ACTS AND VOTES

OF

PARLIAMENT

RELATING TO

THE BRITISH MUSEUM,

WITH THE

STATUTES AND RULES THEREOF,

AND THE SUCCESSION OF

TRUSTEES AND OFFICERS.

LONDON.

PRINTED BY W. BULMER AND CO. CLEVELAND-ROW, ST. JAMES'S.

1805.

ACTS AND VOTES

OF

PARLIAMENT.

1753—1805.

ACTS AND EXTRACTS OF ACTS.

26 Geo. II. For the Purchase of the Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane; and of the Harleian Collection, &c. and of the Cottonian Library, &c. p. 7

27 Geo. II. For impowering a certain Number of the Trustees of the British Museum to do certain Acts, &c. - 46

28 Geo. II. For vesting Montagu House in Trustees, &c. to convey the same to the Trustees of the British Museum, for a General Repository, &c. - 49

7 Geo. III. To enable the Trustees of the British Museum to exchange, sell or dispose of any Duplicates, &c. - 58

45 Geo. III. Exemptions of the Income of the British Museum from any Charge by Reason of the Property Tax, &c. - 62

45 Geo. III. For vesting the Townleian Collection of antient Sculpture in the Trustees of the British Museum, &c. - 64

VOTES.

1772. 20 Martii. For the Purchase of Sir William Hamilton’s Collection of Etruscan, Grecian, and Roman Antiquities - 81

1804. 2 Julii, &c. Grant of £8000. towards an additional Building for the Reception of the Egyptian Antiquities - 82

1805. 12 Feb. &c. Grant of a further Sum of £8000. towards the same Purposes - 86

1805. 5 June, &c. Grant of £20,000. for the Purchase of the Townleian Collection of antient Sculpture 89

ACTS AND VOTES, &c.

26 GEORGII II. REGIS.

An Act for the Purchase of the Museum, or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts; and for providing One General Repository for the better Reception and more convenient Use of the said Collections; and of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions thereto.

[Preamble, reciting the Codicil to the Will of Sir Hans Sloane.]

Whereas Sir Hans Sloane of Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex Baronet, having, through the Course of many Years, with great Labour and Expence, gathered together whatever could be procured either in our own or foreign Countries, that was rare and curious, did, by a Codicil bearing Date the Twentieth Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and annexed to his last Will and

8 Acts and Votes, &c.

Testament, after having expressed his Will and Desire that his Collection, in all its Branches, might be, if it were possible, kept and preserved together Whole and Intire, in his Manor House in the Parish of Chelsea, give, devise, and bequeath, to certain Trustees therein named, all that his Collection or Museum, at, in, or about, his said Manor House, consisting of all his Library of Books, Drawings, Manuscripts, Prints, Medals, and Coins, ancient and modern, Seals, Cameas, and Intaglios, Precious Stones, Agates, Jaspers, Vessels of Agate and Jasper, Chrystals, Mathematical Instruments, Drawings, and Pictures, and all other Things in the said Collection or Museum, more particularly described and numbered, with short Histories or Accounts of them, with proper References in certain Catalogues by him made, containing Thirty-eight Volumes in Folio, and Eight Volumes in Quarto, (except such Pictures as are not marked with the Word Collection), to have and to hold to them and their Successors and Assigns for ever, for such Purposes, and with such Powers, and under such Restrictions, as in the said Codicil are expressed, willing and desiring thereby, that the said Trustees, or any Seven

26 Georgii II. 9

or more of them, should make their humble Application to His Majesty, or to Parliament, at the next Session after his Decease, as should be thought most proper, in order to pay the full and clear Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain, unto his Executors, or the Survivors of them, within Twelve Months after his Decease, in Consideration of the said Collection or Museum; and also to obtain such sufficient and effectual Powers and Authorities for vesting in the said Trustees, all and every Part of his said Collection or Museum before-mentioned, in all its Branches; and also his said Capital Manor House, with such Gardens and Out-houses as should thereunto belong and. be used by him at the Time of his Decease, and also the Water of or belonging to his Manor of Chelsea coming, from Kensington; and also obtain a sufficient Fund or Provision for maintaining and taking Care of his said Collection and Premisses, and for repairing and supporting his said Manor House, Water-work, and Premisses; but in case Payment of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds should not be had and obtained, and made unto his Executors, or the

10 Acts and Votes, &c.

Survivors of them, within Twelve Months next after his Decease, and no such Act of Parliament should be obtained, for settling, preserving, establishing, maintaining, and continuing, his said Collection and Premisses, in such Manner as in his said Codicil is expressed, then, and not otherwise, his Will was, and he did in such Case thereby direct, That his said Executors, or the Survivors of them, should, for the like Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, sell and dispose of all and every Part of the said Collection and Museum, as before described, together with the Catalogues thereto belonging, for the Use of the several foreign Academies therein described, and in the Manner therein mentioned; and that in case the said offer should not be accepted by either of the said foreign Academies, his Executors, or the Survivors of them, should be at Liberty with all convenient Speed to sell and dispose of all and every Part of his said Museum or Collection, in the most speedy and advantageous Manner; and that the Monies arising by such Sale or Disposition should be considered as Part of his Personal Estate; and further his Will was, and he did thereby direct, That in case his

26 Georgii II. 11

said Collection should be sold or disposed of to either of the said foreign Academies, or in case of their Refusal, or Non-acceptance by his Executors, or the Survivors of them, that then his said Manor House and Garden, with the Appurtenances and the Water, should go and belong to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as he had given and devised the Rest of his Manors, Lands, and Tenements, at Chelsea, or elsewhere, as by the said Codicil, Relation being thereunto had, may more fully and at large appear: And whereas the said Sir Hans Sloane having, by several other Codicils of a subsequent Date, annexed to his said Will, added to the Number of the said Trustees, did, on or about the Eleventh Day of January One thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, depart this Life: And whereas the said Trustees, or Seven or more of them, have, pursuant to The Will and Intention of the said Sir Hans Sloane, in this Session of Parliament, being the next Session after his Decease, made their Application for Payment of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, in consideration of the said Collection or MuseumAnd whereas the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, have consented

12 Acts and Votes, &c.

to the Removal of the said Museum or Collection from the Manor House at Chelsea, to any proper Place within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, if such Removal shall be judged most advantageous to the Publick, so as the said Collection be preserved intire without the least Diminution or Separation, and be kept for the Use and Benefit of the Publick, with free Access to view and peruse the same, at all stated and convenient Seasons agreeable to the Will and Intentions of the Testator, and under such Restrictions as the Parliament shall think fit: And whereas the said Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane is of much greater intrinsick Value than the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds: And whereas all Arts and Sciences have a Connection with each other, and Discoveries in Natural Philosophy, and other Branches of speculative Knowledge, for the Advancement and Improvement whereof the said Museum or Collection was intended, do and may, in many Instances, give Help and Success to the most useful Experiments and Inventions; therefore to the End that the said Museum or Collection may be preserved and maintained, not

26 Georgii II. 13

only for the Inspection and Entertainment of the Learned and the Curious, but for the General Use and Benefit of the Publick; may it please Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The Sum of 20,000l. to be paid to the Executors of Sir Hans Sloane, in full Satisfaction for his Museum, &c.]

That out of all or any of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, the full and clear sum of Twenty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall be paid in Manner herein-after mentioned to the Executors of Sir Hans Sloane, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, in full Satisfaction for the said Museum or Collection herein-before described, and for the Use of the said Manor House and Garden, with their Appurtenances, and of the said Water, until a more convenient Repository, more durable and more safe from Fire, and nearer to the chief Places of Publick Resort, shall be provided for the Reception of the said Museum or Collection, in Manner herein-after mentioned.

[Recital of Clauses in the Act of 12 & 13 Will. III. concerning the Cottonian Library.]

And whereas by an act, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of King

14 Acts and Votes, &c.

William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better settling and preserving the Library kept in the House at Westminster, called Cotton House, in the Name and Family of the Cottons, for the Beneft of the Publick, reciting, That Sir Robert Cotton, late of Connington, in the County of Huntingdon, Baronet, did, at his own great Charge, and by the Assistance of the most learned Antiquaries of his Time, collect and purchase the most useful Manuscripts, written Books, Papers, Parchments, Records, and other Memorials, in most Languages, of great Use and Service for the Knowledge and Preservation of our Constitution both in Church and State; and further reciting, That the said Library had been preserved with the utmost Care by Sir Thomas Cotton, Son of the said Sir Robert, and by Sir John Cotton, then living, Grandson of the said Sir Robert; and had been very much augmented by them, and lodged in a very proper Place in the said Sir John's ancient Mansion House at Westminster, for publick Use and Advantage; it was enacted, That the said Mansion House, with the Garden, and all other Appurtenances, and also the said Library, should

26 Georgii II. 15

be vested in Trustees in the said Act named, and their Successors, for ever, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and as for and concerning the said Library, and the Room wherein the same was or should be contained, together with a convenient Passage for resorting thereunto, upon this Trust and Confidence, that the said Trustees, and their Successors, should, from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, as Occasion should require, inspect, consult, and take Care of the said Library, and other Particulars above-mentioned, and also make and appoint such Orders and Rules as they should think proper, for the reading and using the same, and for their better Preservation, and to the Intent and Purpose that the 'said Trustees, or the major Part of them, should nominate and appoint a good and sufficient Person, well read in Antiquities and Records, to have the immediate Care and Custody of the said Library:

[and in the Act of 5 Annae.]

And whereas by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better securing Her Majesty's Purchase of Cotton House in Westminster; reciting the said former Act, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the

16 Acts and Votes, &c.

Reign of King William the Third; and also reciting, that since the making of the said Act, very little had been done in pursuance thereof, to make the said Library useful to the Publick, except what had been then lately done at Her Majesty’s Charge, and that there was no Way or Passage to set it out, as the said Act did direct, nor could there be any Way or Passage to the same, but through the best Rooms of the House, which would render the House wholly useless to the Family; so that the Library could not be resorted unto, nor had any Orders or Rules been appointed for reading or using the same, and thereby the Publick was wholly deprived of the Benefit designed by the said Act; and that the Place wherein the said Library was then contained, was a narrow little Room, damp and improper for preserving the Books and Papers; and that Her Majesty, to the Intent so great a Treasure of Books and Manuscripts, so generously given for the publick Service, might not remain any longer useless, and in Danger of perishing for Want of due Care, and that it might be in Her Majesty’s Power to make that most valuable Collection useful to Her own Subjects,

26 Georgii II. 17

and all learned Foreigners, had given Directions for treating with the said Sir John Cotton, for the Purchase of the said Cotton House and Garden; and that an Agreement had been made for the purchasing the Inheritance thereof for the Sum of four Thousand and five Hundred Pounds, which Her Majesty had directed to be paid on the investing the Inheritance of the Premises in Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, which could not be done but by Act of Parliament, the said recited Act having directed it might not be sold or aliened; it was therefore enacted, That the said Capital Messuage called Cotton House, and the Garden and Buildings used and enjoyed with the same, with the Appurtenances, should be vested in Her Majesty, Her Heirs, and Successors: And it was thereby further enacted and declared, That a convenient Room should be built in or near Part of the said Ground thereby intended to be vested in Her Majesty, as Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, should, by Writing, under the Sign Manual, appoint; in which Room when built, all the said Manuscripts, written Books, Papers, Parchments, Records, and other Memorials,

18 Acts and Votes,

as also all Coins, Medals, and other Rarities and Curiosities in the said Library contained, should be lodged and there remain to all Posterity; and that the said Room when built, should for ever be called and known by the Name of the Cottonian Library; and that from the Building thereof, the said Library should be managed and directed by the Trustees therein named, as Trustees to and for the Use of the Publick for ever: And whereas although the publick Faith hath been thus engaged to provide for the better Reception and more convenient Use of the Cottonian Library, a proper Repository for that purpose hath not yet been prepared; for the want of which, the said Library did, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, suffer by aFire,which consumed the House wherein the same was then placed, and what remains of the said Library still continues in the Room, to which upon the Occasion of the said Fire it was removed; and Persons desirous to view and consult the Treasure of Books and Manuscripts therein contained, cannot conveniently resort thereunto:

[Recital of Part of the Will of Arthur Edwards, Esq.]

And whereas Arthur Edwards, late of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County

26 Georgii II. 19

of Middlesex, Esquire, being desirous to preserve for the publick Use the said Library, and to prevent the like Accident for the future, did, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of June, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, and duly proved in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, give, devise, and bequeath, unto the Trustees of the said Library, the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds (if his Effects real and Personal, not before disposed of by that his Will and Testament, should, after the Decease of Mistress Elizabeth Milles, amount to so much) to erect in a proper Situation such a House as might be most likely to preserve that Library, as much as can be, from all Accidents; but if it should so happen, that before this Part of his Will could take Place, there should be erected such a proper Building for this Use, then he did give, devise, and bequeath, the aforesaid Sum of Seven thousand Pounds to the said Trustees, to be employed in purchasing such Manuscripts, Books of Antiquities, ancient Coins, Medals, and other Curiosities, as might be worthy to increase and enlarge, the said Library; and did also thereby give

20 Acts and Votes, &c.

to the said Trustees of the said Library, to be placed in some By-room or Corner thereof, all his Books, and the Cases in which they were then placed, and also his Pictures in his said Last Will and Testament described; which Books, Book Cases, and Pictures, he did desire and require might be delivered and given, as soon after his Decease as might be, to be placed in the said Library; and which, with the Approbation of the said Trustees, have been placed according to such Desire in the said Library; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

[The said Legacy of 7000l. on the Decease of Elizabeth Milles, to be paid to and applied by th Trustees appointed by this Act.]

That when and as soon as the said Legacy of Seven thousand Pounds shall on the Decease of the said Elizabeth Milles become payable to the Trustees of the Cottonian Library, the same shall be paid to the Trustees by this Act appointed, for the Purposes herein-after mentioned, or to such Person or Persons as by the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, in any General Meeting assembled, shall be authorized to receive the same; to be applied by the said Trustees hereby appointed, either towards erecting or providing a proper Repository for the Cottonian Library; or if such Repository shall be erected or provided before the said

26 Georgii II. 21

Legacy shall become payable as aforesaid, towards purchasing such Manuscripts, Books of Antiquities, ancient Coins, Medals, and other Curiosities, as may be worthy to increase and enlarge the said Library; and that the Acquittance of any Person or Persons authorized by the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, in a General Meeting assembled to receive the said Legacy of Seven thousand Pounds, shall be, and be accepted as a sufficient Discharge to the Executors and Representatives of the said Testator, for the Payment of the said Legacy.

And whereas the Right Honourable Henrietta Cavendish Holies, Countess of Oxford and Countess Mortimer, Relict of Edward Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, and the Most Noble Margaret Cavendish Dutchess of Portland their only Daughter, have expressed their Approbation of a Proposal for the Purchase of the valuable Collection of Manuscripts, collected by the said Earl, and by Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer his Father, in Consideration of the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, upon Condition that the same shall be kept together in a proper Repository, as an Addition to the Cottonian

22 Acts and Votes, &c.

Library, and be called by the Name of the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

[The Sum of 10,000l. to be paid to the Trustees of the Earl and Countess of Oxford and Mortimer, for the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts, which are to be placed in the same Repository with the Cottonian library.]

That out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, the full and clear Sum of Ten thousand Pounds shall be paid by Order of the said Trustees hereby appointed for the Purposes herein-after mentioned, to the Trustees for the said Earl and Countess, to whom by an Indenture quadrupartite made the Second Day of August, in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty-seven, the said Collection of Manuscripts among other Things was assigned for the Purposes in the said Indenture mentioned; the said Collection of Manuscripts to be placed and continued in the same Repository in which the Cottonian Library is herein-after directed to be placed, and until the said Repository shall be erected or provided, in Manner herein-after mentioned; to be preserved in the Place where the same is now lodged, or in some other convenient Place to be approved by the said Trustees by this Act appointed, or the major Part of them, in a General Meeting assembled,

26 Georgii, II. 23

at the Costs and Charges of the said Trustees for the said Earl and Countess, and of the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of such Survivor, and of the Person or Persons to whose Use the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds shall be payable for the said Collection.

[Trustees appointed for putting this Act in Execution.]

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Archbishop of Canterbury for the Time being, the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, the Lord Treasurer of Great Britain, or the First Commissioner of the Treasury for the Time being, the Lord President of the Council for the Time being, the Lord Privy Seal for the Time being, the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the First Commissioner of the Admiralty for the Time being, the Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houshold for the Time being, the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold for the Time being, the Bishop of London for the Time being, each of the Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being, being a Peer or Lord of Parliament, the Speaker of the House of Commons, for the Time being, each of the

24 Acts and Votes, &c.

Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being, not being a Peer or Lord of Parliament, the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the Time being, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench for the Time being, the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, the Chief Justice of His Majesty’s Court of Common Pleas at Westminster for the Time being, His Majesty’s Attorney General for the Time being, His Majesty’s Solicitor General for the Time being, the President of the Royal Society for the Time being, the President of the College of Physicians for the Time being, together with the Right Honourable Charles Lord Caclogan, and Plans Stanley Esquire, and together with Samuel Borroughs and Thomas liart Esquires, Two of the present Trustees of the Cottonian Libraryy (having been so appointed by the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir Robert Cotton, in pursuance of the said herein-before recited Acts made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of KingJVilliam the Third, and in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne), and together with the Most Noble William Duke of Portland, and the Right Honourable Edward Earl of Oxford and Earl

26 Georgii II. 25

Mortimer, shall be Trustees for putting this Act in Execution;

[who are to appoint Fifteen other Persons to be Associates to them,]

and that they, or the major Part of them, in a General Meeting assembled, whereof the said Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the House of Commons, shall be Three, shall, in such manner as they shall think fit, elect and nominate Fifteen other Persons to be associated to them in the execution of the Trusts hereby in them reposed;

[who are to continue Trustees for Life.]

which Fifteen Persons, so elected and nominated, shall be and continue for the Term of their natural Lives, Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, with the like Power, in all Respects, as hereby is given to the Trustees herein-before first appointed;

[Election of new Trustees to be made in the Room of such as shall die.]

and when any of the said Trustees so elected and nominated shall die, the Trustees herein-before first appointed, and their Successors, shall in like Manner elect and nominate a fit Person or Persons to supply the Place or Places of him or them so dying; and so toties quoties, as any of the said Trustees so elected and nominated, or others so elected and nominated, to supply their Places, shall happen to die.

[Nomination of a Trusteee vacant by the Death of Lord Cadogan, or Hans Stanley.]

Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when either the

26 Acts and Votes, &c.

said Charles Lord Cadogan, or Hans Stanley, shall die, it shall and may be lawful for the Survivor to nominate another fit Person to succeed the Deceased in the Place of a Trustee so vacant; and after the Decease of both of them (the said Charles Lord Cadogan and Hans Stanley), it shall and may be lawful for the Heirs Male of their Bodies, and upon Failure of the Heirs Male of the Body of either of them, to and for the Heirs Male of the Body of the other of them, being of full Age, or their respective Guardian or Guardians during their Minority, to nominate a Trustee for the Purposes of this Act, in the Room of the Person last nominated by the Survivor of them; and so as often as any Person supplying the Place of the said Charles Lord Cadogan, or Hans Stanley, shall happen to die.

[Nomination of a Trustee vacant by the Death of Samuel Burroughs, or Thomas Hart.]

Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when either the said Samuel Burroughs, or Thomas Hart, shall die, it shall and may be lawful to and for Frances Hanbury Widow, and Relict of Francis Hanbury Esquire, (which Frances Hanbury is the Heir-general of the said Sir Robert Cotton), and after her Decease to and for the Heirs Male of her Body, being of full Age; and in

26 Georgii II. 27

Default of such Issue, to and for her First, Second, Third, Fourth, and every other Daughter, severally, successively, and in Remainder, one after another, in Order and Course as they respectively shall be in Priority of Birth: and the several and respective Heirs Male of the Bodies of such Daughters, being of full Age, or the respective Guardians of the Heirs Male of the said Frances and of her said Daughters, during their Minority; to nominate another fit Person to supply the Place of the deceased Trustee, and so as often as any Person supplying the Place of either of the said Trustees shall happen to die.

[Nomination of a Trustee vacant by the Death of William Duke of Portland, or Edward Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer.]

Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when either the said William Duke of Portland, or the said Edward Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, herein-before appointed Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, shall die, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Countess of Oxford and Countess Mortimer, and the said Dutchess of Portland, or the Survivor of them, and after the Decease of the said Countess and Dutchess, to and for the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Dutchess, being of full Age, or their Guardian or Guardians,

28 Acts and Votes, &c.

during their Minority; and upon Failure of such Heirs Male, to and for the Heirs Male of the Body of Edward now-Earl of Oxford tod Earl Mortimer, being of full Age, or their Guardian or Guardians, during their Minority; to nominate another fit Person to supply the Place of the said Duke or the said Earl; and upon the Death of any Person so supplying the Place of either of them, to nominate another fit Person in his Stead; and so as often as any Person so supplying the Place of either of them shall happen to die.

[Trustees so nominated, invested with like Powers as those nominated in the Act.]

And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees so to be nominated by the Survivor of the said Charles Lord Cadogan and Hans Stanley, and by the Heirs Male of the Bodies of them, or either of them, or the respective Guardians of such Heirs Male, in Manner aforesaid, and by the said Countess and Dutchess, or the Survivor of them, or by such Heirs Male of the said Dutchess or of the said now Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, as aforesaid, or by their Guardian or Guardians, in Manner aforesaid, shall have the like Power in all respects in the Execution of this Act, as is

26 Georgii II. 29

hereby given to the Trustees herein-before first named and described.

[A general Repository be provided for the Reception of Sloane’s Museum, the Cottonian Library, Harleian Manuscripts, and Edwards's Additions.]

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, One General Repository shall be erected or provided in such convenient Place, and in such Manner, as the Trustees hereby appointed, or the major Part of them, at a General Meeting assembled, shall direct, for the Reception, not only of the said Museum, or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, but also of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions which have been or shall be made thereunto, by virtue of the last Will and Testament of the said Arthur Edwards, and likewise of the said Harleian Collection of Manuscripts, and of such other Additions to the Cottonian Library, as with the Approbation of the Trustees by this Act appointed, or the major Part of them, at a General Meeting assembled, shall be made thereunto, in Manner herein-after mentioned, and of such other Collections and Libraries as with the like Approbation shall be admitted into the said General Repository; which several Collections, Additions, and Library so received into, the said General

30 Acts and Votes, &c.

Repository, shall remain and be preserved therein for publick Use, to all Posterity.

[The Museum to be kept intire.]

Provided always, That the said Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, in all its Branches, shall be kept and preserved together in the said General Repository, whole and intire, and with proper Marks of Distinction.

[The Harleian Collection to be an Addition to the Cottonian Library.]

Provided also, That the said Harleian Collection of Manuscripts shall be kept together in the said General Repository, as an Addition to the Cottonian Library.

[The Museum to remain in the Manor House, till a General Repository be provided, under the Care of a Person to be nominated for that Purpose.]

Provided always, That until the said General Repository shall be erected or provided in Manner before-mentioned, the said Collection or Museum of Sir Hans Sloane shall remain in his said Manor House for publick Use, under the Care of such Person or Persons as by the said Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the House of Commons, or any Two of them shall be nominated for that Purpose; with such Salary or Salaries, and Allowances, for attending and preserving the same, as by all the Trustees by this Act appointed, or the major Part of them in a General Meeting assembled, shall be limited and

26 Georgii II. 31

directed; and the said Museum or Collection shall there be visited and seen by all Persons desirous to view the same, under such Rules as by the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, in like Manner assembled, shall be established; and that until the said Museum or Collection shall be removed to the said General Repository hereby intended to be erected or provided, the Expence of preserving the said Museum or Collection, and of repairing and supporting the said Manor Mouse and Premises, shall be defrayed by the said Trustees but of such Monies as shall be payable to them for that Purpose by virtue of this Act.

[When the Museum shall be removed, the Manor House, &c. to go with the other Lands devised by Sir Hans Sloane.]

Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that when, and as soon as the said Museum or Collection shall be removed into the said General Repository, then, and from thenceforth, the said Manor House and Garden, with their Appurtenances and Water, shall go and belong to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as the said Sir Hans Sloane hath given and devised the Rest of his said Manors, Lands, and Tenements, at Chelsea, or elsewhere.

[The Trustees incorporated by the Name of The Trustees of the British Museum, &c.]

And be it further enacted by the Authority

32 Acts and Votes, &c.

aforesaid, That for the better Execution of the Purposes of this Act, the said Trustees hereby appointed shall be a Body Politick and Corporate, in Deed and Name, and have Succession for ever, by the Name of The Trustees of the British Museum; and by that Name shall sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded, in all Courts and Places within, this Realm; and shall have Power to have and use a Common Seal to be appointed by themselves; and to make Bye-laws and Ordinances for the Purposes of this Act; and to assemble together, when, where, and as often, and upon ’such Notice, as to them shall seem - meet, for the Execution of the Trust hereby in them reposed; and shall also have full Power, Capacity, and Ability, to purchase, take, hold, and enjoy, for the Purposes of this Act, as well Goods and Chattels, as Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so as the yearly Value of such Lands shall not exceed Five hundred Pounds above all Charges and Reprjzes; the Statute of Mortmain, or any other Statute and Law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[Trustees impowered to make Statutes for the Preservation &c. of the said Collections,]

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees so appointed and

26 Georgii II. 33

incorporated by this Act, or the major Part of them, at any General Meeting assembled, shall, from Time to Time, and as often as they shall think fit, make, constitute, and establish, such Statutes, Rules, and Ordinances, for the Custody, Preservation, and Inspection, of every Part of the several Collections hereby intended to remain in the said General Repository, as to them shall seem meet; and shall and may in like Manner assign such Salaries and Allowances as they shall think fit, to the Officers and Servants, who in Manner herein-after mentioned shall be appointed to attend and assist in the Care and Preservation of the several Collections contained in the said General Repository;

[and to appoint Salaries to their Officers.]

and shall and may, at their Pleasure, in like Manner, suspend or remove any such Officer or Servant, for Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty.

[Nomination of the Principal Librarian.]

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Principal Librarian, to whom the Care and Custody of the said General Repository shall be chiefly committed, shall, from Time to Time, be nominated and appointed in Manner following; that is to say,

34 Acts and Votes, &c.

The said Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the House of Commons, or any Two of them, shall recommend to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, Two Persons, each of whom they shall judge fit to execute the said Office; and such of the said Two Persons so recommended, as His Majesty, His Heirs and Succcessors, by Writing under His, or Their Sign Manual, shall appoint, after he shall become bound to the said Trustees by this Act appointed, for the due and faithful Discharge of his Office, in such penal Sum not being less than One Thousand Pounds, as the said Trustees, at any General Meeting assembled, or the major Part of them, shall think proper, shall have and hold the said Office, during such Time as he shall behave well therein.

[Nomination of the Rest of the Officers and Servants.]

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rest of the Officers and Servants, whose Attendance and Assistance shall be necessary in the Care and Preservation of the said General Repository, shall, from Time to Time, be nominated and appointed by the said Archbishop of Canterbury,

26 Georgii II. 35

Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the House of Commons, or any Two of them.

[No officer’s Place to be supplied by a Deputy.]

Provided always, That no such Person to whom the Care and Custody of the said General Repository shall be chiefly committed, nor any of the Rest of the said Officers or Servants, unless in Cases of occasional Sickness, or other necessary Cause of Absence, to be approved by the said Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the House of Commons, or any Two of them, shall be permitted to supply his Place by a Deputy.

[Assistants and subordinate Officers allowed.]

Provided nevertheless, That the Person to whom in Manner aforesaid the Care and Custody of the said General Repository shall be chiefly committed, shall and may be assisted by such subordinate Officers and Servants, as in Manner aforesaid shall be appointed, continually to assist him in the Execution of his Duty.

[Sloane's Museum, Cottonian Library, and Harleian Collection, vested in the Trustees, in Trust for the Publick Use.]

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, from and after Payment of the said Sum of Twenty Thousand Pounds, and the said Manor House and Garden,

36 Acts and Votes, &c.

with the Appurtenances and Water, until the said Museum or Collection shall be removed to the said General Repository; and also the said Cottonian Library and Additions thereunto; and the said Harleian Collection of Manuscripts, from and after Payment of the said Sum of Ten Thousand Pounds; and the said General Repository, when the same shall be erected or provided for the Use thereof, shall be vested in the said Trustees by this Act appointed, and their Successors, for ever; upon this Trust and Confidence nevertheless, That a free Access to the said General Repository, and to the Collections therein contained, shall be given to all studious and curious Persons, at such Times, and in such Manner, and under such Regulations for inspecting and consulting the said Collections, as by the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, in any General Meeting assembled, shall be limited for that Purpose.

[His Majesty may grant to the Trustees any Messuage or Building, &c. in Perpetuity, for a General Repository.]

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Sue- ' cessors, at any Time hereafter, by Letters Patent or Indenture, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto the

26 Georgii II. 37

said Trustees and their Successors, in Perpetuity, for the Purposes of this Act, the Right or Use in or of any Room, Messuage, or Building, or Rooms, Messuages, or Buildings, with the Appurtenances, or any Ground or Site requisite for the Erection of the said General Repository, or for making any Addition thereto; any Restrictions, or Matter or Thing contained in an Act of Parliament made in the First Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne,

[Act 4 Annae.]

intituled, An Act for the better Support of Her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown; or any other Law or Statute in any wise notwithstanding.

[Bodies Politick and Coporate, &c. impowered to dispose of Lands, &c. to the Trustees for such Repository.]

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick and Corporate,

Trustees, Mortgagees, and Feoffees, in Trust, Guardians and Committees for Infants, Lunaticks, and Ideots, Executors, and Administrators whatsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert, who are or shall be seised of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in their own Right, and to and for all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in,

38 Acts and Votes, &c.

any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to sell and convey to the said Trustees and their Successors, or to such Person or Persons as they, or the major Part of them, at any General Meeting assembled, shall appoint, all such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Estates, and Interests, or any Part thereof, as the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall purchase, for the Purpose of erecting or providing such General Repository as aforesaid; and all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be made by any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Persons aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding:

[Money to be laid out to the same Uses as Lands, &c. purchased, were settled to;]

And that every such Sum of Money as shall be paid for the Purchase of any Lands. Tenements, or Hereditaments, to or for the Use of any such Body Politick or Corporate, or other Person as aforesaid, shall be respectively laid out in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and settled to and upon, and subject to such Titles, Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, and Contingencies, as the said Lands, Tenements,

26 Georgii II. 39

and Hereditaments, purchased by the said Trustees, were settled, limited, and assured, at the Time of such Purchase, and shall be held and enjoyed accordingly; and that until such Purchases shall be made,

[and to be vested in the publick Funds till Purchase be made.]

the Money shall be vested in some of the publick Funds, or Government Securities, at Interest, which shall be paid to or for the Use of such Person or Persons as would have been intitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

[Reservation to all other Persons interested, of their Rights to the Premises, vested in the Trustees.]

Saving nevertheless, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, Executors, or Administrators, other than and except the Trustees and Visitors by the said Sir Hans Sloane appointed by his Codicil herein-before recited, and other than and except the Trustees of the Cottonian Library, and the Trustees for the said Countess of Oxford and Countess Mortimer, all such Right, Title, Estate, or Interest, in or to the Premises hereby vested in the Trustees by this Act appointed, and their Successors, as they, or any of them, had or might enjoy if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained

40 Acts and Votes, &c.

to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[Here follow certain Provisions for raising a Sum of Money by Way of Lottery for the Purposes of this Institution.]

[Application of the Monies arising by this Act.]

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies which shall arise from the said Lottery, subject to the Charge of Management thereof, after Payment made, or Money sufficient reserved for the Payment of the Sums hereby directed to be issued to the Proprietors of the Fortunate Tickets, shall be appropriated, and in Manner herein-after mentioned, issued, applied, and reserved, to the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, herein-after expressed, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; that is to say,

[20,000l. to the Executors of Sir Hans Sloane.]

In the first Place the full and clear Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, Part thereof, shall, before the Eleventh Day of January One thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, be issued by Order of the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, at any General Meeting assembled, to the Executors of Sir .Hans Sloane, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, in Consideration of his said Museum or Collection, and of the Use and Benefit of the said Manor House and Garden, with the

26 Georgii II. 41

Appurtenances and Water, until such Time as the said Museum or Collection shall be removed to the said General Repository:

[10,000l. to the Countess of Oxford and Countess Mortimer.]

In the next Place, and in like Manner, shall be issued to the said Countess of Oxford and Countess Mortimer, and her Trustees, the full and clear Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as, together with the Legacy of Seven thousand Pounds bequeathed to the Trustees of the Cottonian Library, in Manner above mentioned, shall be sufficient, in case the said Legacy shall, before that Time, take Effect, to pay the Price for the said Harleian Collection of Manuscripts, so as the said Collection, until such time as the said General Repository shall be erected or provided for the Reception thereof, shall remain in the Place where the same is now lodged, or in some other convenient Place to be approved by the said Trustees, or the major Part of them so assembled, and shall be there preserved and maintained at the Costs and Charges of the said Countess of Oxford and Countess Mortimer, and her Trustees; after Payment of which several Sums of Twenty thousand Pounds, and Ten thousand Pounds, so much Money shall and may be issued

42 Acts and Votes, &c.

and applied by Order of the said Trustees, or the major Part of them so assembled, as shall be sufficient to defray the Expence of erecting or providing the said General Repository, and of the necessary a General Furniture thereof,

[A General Repository to be provided thereout, and other necessary Expences attending the preserving the Museum, Cottonian Library, and Harleian Collection of Manuscripts.]

and of such Cabinets, Book Cases, and other Conveniences or Embellishments, as the Condition of the several Collections in the said General Repository contained, shall require; and also of the Expence which may be incurred in preserving and maintaining the said Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, at his said Manor House at Chelsea, during such Time as the said Museum or Collection shall remain there, and in removing the said Museum or Collection; and also in removing the Cottonian Library, and the Additions thereunto made or to be made, and the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts, to the said General Repository;

[30,000l. to be put out at Interest in the Publick Funds, towards Payment of Officers' Salaries, and other necessary Expences.]

which Expence being defrayed, the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds shall and may be reserved to be placed out at Interest, by Order of the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, in any General Meeting assembled, in any Parliamentary Security or Securities, or to be lent, from Time to Time in Part or in

26 Georgii II. 43

the Whole, upon the Credit of any Taxes or Duties imposed by Parliament, at such Interest for the Forbearance of such Loan, as by any Act imposing such Taxes or Duties, or any other Act, shall be limited; the Interest of which Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds so reserved shall and may be issued and applied, by like Order of the said Trustees, or the major Part of them so assembled, for and towards Payment of the Salaries and Allowances which, in Manner aforesaid, shall be assigned by the said Trustees to the Officers and Servants attending or assisting in the said General Repository, and for and towards the Payment of such other Costs and Charges as the Custody and Preservation of the said several Collections, and the Repairs or Alterations of the said General Repository, and the due Execution of the Trust hereby reposed in the said Trustees, shall require: And if after Payment of the said first-mentioned Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, and of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, or Part thereof, upon the Contingency herein-before mentioned; and after Payment of so much Money as the Expence of erecting, or providing and furnishing the

44 Acts and Votes, &c.

said General Repository, and of such Cabinets, Book Cases, and other Conveniences and Embellishments, and of maintaining or preserving the said Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane at the said Manor House at Chelsea, and of removing the said several Collections to the said General Repository, shall amount to;

[The Surplus, if any, to be reserved for the future Disposition of Parliament;]

and if, after reserving the last-mentioned Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds for the Purposes aforesaid, any Surplus shall remain of the Monies so raised by virtue of this Act, the same shall be reserved for the future Disposition of Parliament.

Provided always, That in the mean Time, until such Surplus shall be disposed of by Parliament, it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, to place out or lend the said Surplus, or any Part thereof,

[and may be placed out at Interest, to be applied to the Uses of this Act.]

upon such Securities, and upon such Credit, as they are herein-before impowered to place out or lend the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds herein-before directed to be reserved, the Proceed or Interest thereof, until the Principal Money shall be so disposed of by Parliament, to be applied to such Uses, for the better accomplishing the Design of this

26 Georgii II. 45

Act, as by the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, in any General Meeting assembled, shall be limited and directed.

46

27 GEORGII II. REGIS.

An Act for making perpetual several Laws, &c. and to impower a certain Number of the Trustees of the British Museum to do certain Acts, &c.

And whereas by an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

[Recital of Clauses in Act 26 Geo. II.]

intituled, An Act for the Purchase of the Museum, or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts, and for providing One General Repository for the better Reception and more convenient Use of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions thereto; it is, among other Things, enacted, That certain Persons in the said Act named, and their Successors, shall be Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution; and that they, or the major Part of them, in a General Meeting

27 Georgii II. 47

assembled, whereof the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the House of Commons, shall be Three, shall, in such Manner as they shall think fit, elect and nominate Fifteen other Persons to be associated to them in the Executions of the Trusts thereby in them reposed; and when any of the Trustees so elected and nominated shall die, shall in like Manner elect and nominate a fit Person or Persons to supply the Place or Places of him or them so dying, and so to toties quoties, as any of the said Trustees so elected and nominated, or others so elected and nominated to supply their Places, shall happen to die: And whereas the Powers and Authorities given to the whole Body of the Trustees of the British Museum, by the said Act incorporated, are thereby limited to be exercised by them, or the major Part of them, at any General Meeting assembled: And whereas it may happen that the said Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the House of Commons, may be hindered by Indisposition or Avocation, from being all of them present at such Elections of Trustees; and it may

48 Acts and Votes, &c.

also happen that the major Part of the whole Number of the Trustees of the British Museum cannot conveniently be present at every General Meeting of the said Trustees; be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid,

[Elections of Trustees, at which the Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, and Speaker of the House of Commons, or two of them shall be present,

That every such Election of a Trustee, at which the said Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the House of Commons, or any Two of them shall be present, shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the House of Commons, were all of them present; and that the Acts and Orders made by the major Part of such Number of the said Trustees, as shall be present at any such General Meeting,

[and all Acts done by Seven Trustees deemed valid.]

so as Seven of the said Trustees at the least be there present, shall have the same and the like Force and Effect, as if such Acts and Orders were made by the major Part of the whole Number of the said Trustees; any thing in the said Act, or any Law, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

49

28 GEO. II. SESS. 2.

PRIVATE ACTS, c. 3.

Extract of an Act for vesting Montagu House in Trustees and their Heirs, freed and discharged from all the Estates, Uses, and Agreements, to which, at present, it stands limited and appointed upon Trust to convey the same to the Trustees of The British Museum, for a General Repository, and upon such other Trusts as therein are mentioned.

Whereas Ralph late Duke of Montagu being seised in his Demesne, as of Fee, of all that capital Messuage or Mansion House, commonly called Montagu House, with the Gardens and Appurtenances thereto belonging, situate in Great Russel Street, in the Parish of Saint George Bloomsbury, (late part of the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields) in the County of Middlesex, subject to a Yearly

50 Acts and Votes, &c.

Rent of Five Pounds issuing thereout by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the 21st Day of August, 1707, devised the same among his other Estates in England to his Son John then Marquis of Monthermer, and afterwards Duke of Montagu, for his Life with remainder, &c. &c. &c.

And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the 26th Year of your Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Purchase of the Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts, and for providing one General Repository for the better Reception and more convenient Use of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions thereto, it was enacted, That, within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, one General Repository should be erected or provided in such convenient Place, and in such Manner as the Trustees, in the said Act named and appointed, or the major Part of them, at a General Meeting assembled, should direct for the Reception not only of the said Museum or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, but also of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions which had been or should be made

28 Geo. II. Sess. 2. 51

thereto by Virtue of the last Will and Testament of Arthur Edwards, Esquire, and likewise of the said Harleian Collection of Manuscripts, and of such other Additions to the Cottonian Library, as with the Approbation of the said Trustees by the said Act appointed, or the major Part of them at a General Meeting assembled, should be made thereunto in Manner as in the said Act it was after-mentioned, and of such other Collections and Libraries as with the like Approbation should be admitted into the said General Repository, which several Collections, Additions, and Library so received unto the said General Repository should remain and be preserved therein for publick Use to all Posterity. And whereas at a General Meeting of the said Trustees held at the Cockpit at Whitehall, on the Third Day of April, One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-four, it was resolved to accept of a Proposal which had been made of the said capital Mansion House called Montagu House, and the said Freehold Ground thereto belonging, for the General Repository of the British Museum, on the Terms of Ten thousand Pounds, at which Price the same had been offered to be Sold for the said

52 Acts and Votes, &c.

Trustees, including the Leasehold Interest of the Piece of Ground therewith enjoyed; in Pursuance of which said Resolution by certain Articles of Agreement in writing, bearing Date the 3d Day of June following, and made between the said Sir Edward Montagu, and the said Isabella Dutchess Dowager of Manchester, the said George Earl of Cardigan, and Mary Countess of Cardigan of the one Part, and the said Trustees of the British Museum of the other Part, it was covenanted and agreed, that, in Consideration of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, they the said Sir Edward Montagu, and the said Isabella Dutchess Dowager of Manchester, the said George Earl of Cardigan, and Mary Countess of Cardigan, and all and every other Person or Persons seised, possessed of, or intituled unto the said Freehold and Leasehold Premises, in Trust for them or any of them, should and would convey to and to the Use of the said Trustees, their Successors and Assigns for ever, or to whom they should appoint the said Mansion House, Gardens, and Appurtenances belonging and likewise assign to them the said Leasehold Premises in Manner as therein mentioned. And

38 Geo. II. Sess. 3. 53

whereas although by the said recited Act of the 9th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, the said Isabella Dutchess Dowager of Manchester, and the said Mary Countess of Cardigan are enabled to suffer a Recovery, and thereby bar the Intails and Remainders, created by the said recited Will of the said Ralph Duke of Montagu, yet as the uses of such Recovery if suffered are thereby restrained to be limited according to the Agreements in the said Articles contained in the said Act mentioned, under which the said Isabella Dutchess Dowager of Manchester, and Mary Countess of Cardigan will be but Tenants for Life, they are not able without the further Aid and Assistance of an Act of Parliament to make a Title in Fee Simple, and convey the said Mansion House, Gardens, and Appurtenances according to the said Agreement to the Trustees of the British Museum as aforesaid, Wherefore, and to the end that the said recited Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 3d June 1754 as aforesaid, may be carried into Execution, and that the Money arising by the Sale of the said Mansion House, Gardens, and Appurtenances may be equally divided between them, the

54 Acts and Votes, &c.

said Isabella Dowager Dutchess of Manchester, and Mary Countess of Cardigan, that is to say, Five thousand Pounds, to each of them, and to be vested in Trust to be laid out in other Freehold Premises to be settled to the same uses and Trusts, as the said Mansion House, Gardens, and Appurtenances, are in and by the said recited Articles, dated the 1st of January, 1722, and the said recited Act confirming the same limited and settled, and by virtue thereof, the said Isabella Dutchess Dowager of Manchester, and the said Mary Countess of Cardigan, do now hold and enjoy the same, and that the said Trustees of the British Museum may be indemnified on the payment of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds for the Purposes aforesaid, against the said Uses and Trusts, they the said Sir Edward Montagu, and the said Isabella Dutchess Dowager of Manchester, the said George Earl of Cardigan, and Mary Countess of Cardigan, Humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be Enacted, And be it therefore Enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

28 Geo. II. Sess. 2. 55

Authority of the same, That all that Capital Messuage or Mansion House, commonly called Montagu House, with the Gardens and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, situate in Great Russel Street in the Parish of Saint George Bloomsbury, in the said County of Middlesex, be vested in and settled upon, and the said Capital Messuage, Mansion House, Gardens, and Appurtenances, are hereby vested in and settled upon the Right Hon. George Earl of Halifax, and William Folkes Esq. their Heirs and Assigns, absolutely freed and discharged of and from all the Estates, Uses, Trusts, Powers, Limitations, Provisoes, Charges and Agreements whatsoever, limited, created, expressed and declared of and concerning the same, in and by the said recited last Will and Testament, of the said Ralph Duke of Montagu, and the said Articles of Agreement herein-before recited, and mentioned in the said Act of Parliament, and confirmed by the said Act in Trust nevertheless to convey and assure in Pursuance and in Performance of the said Articles, the said Mansion House, Gardens and Appurtenances, unto the said Trustees of the British Museum on payment of the said sum of Ten thousand Pounds to

56 Acts and Votes, &c.

the said George Earl of Halifax, and William Folkes, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, and in further Trust, to lay out and dispose of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, in manner as herein-after mentioned, that is to say, &c. &c.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on Payment of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds by the said Trustees of the British Museum to the, said George Earl of Halifax, and William Folkes, their Executors Administrators or Assigns, in consideration of their conveying and assuring the said Mansion House, Gardens, and Appurtenances to the said Trustees of the British Museum as aforesaid, the Receipt or Receipts of the said George Earl of Halifax, and William Folkes, their Executors Administrators or Assigns to the said Trustees of the British Museum, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be a good and sufficient Discharge to the said Trustees for the same, and that they the said Trustees shall thereupon be and are hereby declared indemnified against all Demands from all and every or any Person or Persons whatsoever to whom or to whose use the said Mansion House Gardens and Appurtenances

28 Geo. II. Sess. 2. 57

have been limited or settled in or by the said last Will and Testament of the said Ralph Duke of Montagu, or the said recited Articles in the said recited Act, or the said recited Act confirming the same as aforesaid, And that the said Trustees of the British Museum, shall and may at all times after such Conveyance and Assurance made, and the Payment of the said Ten thousand Pounds Purchase Money as aforesaid, have, hold, and enjoy the said Capital Mansion House, Gardens, and Appurtenances, freed and absolutely discharged of, from, and against all and every the Uses, Estates, Trusts, Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, and Agreements limited, created, expressed and declared as aforesaid, of and concerning the same.

58

7 GEORGII. III. REGIS.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to enable the Trustees of the British Museum to exchange, sell, or dispose of any Duplicates of printed Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Things that may be wanting in, or proper for, the said Museum.

[Preamble.]

Whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intitled, An Act for the Purchase of the Museum, or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts; and for better providing One General Repository for the better Reception, and more convenient Use, of the said Collection, and of the Cottonian

7 Georgii III. 59

Library, and of the Additions thereto; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, that within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, One General Repository should be erected or provided in such convenient Place, and in such Manner, as the Trustees thereby appointed, or the major Part of them, at a General Meeting assembled, should direct, for the Reception not only of the said Museum, or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, but also of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions which had been or should be made thereto, by virtue of the last Will and Testament of Arthur Edwardsf Esquire, in the said Act named, and likewise of the said Harleian Collection of Manuscripts, and of such other Additions to the said Cottonian Library as, with the Approbation of the Trustees by the said Act appointed, or the major Part of them, at a General Meeting assembled, should be made thereunto, in Manner therein-after mentioned; and of such other Collections and Libraries as, with the like Approbation, should be admitted into the said General Repository; and that the said several Collections, Additions, and Library, so received

60 Acts and Votes, &c.

into the said General Repository, should remain and be preserved therein, for publick Use, to all Posterity: And whereas the said Collections have been greatly increased by considerable Donations from his Majesty, and the Gifts of several Noblemen and others; and it is probable that great Additions will hereafter be made thereto: And whereas there are now, and there may hereafter be, in the Various Departments of the British Museum, many Duplicates of printed Books, Medals, Coins, and other Curiosities, which it would be proper to dispose of, in order to make Room for others: May it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Five or more Trustees are empowered to order any Duplicates of printed Books, Medals, Coins, &c. to be exchanged for Manuscripts, &c.]

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and their Successors, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting assembled, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to order any Duplicates of

7 Georgii III. 61

[or to be sold; and the Money laid out in purchasing such as may be wanting, or proper.]

printed Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities, to be exchanged for Manuscripts, Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities; or to direct any such Duplicates of printed Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities, to be sold or disposed of, and the Money to arise by such Sale to be laid out in the Purchase of Manuscripts, Books, Medals, Coins, and other Curiosities, that may be wanting in, or proper for the said Museum; the said herein before recited Act of Parliament, or any other Act, Matter or Thing, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

62

45 GEORGII III. REGIS.

Extract from an Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties.

[Allowances to be made to the Trustees of the British Museum, and Exemptions allowed in the same Manner as now allowed to Colleges and charitable Institutions.]

Provided also, and be it farther Enacted, That the like Allowances shall be granted to the Trustees of the British Museum, in respect to any Charge under Schedule (A.) to be made on the Lands and Tenements vested in such Trustees, as are granted to Colleges and other Proprietors mentioned in No. V. of that Schedule, and the like Exemptions shall be allowed in respect to any Dividends of Stock vested in such Trustees, or any of them, or in any other for their Use, as are granted to charitable Institutions by this

45 Georgii III. 63

Act; and no Salary or Payment made or to be made out of His Majesty’s Exchequer to such Trustees, for the Use of such Institution, shall be charged at the said Exchequer; provided all Salaries of Officers or Persons employed under the said Trustees shall be charged on the said Officers respectively.

64

45 GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act to vest the Townleian Collection of antient Sculpture in the Trustees of the British Museum for the Use of the Public.

[Recites the Act of 26 Geo II.]

Whereas by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Purchase of the Museum, or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts, and for providing One General Repository for the better Reception and more convenient Use of the said Collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions thereto; the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, the Lord Treasurer of Great Britain, or the First Commissioner of the Treasury, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord

45 Georgii III. 65

Privy Seal, the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the First Commissioner of the Admiralty, the Lord Steward of his Majesty’s Household, the Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Household, the Bishop of London, each of the Principal Secretaries of State, being a Peer or Lord of Parliament, the Speaker of the House of Commons, each of the Principal Secretaries of State, not being a Peer or Lord of Parliament, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench, the Master of the Rolls, the Chief Justice of his Majesty’s Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, his Majesty’s Attorney and Solicitor General, the President of the Royal Society, and the President of the College of Physicians, severally for the Time being, and certain other Persons named or described in the said Act, or to be appointed under the Powers therein contained, were appointed Trustees, and incorporated by the Name of The Trustees of the British Museum, for putting the said Act into Execution, with such Powers and under such Directions as are therein expressed; and particularly, it was thereby enacted, That within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the

66 Acts and Votes, &c.

Suburbs thereof, one General Repository should be erected and provided for the Reception of the Collections and Libraries therein mentioned, and of such other Collections and Libraries as, with the like Approbation, should be admitted into the same, which several Collections, Additions, and Libraries so received into the said General Repository, should remain and be preserved therein for public Use to all Posterity:

[Purchase of the British Museum.]

And whereas, under the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for vesting Montagu House in Trustees and their Heirs, freed and discharged from all the Estates, Uses, and Agreements to which it at present stands limited and appointed upon Trust, to convey the same to the Trustees of the British Museumybr a General Repository, and upon such other Trusts as therein are mentioned; the capital Messuage or Mansion House heretofore called Montagu House, situate in Great Russell Street, in the Parish of Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and the Outhouses, Buildings, and Gardens belonging to the same, were duly conveyed and assured unto and to the Use of the Trustees

45 Georgii III. 67

of the said Museum, by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Fourth and Fifth Days of April, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five, and made between the Right Honourable George Dunk, Earl of Halifax, and William Folkes, Esquire, (Trustees under the said last mentioned Act for carrying the Trusts thereof into Execution) of the one Part, and the Trustees of the said Museum of the other Part, and since that Time the said capital Messuage or Mansion House and its Appurtenances have been generally called or known by the Appellation of the British Museum:

[November 22d, 1802, Will of Charles Townley, Esquire.]

And whereas Charles Townley, late of Townley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Esquire, duly signed and published his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the Twenty-ninth of November, One thousand Eight hundred and Two, and did thereby devise the Manors and other Hereditaments situate in the said County of Lancaster therein particularly mentioned, and distinguished by the Name of The Townley Estates, to John Trafford, of Trafford House, in the said County, and Stephen Tempest, of Broughton Hall, in the County

68 Acts and Votes, &c.

of York, Esquires, and their Heirs, to the Use of Sir John Lawson, Baronet, and Thomas Eccleston, Esquire, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Eight hundred Years, by the Ways and Means therein mentioned, to raise Money for the Payment of his Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences in Exoneration of his personal Estate, and for the Payment of certain Annuities; and after the Expiration of the said Term of Eight hundred Years, to the Use of Edward Townley Standish, Esquire, the Brother of him the said Testator during the Term of his natural Life, with a Limitation, &c. in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders therein after devised; and after his Decease, to the Use of the first and other Sons of the said Edward Townley Standish, severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities, in Tail; and in Default of such Issue, to the Use of John Townley, Esquire, the Uncle of the said Charles Townley the Testator, and his Assigns during his natural Life, without Impeachment of Waste; and after his Decease, to such Uses as the said John Townley and

45 Georgii III. 69

Peregrine Edward Townley, Esquire, his Son, should by any Deed to be executed by them as therein is mentioned direct or appoint; and in Default of such Appointment, to the Use of the said John Townley, his Heirs and Assigns for ever: And the said Charles Townley did, by his said Will, bequeath to the said Sir John Lawson and Thomas Eccleston his Collection of Antient Marbles, which should be in or about or belong to his House in Park Street, Westminster, at the Time of his Decease, to hold the same unto the said Sir John Lawson and Thomas Eccleston, their Executors and Administrators, in Trust for the British Museum; provided that the Trustees or Managers for the Time being of that Institution should, within the Term of Two Years from the Time of his Decease, set apart a Room or Rooms, which then was or were, or which might thereafter be erected at the said Museum, sufficiently spacious and elegant to exhibit those Antiquities most advantageously to the Publick; such Room or Rooms to be exclusively set apart for the Reception and future Exhibition of the said Antiquities; and in some conspicuous Part of the said Room or Rooms, such a suitable

70 Acts and Votes, &c.

and appropriate Inscription to be made and fixed up, as the Trustees or Managers of the said Museum should deem proper. And that in case the said Trustees or Managers should decline to accept of that his Gift, or should not fully comply with the Conditions thereby imposed by him, then his Will was that the said Sir John Lawson and Thomas Eccleston, and the Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, should stand possessed of his said Collection of ancient Marbles in trust for the Testator’s Brother, the said Edward Townley Standish, his Executors Administrators and Assigns, and the said Testator appointed the said Edward Townley Standish and John Townley the Executors of that his Will:

[22d December, 1804. Codicil to the Will of the said Charles Townley.]

And whereas the said Charles Townley signed and published a Codicil to his said Will, which Codicil bears Date the Twenty-second Day of December, One Thousand Eight Hundred and Four, and by his said Codicil revoked the Trusts declared by his Will of the said ancient Marbles for the Benefit of the British Museum and the said Edward Townley Standish, and directed that the said Sir John Lawson and Thomas Eccleston, their Executors Administrators

45 Georgii III. 71

and Assigns should stand possessed of the said Collection of antient Marbles upon the Trusts following, that is to say, in case his the Testator’s Brother Edward Townley Standish, or his the Testator’s Uncle John Townley, or his Heirs should, within Five Years from his the Testator's decease, expend not less than the Sum of Four thousand Five hundred Pounds in placing the said Marbles in a proper and suitable Manner for Exhibition in his Mansion House at Townley, or in the erecting and completing, or purchasing a Suite of Rooms for their Reception and Exhibition, to be added for the Purpose to, or being Part of any House to be built, purchased, or belonging to them or any of them in London then in Trust for the Person or Persons who by Virtue of or under the Limitations contained in his said Will should for the Time being be entitled to the Possession, or to the Receipts of the Rents, Issues and Profits of his Townley Estates, in his said Will mentioned; Yet so that for the Purpose of Transmission the same should not vest absolutely in any Son of his said Brother Edward Townley Standish, until such Son should attain to the Age of Twenty-one Years, or

72 Acts and Votes, &c.

part this Life under that Age, leaving issue inheritable under his said Will, or Born in due Time afterwards : And in case of the Death of his said Brother Edward Townley Standish without Issue Male, as expressed in his said Will, or in failure of such Issue then in Trust for his said Uncle John Townley and his Heirs: But in case his said Brother Edward Townley Standish, or his said Uncle John Townley or his Heirs should refuse or neglect to make such proper Provision for the Reception and Exhibition of the said Antient Marbles within the said Term of Five Years, then it was his Will and Mind that the said Sir John Lawson and Thomas Eccleston, their Executors Administrators and Assigns, should stand possessed thereof in Trust for the British Museum, subject to the same Terms, Conditions, and Restrictions as were contained in his said Will in Respect to the Trust therein declared for the Bi'itish Museum, and in case the Trustees or Managers of the British Museum should not comply with such Terms, Conditions, and Restrictions then in Trust for his the said Testator’s Executors and Administrators:

And whereas the said Charles Townley

45 Georgii III. 73

departed this Life on the Third Day of January last, and the said Will and Codicil were duly proved by the said Edward Townley Standish and John Townley in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury:

And whereas at the Time of the Decease of the said Charles Townley, the said Townley Estate, or some Part thereof, was subject to a Mortgage Debt of Thirty-six thousand Five hundred Pounds charged thereupon by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Days of November One thousand Eight hundred and Two, &c. Whereby in consideration of the Sum of Thirty-six thousand Five hundred Pounds by the said John Townley advanced to or upon the Account of the said Charles Townley, the said Townley Estate, or some Part thereof, was conveyed by or by the Direction of the said Charles Toxvnley unto and to the Use of the said John Townley, his Heirs and Assigns by Way of Mortgage for securing to the said John Townley, his Executors Administrators and Assigns the Sum of Thirty-six thousand Five hundred Pounds, with lawful Interest for the same:

74 Acts and Votes, &c.

And whereas the Collection of Antient Marbles bequeathed by the said Will and Codicil of the said Charles Townley was made by him with great Knowledge, Judgment and Care, and at a very considerable Expence, and is generally considered to be one of the most valuable Collections of ancient Sculpture, and on many Accounts is such a Property as is highly desirable to be possessed by the Public:

And whereas a Proposal having been made by the Trustees of the British Museum to the said Edward Townley Standishy John Townleyy and Peregrine Edward Townley for the Purchase of the said Collection of Ancient Marbles and Terra Cottas at or for the Price or Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, and it having been represented to them that it was highly desirable the same should be possessed by the Public in a proper Repository generally open at proper Times and under suitable Restrictions to the Inspection of Artists, and the Curious in the fine Arts, they the said Edzcard Townley Standish, John Townley, and Peregrine Edward Townley consented to the said Proposal, and agreed to add to the said Collection the Bronze Statues of Apollo and

45 Georgii III. 75

Hercules, which also belonged to and formed Part of the Collection of the said Charles Townley, on Condition that the whole of the said Collection should be kept together and open to Inspection as herein-before is mentioned, and called by the Name of the Townleian Collection:

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be Enacted, And be it Enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, that the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them shall, and he or they is and are hereby authorised and empowered out of any of the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Five, immediately after the passing of this Act to issue and advance the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the British Museum, or any Person to be appointed by the said Trustees to receive the same, which Money shall be paid without any

76 Acts and Votes, &c.

Fee or other Deduction whatever, and shall be applied in the Purchase of the said Collection: And that the Trustees of the British Museum shall, on or before the First Day of September One thousand Eight hundred and Six, require the Delivery of the said Collecttion; and if the same shall be then delivered to them, and they shall be satisfied that the several Statues and other Articles forming the said Collection are then conformable with the Catalogue thereof deposited in the British Museum, signed by the said Edward Townley Standish, Joseph Planta, Esquire, Principal Librarian of the British Museum, and Taylor Combe, Esquire, another of the Librarians, and duly certified by them on the Third Day of July One thousand Eight hundred and Five, shall on the Delivery of the same into their Custody, pay the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds to the said John Townley, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, towards the Discharge of his said Mortgage Debt of Thirty-six thousand Five hundred Pounds.

And be it further Enacted, That on payment of the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds the said Collection shall be vested in the Trustees for the Time being of the said British Museum, and their Successors in perpetuity for the Purposes of the said Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, absolutely freed and discharged from all the Trusts, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, expressed or contained of or concerning the same by or in the said Will and Codicil of the said Charles Townley.

And be it hereby further Enacted, That the said Collection shall be preserved and kept together in the said British Museum whole and intire, and distinguished by the Name or Appellation of the Townleian Collection.

And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Edward Townley Standish shall be associated to the Trustees for the time being of the British Museum, in the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by the said recited Act; And that upon the Decease of the said Edward Townley Standish it shall be lawful for his Sons severally, successively, and in remainder one after another, as they respectively shall be in seniority of Age and Priority of Birth, and the Heirs of

78 Acts and Votes, &c.

their respective Bodies, being of full Age, and for his her or their Guardian or Guardians, during his, her, or their respective Minorities, and in default of Such Issue to and for the said John Townley, and his Heirs, being of full Age, and for their respective Guardian or Guardians during their respective Minorities, by any Writing under their respective Hands, to nominate some fit Person to supply the Place of the said Edward Townley Standish, or the last actual Trustee in the said Trust, when and so often as any Person so nominated shall happen to die.

And be it further Enacted, That the Trustee hereby appointed, or so to be appointed as herein-before is mentioned, shall have the like Powers in all Respects in the Execution of the Trusts reposed or to be reposed by the said recited Act, or any other Act, in the Trustees of the British Museum, as are or shall be by the said Acts, or any of them, given to the Trustees therein named or described.

And be it further Enacted, That until the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds shall be paid to the said John Townley, the same shall be laid out by the Trustees of the

45 Georgii III. 79

British Museum in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the same as they respectively are paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Purchase of other Navy, or Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, and all the said Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank in the Name of the Trustees of the British Museum, and shall there remain until the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds shall be payable to the said John Townley; And when the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds shall be payable to the said John Townley the said Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills shall be sold, and the Money which shall arise from the Sale thereof shall be paid to the Trustees of the British Museum, and be by them paid over to the said John Townley, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in the Discharge or Satisfaction of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds; and whatever the said Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills shall produce over and beyond the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, shall at the same time be paid with the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds to

80 Acts and Votes, &c.

the said John Townley, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in or towards discharge of the Interest which shall have accrued on the said Mortgage Debt of Thirty-six thousand Five hundred Pounds.

[non statute material removed.]

