A

COLLECTION

of

ACTS OF PARLIAMENT

NOW IN FORCE

RELATING TO THE PARISH OF

SAINT PAUL, COVENT GARDEN,

IN THE

LIBERTY OF WESTMINSTER;

TO WHICH IS PREFIXED,

SOME ACCOUNT OF ITS BEING MADE PAROCHIAL.

WITH A GENERAL INDEX TO THE SAME.

By JAMES CORDER,

VESTRY CLERK OF THE SAID PARISH.

“As therefore, every subject is interested in the preservation of the laws, it is incumbent upon every man to be acquainted with those, at least, with which he is immediately concerned; lest he incur the censure, as well as inconvenience, of living in society without knowing the obligations which it lays him under.”

Black. Com.

LONDON:

SHAW AND SONS, 137, FETTER-LANE,

Law Publishers.

1832.

ADVERTISEMENT.

In collecting the several Acts of Parliament now in force relating to the Parish, and affixing a general Index to the same for the Editor’s own convenience, it occurred to him that such a compilation might be found useful to his Fellow-Parishioners in general, and particularly those among them who are called upon to perform any of the Parochial or other Duties which those Acts comprise. With this view the Volume now offered has been arranged for publication; and having been carefully compared with the several Statutes, its accuracy may be confidently relied on. The few typographical errors which occur, although in themselves very unimportant, have been enumerated in the annexed corrigenda. Of the arrangement, it may be only necessary to observe, that the Acts are not placed in precise chronological order, but rather as they are connected with and have relation to each other, which it is hoped will be found more convenient for general reference.

Vestry Clerk's Office,

St. Paul, Covent Garden.

January, 1832.

CORRIGENDA.

Page 21, line 15, for “in case of any” read “in case any.”

— 22, line 48, for “their” read “there”

— 32, head line, for “VI.” read “IV.”

— 39, line 49, for “and” read “or.”

— 41, line 26, after “said” insert “book or.”

— 58, line 35, after “or” insert “of.”

— 71, line 30, for “Act” read “Acts.”

— 73, line 20, for “goverment” read “government.”

— 85, line 37, for “commissions” read “ commissioners.“

— 105, line 12, for “payment” read “pavement.”

— 120, line 13. for “or” read “of.”

— 113, line 33, for “Thall” read “That.”

— 117, line 13, for “futrher” read “further.”

CONTENTS.

Some Account of the formation of the Precinct of Covent Garden into a Parish - 5

12 Car. II.

An Act for making the Precinct of Covent Garden Parochial - 9

The Translation of the Patent of Covent Garden Market, granted by King Charles the Second - 14

51 Geo. III. c. 150.

An Act for amending an Act of King Charles the Second, for making the Precinct of Covent Garden Parochial; and for increasing the Stipends of the Rector, Curate, Clerk, and Sextons of the said Parish - 17

10 Geo. IV. c. 68.

An Act to repeal several Acts relating to the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex; and for making better Provision for the Regulation of the Affairs of the said Parish - 27

27 Eliz.

An Act for the good Government of the City and Borough of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex - 73

23 Geo. II.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto - 79

24 Geo. II.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that part of the Dutchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto; and for making the said Act more effectual - 91

26 Geo. III. c. 38.

An Act for regulating the time of the Imprisonment of Debtors imprisoned by Process from Courts instituted for the Recovery of Small Debts; for abolishing the Claim of Fees of Gaolers and others in the cases of such Imprisonment, and for ascertaining the Qualifications of the Commissioners - 95

29 Geo. II.

An Act for appointing a sufficient number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to compel proper persons to take upon them the office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances and other Offences, within the said City and Liberty - 99

31 Geo. II.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, An Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing a sufficient number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to compel proper persons to take upon them the office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances and other Offences within the said City and Liberty - 109

14 Geo. III. c 78.

An Act for the further and better Regulation of Buildings, and Party Walls; and for the more effectually preventing mischiefs by Fire, within the Cities of London and minster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places within the weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex; and for indemnifying under certain conditions Builders and other Persons against the Penalties to which they are, or may be liable for erecting Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, contrary to Law - 119

57 Geo. III. c. 19.

An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies - 125

1 & 2 Wm. IV. c. 76.

An Act for Regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals in the Cities of London and Westminster, and in certain Parts of the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, Essex, Hertfordshire, Buckinghamshire and Berkshire - 127

GENERAL INDEX - 129

SOME ACCOUNT

OF THE

FORMATION OF THE PRECINCT

of

COVENT GARDEN

INTO A PARISH.

The Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, originally formed a part of the adjoining Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields. A considerable portion of the site on which it stands was anciently an extensive garden belonging to the Abbot and Convent of Westminster with a Convent attached, whence it is probable it acquired the name of Convent Garden; which, with the trifling omission of one letter it continues to retain. On the dissolution of the Monasteries in the reign of Henry the Eighth, this garden devolved to the Crown; and in the year 1547, was conferred by Edward the Sixth on the Protector Somerset. Upon the attainder of that nobleman it reverted to the Crown; and on the 28th day of May 1552,* was, with some land adjacent, including seven acres of meadow ground on the north side thereof, called “The Long Acre,” granted by the King to John Earl of Bedford.

* Originalia, 6 Ed. VI. p. 1, Rot. 78.

6

The structure which occupied the site of the present Church was afterwards erected at the sole expence of Francis Earl of Bedford, as a chapel for the use of his tenants, and was much admired for its extreme beauty and simplicity. It was the design of the justly celebrated Inigo Jones, and was unfortunately destroyed by fire in the month of September 1796.

Some time prior to the year 1638, a difference arose between the Earl of Bedford and the Rev. William Bray, the Vicar of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, respecting the right of patronage of the “Chapel in Covent Garden,” and other matters connected therewith. And on the 6th of April in that year, a petition purporting to be signed “by the hands of above 100 of the Inhabitants of Covent Garden, near the Strond,”* praying “that the matters in difference between the parties might be soe heard and settled, that the said intended Church might forthwith be consecrated, and a preechinge Minister therein settled, with a competent constant provision,” was heard before the Privy Council sitting at Whitehall, in the presence of the Earl and the Vicar; when it was decided that the said “new-erected Church” should be a Chapel of Ease to the Mother Parish until the precinct of Covent Garden could be made parochial by legislative enactment. Certain “articles of agreement” were accordingly executed, bearing date the 26th day of September 1638, between the Right Honorable Francis Earl of Bedford and the Inhabitants of Covent Garden of the one part, and the Rev. William Bray, Vicar of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, and the Churchwardens and Parishioners of the same parish of the other part, whereby the limits and

* The passages in inverted commas are quotations from MSS. and ancient documents, with the original orthography retained.

7

boundaries of the “Chapellry of Covent Garden” were set forth and defined; and divers regulations were entered into for the government of the affairs of the same to remain in force “until the said Chapell should be by lawful authority erected into a parochiall Church.”

The misunderstanding between the Earl and the Vicar having been thus arranged, a formal “act of donation” of the Chapel, together with the plot of ground adjacent to the same as a burial ground for the use of the inhabitants of the Precinct of Covent Garden and of Bedford House* for ever, was also executed by his Lordship, on the 26th day of September 1638; and on the following day the same was consecrated in due form by William Juxon, Lord Bishop of London.

The passing of the Act of Parliament which it had been agreed should be obtained for creating the Precinct of Covent Garden a distinct parish, was unavoidably delayed by the unsettled state of the period which followed; but on the 7th of January 1645, an ordinance was passed by the Lords and Commons for that purpose, intituled, “An Ordinance of the Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament for making the Precinct of Covent Garden Parochiall, and for dividing the same from the Parish of Martin in the Fields upon several Articles and Conditions. Also for giving power to thirty-four Persons who are made Govemours of the said Parish to assesse and leavy Monys for the payment of two Ministers, and for other Parochiall uses, and to nominate Constables and

* This house is said to have stood until the year 1704, on the north side of the Strand; where, at present the lower end of Southampton Street is situated, with a garden behind, under the north wall of which the Market was originally held.

8

all other Officers of the said Parish;“ whereby the control of the affairs of the Parish was vested in thirty-four Governors therein named, amongst whom were several Persons of title and distinction; and the right to elect to all vacancies occasioned by the death or removal of any of the said Governors, was given to “the Householders Inhabitants within the said new erected Parish, or the major part of them.” This Ordinance, however, not having received the Royal Assent, and being on that and other accounts deemed to be an unconstitutional and illegal instrument, it was resolved, upon the restoration of Charles the Second, in the year 1660, to apply for an Act of Parliament, whereby the formation of the Precinct of Covent Garden into a Parish, should be fully and effectually accomplished. The first Act in the following Collection was accordingly passed, making the Precinct of Covent Garden Parochial, exempting it from all rates and claims of the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, and vesting the patronage of it, in William Earl of Bedford, his heirs, and assigns.

Thus a brief, but it is believed correct outline (drawn from the best and most authentic sources of information) of the separation of Covent Garden from St. Martin’s, and its ultimate formation into a distinct Parish, has been furnished, which it is hoped will not be considered an inappropriate introduction to the following collection. Of that collection it is not necessary to say more, than that a desire to render it useful to the authorities and inhabitants of the Parish to which it relates, has alone induced its publication.

ANNO DUODECIMO

CAROLI II. REGIS.

AN ACT

For making the Precinct of Covent Garden Parochial.

Whereas the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Bedford, deceased, did erect a Fabrick of a Church, for the Use of the Inhabitants within the Precinct of Covent Garden,

[Covent Garden Church erected by the Earl of Bedford.]

and did intend to settle a certain yearly Stipend, of One hundred Pounds per Annum, and a House then in the Tenure of William Russel, towards the Maintenance, and for the Habitation of a Minister, to officiate in the said Church: And whereas it is found necessary for the better Accommodation and Conveniency of the Inhabitants of the Precinct hereafter mentioned, that the same be made Parochial, and divided from the Parish of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields; and that a further Increase of Maintenance may be provided for an able Minister, as is hereafter expressed:

[Sect. 1.]

Be it therefore Enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, with the Advice and Consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled,

[The limits of Covent Garden Parish.]

That all that Precinct included within the Bounds and Limits hereafter expressed; that is to say, beginning at the Strand, at the East-end of the Messuage, called Bedford House; and including the said House, with all the Out-houses, Gardens, Yards, Buildings and Backsides thereunto belonging; and all those Houses within the narrow Bounds; that is to say, forty foot without the Brickwall, and all Houses, Edifices and Buildings, and Lands within the said Bounds and Precinct, bounded by the House of Humphrey Vaughan, in Russel-street, East, by the House of William Bard, in Shandois-street, West, by the House of William Crisby, in James-street, North, and by the House of Richard Trantom, in Bedford-street, South, be from henceforth for ever a distinct Parish of

10 12° CAROLI II.

itself, and be called by the name of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden; and that the said Precinct be divided and exempted from the said Parish of Saint Martin's, and from all Dependencies, Offices, Charges, Contributions for or in respect thereof; and from the Cure of the Rector and Vicar of the said Parish of Saint Mart and their respective Successors; and also discharged of all Tithes, Oblations, Obventions, Mortuaries, Easter-books, and all other Parochial Duties whatsoever: And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the said New-erected Church, within the said Precinct of the said Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, shall be the Parish Church for the said Precinct,

[The Patronage reserved to the Earl of Bedford.]

and that the Right Honourable William now Earl of Bedford, Son and Heir of the said Francis late Earl of Bedford, and his Heirs and Assigns for ever, shall have the Patronage of the said Church; and shall and may from time to time nominate, and present some fit Person to be Rector of the said Church, as often as the same shall become void; and that the Rector of the said Church, and his Successors, shall be Incorporate, and shall have Capacity and Succession by the Name of the Rector of the Parish Church of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, and shall have the Cure of Souls of the Inhabitants within the said Parish,

[The Rector’s House.]

and shall hold and enjoy to him and his Successors for ever, all that House in Covent Garden aforesaid, situate and being in James-street, late in the occupation of William Russel, Gentleman; now in the possession of Edward Bladen, Tailor.

[The Rector’s Salary from the Earl 100l.]

II. And be it further Enacted, That the said Rector and his Successors shall have one yearly Rent of One Hundred Pounds, to be issuing out of the several houses situate in Covent Garden aforesaid, late in the occupation of Sir Edmond Varney, knight, Sir Charles Gawdy, knight, and Sir Edward Sydenham, knight, and now in the occupation of Sir Edward Ford, knight, Sir Robert Bowles, baronet, and William Gape, apothecary, or their assigns, upon the four usual feasts or terms in the year, viz. the feast of the nativity of Saint John Baptist; Saint Michael the Arch-angel; the birth of our Lord God, and the annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, by even and equal portions: the first payment to begin at the feast of the nativity of Saint John Baptist, one thousand six hundred and sixty, with power to distrain for the said one hundred pounds per annum, or any part or parcel thereof, in or upon the said houses, or any of them, charged with the said rent as aforesaid; and also for twenty shillings in the name of a penalty, if the same be behind, or unpaid by the space of twenty-one days, next after any of the days aforesaid.

[The Earl of Bedford and Rector of the Parish, to name the Curate.]

III. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the Rector of the same Parish for the time being, shall and may, by and with the consent of the Patron of the said

12° CAROLI II. 11

church of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, from time to time, nominate some able minister to be a Curate Assistant to the said rector and his successors:

[Churchwardens, by whom and when to be elected.]

And for the further maintenance of the said rector, and for provision of the said curate, and other officers hereafter mentioned, belonging to the said church; Be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, that on every Tuesday in Easter week, there shall be three Churchwardens, and no more, named for the said Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden; one whereof shall be chosen by the said William Earl of Bedford, his heirs and assigns; another by the said rector and his successors, and a third by the inhabitants, householders of the said parish, or by the major number of them;

[A Pound Rate of 250l. per annum to be assessed on the Inhabitants.]

and that the yearly sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds shall from thenceforth be charged upon the houses of the Inhabitants of the said parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden,

[Bedford House excepted.]

(except the house commonly called Bedford House, with the appurtenances), and shall within twenty-eight days, next after the said Tuesday in Easter week, be assessed by the said churchwardens, or any two of them, after a Pound Rate, according to the improved value of the yearly rent of the respective houses of such inhabitants; which said assessments shall be confirmed and allowed by the two next justices of the peace, of and dwelling within the city of Westminster, and the liberties thereof, under their hands and seals, and be collected by the churchwardens aforesaid, or by such person or persons whom they shall appoint at the four usual feasts, or times of payment above mentioned.

IV. And it is further Enacted, by the authority aforesaid, that in case the said Sum be not paid in the manner aforesaid, after demand thereof made,

[And on Failure of Payment, to be levied by Distress.]

that then the said churchwardens, or any two of them, shall or may from time to time authorize any person or persons to levy the same by Distress, and sale of the goods of such persons as shall be so in arrear, returning the overplus, to the owner, or else recover the same in an action of debt, to be brought in the name of the said churchwardens, or any two of them, wherein no wager of law to be allowed to the defendants.

[The Rector's yearly Allowance 150l. The Curate’s 50l.]

V. And it is further Enacted, That the said churchwardens, or any two of them, shall, out of the monies so by them received, pay unto the said Rector, and his successors for the time being, the yearly sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds; and to the said Curate for the time being, the yearly sum of Fifty Pounds; the said sums to be paid to the said rector and curate, by even and equal portions, at the four usual feasts aforesaid, or within twenty-and-one days after.

VI. And it is further Enacted, That in case any default of payment happen of any the sums aforesaid, so, as aforesaid, to be paid by the said churchwardens for the time being, or any

12 12° CAROLI II.

---

Relief by two Justices to the Rector and Curate, in case of non-payment.

501,per annum allowed to the Clerk and two Sextons, who are to be nominated by the Earl and Rector.

two of them to the said rector or curate, and lawful demand being made by the said rector or curate respectively, at the dwelling-house of any of the said churchwardens for the time being, that then the two next Justices of the Peace, of and dwelling within the said city of , and the

liberties thereof, shall and may, upon the complaint of the party grieved in this behalf, give Relief according to the true intent of this Act; and shall or may cause the said churchwardens who shall fail to make payment as aforesaid, to be imprisoned till payment be made of what shall be so behind.

VII. And be it further Enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the residue of the monies to be yearly raised by assessments upon the inhabitants of the said parish of Saint , Cevent Garden, being Fifty Pounds, shall be employed by the.

said churchwardens, or any two of them, for wages and salaries, for a Clerk and two Sextons, to be yearly nominated by the aforesaid Earl of Bedford, his heirs and assigns, and by the said Rector for the time being; which said sum of fifty pounds shall be distributed according to the directions of him the said earl, his heirs or assigns, and of the said rector and his successors.

VIII. And it is further Enacted, by the authority aforesaid.

That if any person or persons have heretofore, by virtue of any authority, or any pretended authority whatsoever, received any sums of money heretofore assessed on any of the inhabitants of the said parish of Saint , Covent ,

or have in his hands any such sums not paid, that then it shall and may be lawful to, and for any two justices of the peace for the city and liberty of , to call such Person op

Persons to an Account; and in case they shall refuse or neglect to pay such Money as shall appear to the said two justices to be in the hands of such person or persons aforesaid, unaccounted for and unpaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said two justices to levy the same by distress, and in default of a distress to be taken, then to commit such person or persons to the common Gaol without bail or mainprize; which said monies shall be disposed of for the respective uses for which they were assessed.

IX. And be it further Enacted, by the authority aforesaid, be raised for That the sum of Three hundred and twelve Pounds, and ten the Minister, Shillings, shall in manner and form, and after the proportions Curate, &c. aforesaid, be assessed upon the said inhabitants of Saint , who have offi- Covent Garden, by the two next justices of the peace of the Thomas’sDay! an^ liberty of Westmin, and be levied, and be col-

lected by them, or any person or persons whom they shall appoint, for and towards, and in full satisfaction of a salary for the Minister, Curate, Clerk and Sextons, who have officiated in the said precinct since Saint Thomas's-day, one thousand six hundred fifty-nine, or shall officiate there until

Persons not accounting for Money received, to he committed to Prison.

12° CAROLI II. 13

Lady-day, one thousand six hundred sixty-one, to be distributed after such proportions as the said William Earl of Bedford shall direct.

X. And be it further Enacted, by the authority aforesaid,

That the said churchwardens, or any two of them, are hereby authorized to make Rates and Assessments upon the inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint PauCovent for the raising of monies from time to time for the payment of the Scavengers of the said parish, for cleansing of the streets of Scavengers’ the said parish; as also for the repairing and amending of the Rate» church belonging to the said parish, when need shall be; the

said rate and assessment to be made and allowed in manner as is before appointed for the raising of two hundred and fifty pounds a year aforesaid; and in case any of the said inhabitants of the said parish shall refuse or neglect to pay the said assessments, so from time to time assessed upon them, after demand made at their several houses; that then the said churchwardens, or any two of them; or any person or persons by them, or any two of them nominated or appointed, shall have power and authority, and are hereby authorized and empowered to levy all such assessments by Distress and Distress for sale of the goods of all or any of the inhabitants who shall non-payment, at any time refuse to pay the rates and assessments so assessed as aforesaid, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owners thereof.

XI. Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to

and for the overseers of the poor, and Surveyors for the High- Rates for the

ways of the said Parish of Saint Martin, and the church- Poor and

wardens of the parish of Saint Paul, Covent , to assess ways’

and collect of the inhabitants of the parish of Saint

Covent Garden, for the relief of the Poor, and reparation of

the Highways, all such Rates and Taxes as the overseers for the poor, and surveyors for the highways of Saint Martin's parish might have done before the making of this Act, any thing in this Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, and be it further Enacted, That nei- This Act not ther this Act, nor anything therein contained shall extend to to invalidate invalidate, or avoid any ecclesiastical law or constitution of any Ecclesias-the church of England, nor to destroy any of the rights or tic aw* powers belonging to the Bishop of London, or his successors; Right of Visi-but that he and they may now, and at all times hereafter visit, in institute, and exercise ecclesiastical jurisdiction in the said London.0 parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, as amply as he or they

may in other parishes within the diocese of London,

Jo. Brown, Clerk.

Parliamentorum.

THE

TRANSLATION OF THE PATENT

OF

COVENT GARDEN MARKET,

GRANTED BY

KING CHARLES THE SECOND.

CHARLES the SECOND, by the Grace of God of

Scotland, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

TO all whom these present Letters shall come, Greeting: Know ye, that we of our especial Grace, certain Knowledge, and mere Motion, have given, granted, and by these Presents, for us, our heirs and successors, do give and grant to our well-beloved and faithful cousin William Earl of Bedford, that he, his heirs and assigns, from henceforth for ever hereafter shall and may have, hold and keep a market within the parish of Saint Paul, Covent G, in our county of Middlesex, in a certain place there, commonly called the Piazza, near the church of St. Paul, Covent , extending from

the said church towards the east four hundred and twenty foot of assize, little more or less, and from the garden wall of the said earl, there towards the north, three hundred and sixteen foot of assize, little more or less, as well within the rails there, as without, every day in the week throughout the year, except Sundays, and the feast of the nativity of our Lord, for the buying and selling of all manner of fruit, flowers, roots, and herbs, whatsoever, and upon these days for ever; together with all liberties and free customs, tolls, stallage, pickage, and all other profits, advantages and emoluments whatsoever, to such market any way belonging, appertaining, arising or coming, or with the same used, held or enjoyed : to have, hold and enjoy the said market, and all and singular other the premises above by these presents granted, or mentioned to be granted to the said William Earl of Bed, his heirs and assigns,

12° CAROLI II. 15

to the only proper use and behoof of him the said earl his heirs and assigns for ever, and that without any account or other rent to be rendered, paid or done to us, our heirs or successors for the same: wherefore it is our will, and we do by these presents for us, our heirs and successors, command that the said earl, his heirs and assigns, by virtue of these presents shall and may well, freely, lawfully and quietly have, hold and keep for ever the market aforesaid, and all and singular other die premises aforesaid, according to the tenor and true intent of these our letters patent, without the molestation, disturbance, grievance or contradiction of us, our heirs or successors, or of any sheriffs, escheators, Bailiffs, officers or ministers of us, our heirs or successors, or of any other whatsoever, and without any warrant, writ or process from us, our heirs or successors, hereafter in that behalf to be procured or obtained; although no writ of ad quod damnum, in this behalf has issued, or any inquisition thereupon been taken or returned, or although express mention of the yearly value, or certainty of the premises, or any of them, or of any other gifts, or grants by us or any of our progenitors or predecessors to the said William Earl of Bedford, is not made in these presents, or any Statute, Act, Ordinance, Proclamation or Restriction, to the contrary heretofore had, made, set forth, ordained or provided, or any other cause, matter or thing, in anywise notwithstanding. In witness whereof we have caused these our Letters to be made Patent. Witness our self, at Westminster, the Twelfth day of May, in the twenty-second year of our reign.

ANNO QUINQUAGESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 150.

AN ACT

For amending an Act of King Charles the Second, for making the Precinct of Covent Garden Parochial; and for increasing the Stipends of the Rector, Curate, Clerk and Sextons, of the said Parish. [10£A , 1811.]

Whereas an Act was passed in the Twelfth Year of the c*x. j.

Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, “ An Act for making the Precinct of Covent Garden Parochial,” whereby it was, amongst other things, enacted, that the yearly Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds should from thenceforth be, and the same was thereby charged upon the Houses of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Paul,

Covent Garden, in the County of , (except the

House then commonly called Bedford , with the Appurtenances) for the Support and Benefit of the Rector, Curate,

Clerk, and Sextons for the time being of the said Parish:

And whereas, from the very great Advance in Price of the Articles of necessary Consumption, it is expedient that the said Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds should be increased; May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may The Charge of be enacted, and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent 2501. thereby Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords madein Favoor Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par- £ t® liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Charge of Two hundred and fifty Pounds shall cease and determine; and that all and every the Clauses, Powers and Provisions in

18 51° GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

the said Act contained, so far as the same respect the assessing and compelling payment of the said Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds (except as to any Arrears of the same Sum which shall, at or before the passing of this Act, have become due and payable) shall be, and the same are hereby repealed and declared to be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

520/. to be II. And be it further Enacted, That in lieu of the said Sum

raised annually of Two hundred and fifty Pounds, the yearly Sum of Five Curate, clerk*’ hundred and twenty Pounds shall, from the Twenty-fifth day and Sextons, of March next, before the passing of this Act, be, and the same is hereby charged upon all houses within the said parish of Saint Paul,Covent Ga, and shall, within fourteen days

next after the passing of this Act, and for ever after, yearly on the Twenty-fifth day of March, or within thirty-one days after in every year, be assessed and rated by the churchwardens of the said parish, or any two of them, after a Pound rate, according to the fair yearly rent or improved value of such houses respectively; and every such rate or assessment shall be confirmed and allowed by and under the hands and seals of two of His Majesty’s justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex, or city of Westminster; and all such rates and assessments shall be borne and paid by the respective occupiers of such houses respectively, and shall be paid to and be collected by such person or persons as they the said churchwardens, or any two of them, shall from time to time appoint, by quarterly payments, on the Twenty-fourth day of June, the Twenty-ninth day of September, the Twenty-fifth day of December, and the Twenty-fifth day of March in each and every year; all which monies to be collected by such rates and assessments so to be made as aforesaid, shall and are hereby declared to be vested in the said churchwardens in trust, to be applied by them for the purposes of this Act; and the said rates and assessments shall commence and take place from the said Twenty-fifth day of March last: Provided always, ihat it shall be lawful for the said churchwardens, or any two of them, and they are hereby required from time to time in making any rate or assessment by virtue of this Act, to assess and raise in addition to and in the same manner in every respect as the said sum of Five hundred and twenty Pounds, as much money as may be necessary for defraying the reasonable expences of making and collecting every such rate or assessment, and for making good any loss or deficiency which shall then have arisen from the insolvency of any collector or collectors of the said rates or otherwise: Provided also, and be it further enacted, that it shall be lawful for the said churchwardens, and they are hereby required in making any rate or assessment by virtue of this Act, to exclude out of the same such house as at the time of making such rate or assessment shall be actually occupied by the rector of the said parish for the time being.

51° GEORGII III. Cap. 150. 19

III. And be it further Enacted, That if any person or per- For Recovery sons liable to pay any of the said rates or assessments, shall

refuse or neglect to pay the sum or sums of money which shall by the authority and for the purposes of this Act be rated and assessed upon the house or houses in his, her or their occupation, or upon him, her or them in respect thereof, after demand made thereof at the premises, or shall at any time begin to remove his, her or their goods or furniture from such house or houses, or to sell or dispose of such goods or furniture therein, without paying all arrears of such rates or assessments then due (in which the current quarter shall be considered as due), then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for the churchwardens of the said parish for the time being, or any two of them, to authorize any person or persons whomsoever, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such person or persons or of the Goods and Chattels of any other person or persons which shall be found in the house or houses in respect whereof such rates or assessments shall be so in arrear, rendering the overplus, after deducting the reasonable charges of such distress and sale, to the owner or owners thereof upon demand.

IV. And be it further Enacted, That in case any person or For Recovery persons liable to pay any of the said rates or assessments,

shall quit his, her or their house or houses, before he, she or they shall have paid the rate or assessment, rates or assessments payable by virtue of this Act, in respect of such house or houses respectively, and shall refuse or neglect to pay the same after he, she or they shall have been personally, or by written notice left at his, her or their then present or then last place or places of abode, required to pay the same, then, and in any and every such case, it shall be lawful to and for the said churchwardens, or any two of them, by writing under their hands, to authorize, empower and direct any person or persons whomsoever, to levy such Rates or Assessments, and all arrears thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the person or persons so refusing or neglecting (such writing or writings being first countersigned by some magistrate of the county, city or liberty where such person or persons shall then reside, if he, she or they shall have quitted the said parish, and which such magistrate is hereby required to countersign without fee or reward, rendering the overplus, after deducting the reasonable charges of such distress and sale, to the owner or owners thereof upon demand.

V. And be it further Enacted, That no goods or chattels For Recovery whatever, belonging to any person or persons who shall be in of Raleg* arrear in respect of the rates and assessments to be made by

virtue of this Act, shall be sold or removed under or by virtue of any execution or other process, warrant or authority, or by virtue of any assignment, on any account or pretence

20 51° GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

Churchwardens may bring Actions for Rates.

Rector’s allow* ance 3201.

whatever, (except at the suit of the landlord for rent and for taxes due to the King’s Majesty), unless the party at whose suit the said execution or seizure shall be sued out or made, or to whom such assignment shall be made, shall, before the sale or removal of such goods or chattels, in case a claim of such arrears shall have been made by the collector or collectors of the said rates or assessments, of the person or persons having or keeping possession of such goods or chattels, pay or cause to be paid to such collector or collectors, all arrears of the said rates or assessments which shall then be due, and in which the current quarter shall be considered as due, provided the said rates or assessments shall not in the whole be claimed for more than one year; and in case the said rates or assessments shall be in arrear for more than one year, then the said party at whose instance such seizure shall have been made, paying the said collector or collectors the rates or assessments due for one whole year, may proceed in his seizure in the like manner as he might have done if no rates or assessments had been claimed; and in case of neglect or refusal to pay the said rates or assessments to the collector or collectors on demand, it shall be lawful for the said Churchwardens, or any two of them, by writing under their hands, to authorize and empower any person or persons whomsoever, to Distrain such Goods and Chattels notwithstanding any such seizure or assignment as aforesaid, and to proceed to the Sale thereof, in order to obtain Payment of all such rates or assessments, together with the reasonable expences attending such distress and sale; and every such person or persons so doing shall be indemnified by virtue of this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Churchwardens if they shall think it expedient, to bring or cause to be brought in the names of them or any two of them, any action or actions of debt, or special action on the case in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, for all or any of the Rates or assess-

ments which they are by this Act respectively authorized to make and assess; in which action or actions it shall be sufficient for the plaintiffs to declare that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiffs in such a sum of money as the plaintiffs shall suppose to be due; and if the plaintiffs shall recover such sum so declared for or any part thereof, they shall have full costs, to be levied and recovered as other monies upon judgments are now by law levied or recovered, in which action or actions no essoign, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

VII. And be it further Enacted, That the churchwardens of the said parish for the time being, or any two of them, shall out of the monies so to be raised and received, pay to the Rector of the said parish for the time being, the yearly sum of Three hundred and twenty Pounds; to the Curate of

51° GEORGII III. Cap. 150. 21

the said parish for the time being, the yearly sum of One Curate’s tool.

hundred Pounds; and to the Clerk and Sextons of the said Clerk and

parish for the time being, the yearly sum of One hundred Sextons 100 *

Pounds (such last mentioned sum of One hundred Pounds to

be distributed in the manner in which the salaries of the clerk

and sextons of the said parish are by the said recited Act

directed to be paid ;) the said several payments to be made to be id

by equal Quarterly payments, on the Twenty-fourth day of quarterly.

June, the Twenty-ninth day of September, the Twenty-fifth day of December, and the Twenty-fifth day of March in each and every year, or within thirty-one days after each of the said days respectively, the first payments to be made on such of the said days as shall first happen after the making of such rate or assessment.

VIII. And be it further Enacted, That in case of any default In case of Non-of payment shall happen to be made of any of the sums to be payment by paid by the said churchwardens for the time being, or any wa^ens Two two of them, to the said rector, curate, clerk or sextons as Justices’may aforesaid, demand in writing having been made thereof by relieve.

the said rector, curate, clerk or sextons respectively, at the dwelling-house of any of the said churchwardens for the time being, it shall be lawful for any two of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the county of Middlesex or city of Westminster, upon the complaint of the party aggrieved in this behalf, to give Relief according to the true intent of this Act; and the said justices shall and may cause the said Churchwardens who shall fail to make payment as aforesaid, to be imprisoned till payment shall be made of what shall be so behind and in arrear.

IX. And be it further Enacted, That it shall and may be Lodgers pay-lawful for any person or persons renting or occupying any

separate room or apartment, rooms or apartments, in any out of house in the said parish, who shall pay the rates or assess- Rent, ments, which ought to have been paid by his, her or their landlord or landlords, or upon whose goods and chattels the same shall be levied in pursuance of this Act, to deduct the same from and out of the rent due and payable, or to become due and payable to such landlord or landlords; and the receipt or receipts for such payments shall be a sufficient discharge to every such person or persons for so much money as he, she or they shall have so paid, or shall have been so levied on his, her or their goods and chattels in pursuance of this Act, and shall be allowed by such landlord or landlords in part or in full payment, as the case may be, of the Rent due or to become due to him, her or them from any such person or persons as aforesaid.

X. And be it further Enacted, That all and every collector Collector to and collectors to be appointed by virtue of this Act for the account, purposes aforesaid, shall from time to time, when thereunto

22

51° GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

required by the churchwardens for the time being of the said parish, or any two of them) produce the rate-books, and render a true, fair, perfect and particular account in writing under his or their hand or hands to the said churchwardens, or to any two of them, of all the monies which he or they shall have received, collected or levied by virtue of this Act, and verify such accounts, and every item and article thereof on oath if required, (which oath the said churchwardens and each of them are, and is hereby empowered to administer) and shall pay over to the said churchwardens all such sum and sums of money as shall have been by him or them so received, collected or levied, and in case any such collector or collectors shall refuse or wilfully neglect to produce such books, or to render such accounts, or to verify the same, and every item and article thereof on oath, or to make such payments as aforesaid, and complaint shall be made by the said churchwardens, or any or either of them, of any such refusal or neglect as aforesaid, to any justice of the peace for the city of Westminster or county of Middles, such justice is hereby empowered to summon the collector or collectors against whom such complaint shall be made, to appear before him, and upon his or their appearing or non-appearing, the service of such summons being proved by the oath of any credible witness (which oath such justice is hereby empowered to administer) to hear and determine the matter of such complaint in a summary way; and if upon the confession of the collector or collectors against whom such complaint shall be made, or by the oath of any credible witness, it shall appear to such justice that any of the money which shall have been received, collected or levied by virtue of this Act, shall be due from such collector or collectors, the said justice may, upon non-payment thereof, within such reasonable time as he may appoint, by warrant under his hand and seal, cause such money to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such collector or collectors, rendering the overplus (if any) to such collector or collectors upon demand, after deducting the reasonable charges of such distress and sale; and if sufficient goods and chattels of such collector or collectors cannot be found to answer and satisfy such money, and the charges of levying and raising the same, or if such collector or collectors shall not appear before the said justice at the time and place appointed by such summons, and it shall in manner aforesaid appear to such justice, that such collector or collectors shall have refused or wilfully neglected to render such account or to verify the same as aforesaid, the said justice is hereby authorized, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause such collector or collectors to be committed to the county gaol, their to remain without bail or mainprize until he shall have produced such books, and delivered in his account, and verified the same as aforesaid, and shall have paid all monies which shall have been by him or them received,

. collected or levied by virtue of this Act, and which shall

51° GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

23

appear to be in his or their hands, and the charges attending the recovery thereof, or shall have compounded with the said churchwardens for the same, which composition the said churchwardens are hereby empowered to make and receive:

Provided always. That no such collector or collectors who shall be committed for want of sufficient distress shall be detained or confined in prison for any longer term than six calendar months: Provided also. That if any money shall remain due from such collector or collectors, the commitment of him or them to prison as aforesaid, shall not be deemed a discharge for the same, nor exonerate his or their surety or sureties, but such collector or collectors, and his or their surety and sureties shall still remain liable to the payment thereof, and may be proceeded against, arrested or taken in execution in the same manner as if such collector or collectors had not been originally committed to prison.

XI. And be it further Enacted, That the Books of Rates Hate- Books be to be made in pursuance of this Act, and all entries made admitted as therein, or examined copies thereof, or extracts therefrom Evidence, respectively, shall be received as Evidence of the rates imposed by virtue of this Act, and of the payment of such rates,

or such of them, or such part thereof, as shall by such entries appear to have been paid.

XII. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That if Appeal, any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any

rate or assessment which shall be made in pursuance of this Act (he or she having first paid the said rate or assessment), or if any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any other matter or thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such person may appeal to the justices at any General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the county of Middlesex, within three calendar months next

after the cause of complaint shall have arisen, such appellant first giving ten days notice at the least in writing of his, or her intention to make such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the vestry clerk of the said parish; and within four days after such notice, entering into a recognizance before some justice of the peace for the said county, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal, and abide the order of and pay such costs as shall be awarded against him or her by the justices at such sessions; and the justices at such sessions shall hear and finally determine the cause and matter of such appeal in a summary way, and award such costs to the party appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper, and their determination therein shall be final, binding, and con-elusive to all parties, to all intents and purposes; and it shall be lawful for such justices, by warrant under the hands and 9eals of any two or more of them, to cause the costs which shall be so awarded to be levied by Distress and Sale of the goods and chattels of the party or parties liable to pay the

24

51° GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

same, rendering the overplus (if any) upon demand, to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels, after deducting the reasonable charges of such distress and sale.

Justices may

XIII. And be it further Enacted, That on any appeal from

amend Rates, any rate or rates, assessment or assessments to be made for the purposes of this Act, the justices at such General or General Quarter Sessions shall and may amend the same if they shall so think proper, in such manner as may be necessary for giving relief to the person or persons aggrieved, without quashing or altering such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, with respect to any other person or persons mentioned in the same; but if upon appeal from the whole Rate or Rates, assessment or assessments, it shall be found necessary to set aside the same, then, and in such case, the said justices shall and may order a new Rate or Rates, assessment or assessments to be made by the said churchwardens, or any two of them, in manner aforesaid.

Rates or XIV. And be it further Enacted, That no Rate or Assessment

Proceedings any proceeding to be had touching any order made, or nuashed^or other matter or thing to be done or transacted in or relating Want of Form, to any complaint or appeal, or any order or determination or removed by thereon in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated Certiorari. for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable into

any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record by Certiorari or any other writ or process whatsoever; any law, statute or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Distress not unlawful for Want of Form.

XV. And be it further Enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, on account of any defect or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the party or parties distraining be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, ab initio y on account of any irregularity which shall afterwards be done by the party or parties distraining; but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity, may recover full satisfaction for the special damage only in an Action on the Case.

Plaintiff shall not recover after Tender of sufficient Amends.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That no Plaintiff shall recover in any action for any irregularity, trespass or wrongful proceedings, made or committed in execution of this Act, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the behalf of the party or parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such irregularity, trespass or wrongful proceedings, before such action brought; and in case no such tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any such action, by leave of the court where such action shall depend, at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he or they

5 1° GEORGII III. Cap. 15Q.

25

shall see fit, whereupon such proceedings, or order and judgment shall be had, made or given by such court as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XVII. And be it further Enacted, That no Action or Suit Limitation of shall be commenced or brought against any person or persons Actions.

for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, or of any of the powers hereby given, or anyways in relation to the premises, until twenty-one days notice shall have been thereof given in writing to the vestry clerk of the said parish, or after sufficient satisfaction or tender of amends shall have been made to the party aggrieved, or after three calendar months next after the cause of action shall have arisen; and every such action or suit shall be brought and tried in the county of ,

and not elsewhere, and the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit, shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if the same shall appear to be so done; or if such action or suit shall be brought before twenty-one days’ notice shall be given as aforesaid, or after sufficient satisfaction or tender of amends shall have been made as aforesaid, or after the time hereinbefore limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or shall discontinue his, her or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, then the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have such remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in other cases of law.

XVIII. And be it further Enacted, That in all actions. Inhabitants prosecutions, informations, causes and proceedings whatsoever, Jj^c/ Ve EvI" relating to or concerning the execution of this Act, no person

residing within the said parish shall be disqualified from giving Evidence, by reason of such person being charged with or being liable to pay any rate or assessment by virtue of this Act,

XIX. And whereas by the said Act of His late Majesty Further Rent

King Charles the Second, a perpetual yearly payment to the to the

Rector of the said parish and his successors, of the sum of

One hundred Pounds, was Charged on certain houses in Covent Garden in the said Parish, then in the several occupations of Sir Edward Ford, knight, Sir Robert , baronet, and William Gape. apothecary, or their assigns: And whereas * the said houses are now the estate of the most noble John Duke of Bedford, and he is desirous that the same and certain other houses of him the said duke, situate in Covent Garden

D

26

51° GEORGII III. Cap.

Saving as to farther Rent Charge.

Public Act.

aforesaid, and which, together with the houses so charged by the said Act, form the piazza in Covent Garden aforesaid, which extends from Russell-street to King-street, may be charged with the payment of a further yearly sum of Eighty Pounds to the said rector and his successors for the time being, for the better support and maintenance of the said rector and his successors: Be it therefore further Enacted, That the said rector and his successors shall for ever hereafter have and be entitled to an additional yearly sum of Eighty Pounds, to be issuing out of and charged upon all and singular the houses charged by the said recited Act with the payment of the said yearly sum of One hundred Pounds, and also out of and upon all other the houses in Covent Garden aforesaid now forming the Piazza there, which extends from Russell-street aforesaid to King-street aforesaid, to be pipd and payable to the said rector and his successors quarterly, on the several days of payment whereon the said sum of One hundred Pounds is by the said Act made payable; and that the first quarterly payment thereof shall be made on the Twenty-fourth day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and that the said rector and his successors shall have all such powers and remedies for the recovery of the said additional yearly sum of Eighty Pounds, as by the said recited Act are given and provided for the recovery of the said therein mentioned yearly sum of One hundred Pounds.

XX. Saving always, in respect of such additional yearly sum of Eighty Pounds, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, and all and every other person and persons, bodies politic or corporate, his, her and their respective heirs, successors, executors, administrators and assigns, (other than and except the said John Duke of Bedford, his heirs and assigns,) all such estate, right, title and interest of, in, to and out of the said houses by this Act Charged with the said additional yearly sum of Eighty Pounds, as they, every or any of them had or enjoyed previously to the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

XXI. And be it further Enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

ANNO DECIMO

GEORGII IV. REGIS.

Cap. 68.

AN ACT

To repeal several Acts relating to the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex; and for making better Provision for the Regulation of the Affairs of the said Parish. [22 May 1829.]

Whereas an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the g

Reign of King George the Second, intituled, “An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, within the Liberties of the City of WestminsterAnd whereas another Act

was passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His late

Majesty King George the Third, intituled, “ An Act to enable 15 g. 3. c# 50,

* the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden,

“ in the County of Middlesex, to purchase or hire a convenient * Piece of Ground for the Purpose of erecting a Workhouse “ thereon for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of “ the said Parish: and for providing an additional Burial “ Ground for the Use of the said ParishAnd whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty Third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled, “ An Act for better 23 g. 3. c. 43. “ paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint Paul “ Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster, and “ certain Places adjoining thereto, and for removing and “ preventing Nuisances and Annoyances thereinAnd whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-eight Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled, “An Act for 38 G. 3. c. 83.

d 2

28

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

“ repairing the Church of the Parish of Saint Paul Covent “ Garden in the County of Middlesex; for repairing and “ improving the Gates and Avenues leading to the said “ Church; and for removing the present Watch-house, and “ providing another for the Use of the said ParishAnd whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of 29 G. 3. c. 30. the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled, “An Act to “ amend and enlarge the powers of an Act passed in the last “ Session of Parliament, intituled, “ * An Act for repairing “ ‘ the Ohurch of the Parish of Saint Paul Covent ,

“ ‘ in the County of Middlesex; for repairing and improving “ ‘ the Gates and Avenues leading to the said Church; and “ * for removing the present Watch-house, and providing “ ‘ another for the Use of the said ParishAnd whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His 36 G. 3. c. 65. said late Majesty, intituled, “ An Act for rebuilding the “ Parish Church of Saint Paul Covent , within the

“ Liberty of Westminster in the Comity of , and

“ the Vestry Rooms belonging thereto; for repairing and “ reinstating the Iron Rails inclosing the Scite of the said “ Church, and the Gates leading thereto; and for making several regulations relating to the said ParishAnd whereas some of the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts have proved insufficient for the Purposes for which they were designed; and it is therefore expedient that more effectual Provisions should be granted and made for the Purposes of such Acts, and that the execution of the said Acts should be vested in and exercised by the Vestry of the said Parish, or by a Committee of Management to be elected by such vestry, and that Provision shall be made for the Regulation of the said Vestry and Committee, and for the Appointment of Officers, and for the making of Rates, and for the general Controul and Management of the Affairs of the said Parish: And whereas it would facilitate the Execution of the Objects' herein-before mentioned if the said recited Acts were repealed, and other Powers and Provisions were granted and made instead thereof: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be Enacted; and be it Enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said several Acts herein-before recited shall he and they are hereby repealed.

Recited Acts repealed.

Rates and Monies due under former Acts may be recovered by Committee Men for executing this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That all Rates and Assessments which before the passing of this Act shall have been duly and legally made, and all fines and penalties which shall have been incurred, and all contracts which shall have been entered into respectively, under or by virtue of the said former Acts hereby repealed or any of them, and all rates and assessments made for the relief of the poor

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

29

of the said parish, and all other monies due to the said parish, and which shall respectively remain uncollected or unpaid or be in existence and unperformed at the time of the passing of this Act, shall and maybe collected, recovered and enforced by the committee of management for executing this Act, to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, in the same manner and by the same ways and means as if such rates and assessments had been made, and as if such fines and penalties had been incurred, and as if such contracts had been entered into under or by virtue of this Act; and all Treasurers, Officers, and other persons who at the time of the passing of this Act shall former Acts to have in their possession any Money documents or effects be- account to the longing to the trustees, commissioners, or persons appointed Committee, for executing the said former Acts, or any of them, and to the overseers of the poor of the said parish, shall be liable to account for and deliver up all such money, documents and effects to the committee of management for executing this Act, in the same manner and subject to the same process, pains, and penalties for refusal or neglect, as if such treasurers, officers, or persons had been appointed by the committee of management for executing this Act; and ail other persons who shall at the time of the passing of this Act owe or hereafter owe any money to the trustees, commissioners, or other persons appointed for executing the said former Acts, or any of them, for or in respect of any matter or thing affecting or relating to any such Acts, and to the said overseers for or on account of the said rates or assessments for the relief of the poor of the said parish, and all persons that now do or hereafter shall owe any money to the said parish, shall be liable to the payment of such money to the committee of management for executing this Act; and in case of refusal or neglect to pay the same shall be subject to the provisions of this Act for the recovery thereof, as if such money had become due under this Act.

III. And be it further Enacted, That all Bonds, Mort- £™3"ce*’ gages, Assignments, Annuities, Grants, Conveyances, Leases fo^er Acts and other securities made or granted to or by any person or declared valid, persons, body or bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, or any other persons whomsoever, acting by virtue of or under the authority of the said several Acts hereby repealed, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the said several recited Acts had not been repealed.

IV. Provided also, and be it further Enacted, That this This Act made Act, and the rates hereby granted, shall be and the same are Sunder* hereby made liable to the payment of all monies which at the former Acta, time of the passing of this Act are or shall be due and owing on the credit of the said former Acts, or any of them, and of all interest due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if such monies had

30

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

become due on the credit of this Act; and that the payment of all annuities granted under the said former Acts, or any of them, and of the interest which may grow due thereon, may be enforced with the same powers and remedies in respect of the rates hereby granted as heretofore in respect of any rate or rates granted under the said former Acts or any of them, and shall be chargeable on all the rates granted under this Act.

Hooks under V. Provided also, and be it further Enacted, That all Books former Acts to kept for registering mortgages, annuities, or transfers thereof^ be Evidence, and all entries therein, and all books containing the accounts and proceedings of the trustees, commissioners, or other persons as aforesaid, under the said former Acts, kept according to the directions or provisions of such Acts, anti made Evidence thereby, shall be admitted in evidence in all courts, and by all judges, justices, and others.

No Vestry VI, And be it further Enacted, That from and after the held but in the P*88*11# l^8 Act no Vestry Meeting shall be held within

Vestry Room the said Parish for any of the purposes of this Act, except in of the said the vestry adjoining the parish church, or in such other place Parish. as the vestry meeting shall agree to adjourn to, such place

not being the said Parish Church.

No Vestry VII. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That no heldmileM ^estlT be held for any of the purposes of this Act, public Notice unless Notice thereof, signed by the churchwardens for the thereof be time being of the said parish, or by any one of them, shall affixed on the have been affixed upon the Doors of the Church of the said Church Doors. par jg^ specifying the time and purpose of such vestry meeting, on the Sunday preceding the day when such vestry meeting shall be required to be called, as hereinafter mentioned, which notice the said churchwardens, or one of them, are hereby required to sign and cause to be affixed as aforesaid, on receiving a requisition, signed by any five or more of the rated householders of the said Parish, under a penalty for refusal or wilful neglect of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by any person or persons who shall sue for the same, together with full costs of suit, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; nor unless notice thereof^ signed as aforesaid, shall also have been read in the said church by the clerk of such church, or the person then acting for him, immediately after the morning and evening prayers on the Sunday next before such intended vestry (which notices such clerk is hereby required to read, or to cause to be read as aforesaid); and such vestry shall not be held until three clear days after such last-mentioned notice.

Regulating VIII. And be it further Enacted, That at all Vestries of the Meetings at said parish the rector, if present, shall be the chairman, but

Vestries. if he shall be absent, then the majority of the vestrymen

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

31

present at any such vestry shall appoint a chairman by show of hands, which appointment shall be conclusive; and all questions, matters, and things proposed in such vestries shall in the first instance be determined by a majority of the vestrymen present at such vestry by show of hands, and such determination shall be final and conclusive, unless a division shall be demanded, as herein-after mentioned : Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any three of the vestrymen present at such vestry to demand a ballot on any question before such vestry, connected with and for the election of officers or other persons which the said vestrymen are by this Act authorized to elect, which ballot shall thereupon be granted, each vestryman having one vote and no more, and shall be commenced on the next day (not being Sunday), and if the next day shall be a Sunday, then on the day following, and be continued from eleven o’clock in the forenoon until four o’clock in the afternoon, and shall be resumed on the succeeding day (not being Sunday), and if the succeeding day shall be a Sunday, then on the day following, and continued during the same hours, when it shall finally close, and the election be determined.

IX. And be it further Enacted, That from and after the Qualification of passing of this Act all persons resident or not resident within Electors.

the said parish, who shall for the space of three months have been assessed and rated in the poor rate books of the said parish to the relief of the poor thereof, to the amount or value of Twenty Pounds per annum, and shall have actually paid the rates, provided the same shall have been demanded, therein charged or imposed for or in respect of any land, ground, messuage, house, shop, warehouse, tenement, hereditament, or other premises within such parish, (and no other persons), shall be electors of the committee of Management, and of auditors and assessors of the said parish for the purposes of this Act.

X. And be it further Enacted, That the vestrymen of the Appointment

said parish, qualified as herein-before mentioned, shall and Coaanti^e ii • * a * • i « | | Mciii Auditors,

may assemble in the vestry room of the said parish on the

second Thursday after the passing of this Act, at twelve o’clock at noon, and at such Meeting, or at some adjournment thereof, the majority of the vestrymen so assembled shall nominate and appoint not exceeding twenty-seven householders, qualified as herein-after mentioned, resident in the said parish, (exclusive of and in addition to the rector, churchwardens, and overseers of the poor of the said parish for the time being, who are hereby declared to be Committee Men by virtue of their said respective offices), to be committee men for the purposes of this Act, and such committee men and their successors, to be elected as herein-after mentioned, together with the said rector, churchwardens, and overseers of the poor for the time being, shall be and are hereby de-

32

10° GEORG1I VI. Ca». 08.

No Person to vote at Elections who shall occupy Houses compounded for, or who shall have been excused Payment of Rates, &c.

Committee Men to be elected annually.

dared to be the committee for carrying this Act into execution, and such twenty-seven committee men shall continue in office until the twenty-fifth day of March next after the passing of this Act, or until others shall be appointed in the place of such of them as shall go out of office, as herein-after mentioned.

XI. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That no person shall be entitled to vote or to be present at any meeting for the election of committee men, auditors, or assessors of the said Parish who shall inhabit any house, tenement, or premises which are either compounded for by the landlord or owner thereof, or for which the landlord or owner thereof shall be rated to the poor rates of the said Parish, or who shall within three months next before the occasion upon which such person shall claim to exercise such right of Election have been excused payment of his, her, or their Rates on the score of poverty, or who shall within that time have received parochial relief, or who shall be in arrear for six months in the payment of any poor rate or assessment after it shall have been made, provided the same shall have been demanded.

XII. And be it further Enacted, That the said vestrymen shall and they are hereby required to assemble in the vestry room of the said Parish on the Twenty-fifth day of March, or within fourteen days afterwards, in each and every year, and then and there to elect twenty-seven persons to be Committee Men for the yeacr ensuing: Provided always, that the chairman at the vestry meeting to be held on the Twenty-fifth day of March in the year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty, or within fourteen days then after, shall immediately previous to such election cause the names of the twenty-seven elected committee men going out of office to be written on separate slips of paper and placed in a box, and shall draw out therefrom nine of such slips of paper, and the persons whose names shall be written on such slips shall be ineligible to be re-elected as committee men for the space of two years; and the names of such committee men as shall then be newly elected, provided they are not all newly elected, shall be placed at the top of the list of committee men; and on the Twenty-fifth day of March in each and every year, or within fourteen days next after the said Twenty-fifth day of March, the nine persons whose names shall stand last on the list of elected committee men, then going out of office, shall be ineligible to be re-elected as committee men for the space of two years; and the names of such committee men as shall from time to time be newly elected, provided that they are not all newly elected, shall be placed at the top of the said list of committee men; provided further, that if on any annual day of election after the first annual day of election the whole of the committee men shall be newly elected, the chairman for the time being on every then sue-

10® GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

33

ceeding annual day of election, as often as that shall be the case, shall pursue, and he is hereby directed to pursue, the same mode of procedure as is herein-before directed to be pursued on the Twenty-fifth day of March in the year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty, or within fourteen days then after, for determining which nine of the committee men going out of office shall be ineligible; and after such mode of procedure shall have been pursued by such chairman, such nine committee men whose names shall be written on separate slips of paper, and drawn from a box as herein-before directed, are hereby declared to and shall from time to time be ineligible to be re-elected for the space of two years then next following; and upon every annual day of election a list shall be made by the vestry clerk at the time of such election of the committee men then elected, and such list shall be signed by the chairman for the time being at such meeting, and shall be entered in the book or books in which the proceedings of such vestry shall be entered.

XIII. And be it further Enacted, That no person (excepting Qualification the said rector, churchwardens, and overseers of the poor of of Cramm-the said Parish for the time being,) shall be capable of acting Auditors and as a Committee Man, Auditor, or Assessor in the execution of Assessors, this Act, unless he shall be the occupier of a house, lands, tenements, or hereditaments within the said Parish of the annual value of fifty Pounds or upwards, and unless he shall be so rated in the poor rate books of the said Parish to the relief of the poor thereof; nor shall any person (except as aforesaid,) be capable of acting as such committee man, auditor, or assessor, who shall be an inspector, surveyor of taxes, surveyor of pavements, assessor, collector, or receiver of any taxes, or who shall hold any office or place of profit, or be concerned or interested in any contract made under or by virtue of this Act, nor in any case wherein he shall be personally interested in the matter in question, except as a creditor on the rates by this Act granted; nor shall any person hold the offices of committee man, and auditor or assessor, or of auditor and assessor, at one and the same time: Provided always, that no justice of the peace shall be disqualified from acting as such justice in the execution of this Act by reason only of his being one of the committee men, auditors, or assessors for executing this Act, or of being an inhabitant within the said Parish, or of being rated or liable to be rated to any of the rates or assessments by this Act authorized; and if any person not being qualified as aforesaid, or being disqualified by any of the causes mentioned in this Act, (except as aforesaid,) shall act as a committee man, auditor, or assessor in the execution of this Act, he shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of One hundred Pounds, together with costs of suit, to any person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record; and every person so prosecuted, or against whom any

34

10” GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

Committee Men, Auditors, and Assessors to take Oaths.

Oath.

First Meeting of Committee Men.

such action shall be brought, shall prove that he was at the time of acting qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said penalty, without any other proof given on the part of the plaintiff or prosecutor than that such person has acted as a committee man, or auditor or assessor, in the execution of this act; provided that all acts and proceedings of any person so acting as a committee man, or auditor or assessor, in the execution of this Act, and not being qualified, or being disqualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding such conviction* be as valid and effectual as if such person had been qualified according to the directions of this Act.

XIV. And be it further Enacted, That no person (except the rector, churchwardens, and overseers of the poor for the time being of the said Parish,) shall be capable of acting as a Committee Man, Auditor, or Assessor in the execution of this Act, (except in administering the oath or affirmation hereinafter mentioned,) until he shall, at a meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, have taken or made and subscribed an oath or affirmation to the following effect:

4t I, A.B. do swear, [or affirm,] That I am a Householder “ or Occupier of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments “ within the Parish of Saint Paul Covent , in the

“ City of Westminster, of the annual Value of Fifty Pounds “ or upwards; and that I will faithfully and impartially* “ according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute “ the Powers and Authorities reposed in me as a Committee Man [or Auditor or Assessor, as the case may “ be~] by virtue of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the “ Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled “ [here set forth the Title of this Act].

So help me God.” [Or, being a Quaker, omit these Words.']

XV. And be it further Enacted, That the said Committee

Men shall meet together in the vestry room of the said Parish within fourteen days after their being so elected, between the hours of ten and eleven of the clock in the forenoon, and shall then anYl there proceed in the execution of this Act; and in case no committee man, or less than five committee men eJiall attend at such meeting, the same shall be deemed to- be adjourned to the next day, and so toties ,until a suf-

ficient number of committee men shall attend at such meqting to act in the execution of this Act; and the said committee men may at such meeting, and at all their several meetings, from time to time adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet again as they shall from time to time appoint, provided that no such adjournment shall be made for a longer space of time than one calendar month; and if at any such meeting there shall not appear a sufficient number of committee men to act or adjourn, or appearing shall not adjourn such meeting, the

10* GEORGI1 IV. Cap. 68.

35

clerk to the said committee men shall and may from time to time (as often as die case shall happen) adjourn such meeting to some other day within seven days then next following, to be held at the same place; and the said clerk shall cause notice of such adjournment to be given at least two days previous to the day to which such meeting shall be adjourned.

XVI. And be it further Enacted, That all orders and proceedings of the said Committee Men in the execution of this Act shall be made and taken at Meetings to be held in pursuance hereof, and not otherwise, (except in cases hereby otherwise particularly provided for,) and no, order or proceeding shall be made or taken unless the majority of the committee men present at the respective meetings shall concur therein; and all orders and proceedings which are hereby directed to he made or taken by or before the said committee men, and all the powers and authorities hereby vested in them generally, shall and may be made and taken by the majority of the committee men who shall be present at such respective meetings, the whole number of committee men present at every such meeting not being less than twelve for the purpose of borrowing money or making contracts, and not being less than five in any other case (except in cases where any other number is by this Act named for any particlar purpose); and all orders and proceedings made or taken by or before such five or twelve committee men (or other number as hereinbefore mentioned, as the case may require,) shall have the same force and effect, and be as binding and conclusive on all persons, and to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been made or taken by or before all the said committee men; and at every meeting of the said committee the rector of the said Parish, if present, may act as chairman, and if he shall not be present, or shall decline to act as chairman, then one of the committee men present shall be appointed chairman, and the chairman, in case of an equal number of votes (including such chairman’s vote), shall have the casting or decisive vote; and no order or proceeding at any meeting of the said committee men once made or taken shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent meeting, unless notice of the intention to propose the revocation or alteration thereof shall have been given at a previous meeting held pursuant to the directions of this Act, and shall have been entered in the book of the proceedings of the said committee men, and unless notice thereof, signed by any five or more committee men, shall have also been given seven days at least before such subsequent meeting, nor unless such revocation or alteration shall be resolved by a greater number of committee men than were present when such order or proceeding was made or taken.

XVII. And be it further Enacted, That if after any adjournment of any Meeting of the said committee men it shall on any emergency be thought necessary that a meeting should

£ 2

Orders of Committee Men to be made at Meetings.

Meetings on Emergencies.

36

10» GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

Proceedings of Committee Men to be entered in Books, which shall be Evidence and which shallbe open to Inspection.

Officers to be appointed*

be held on an earlier day than the day to which such meeting shall have been adjourned, it shall be lawful for any two or more of the said committee men, or for their clerk, by an order in writing signed by any two or more of them, although not assembled at a public meeting under this Act, to appoint such earlier meeting by notice in writing, mentioning the time, place, and object of such meeting, such time not being less than three days after the day of giving the notice of such earlier meeting; and all orders and proceedings of the committee men at such earlier meeting relating to the particular subject on which such meeting shall be called shall be as valid as they would have been in case such committee men had met in pursuance of any adjournment; and such earlier meeting may be adjourned to and be held at such time and place as the said committee men shall think proper, in the same manner as any other meeting under this Act may be adjourned.

XVIII. And be it further Enacted, That the said Committee Men shall cause to be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and proper entries to be made therein of the names of the several committee men who shall attend the respective meetings, and of all orders and proceedings made or taken relative to the execution of this Act; and the chairman of every meeting of the said committee men shall subscribe his name at the end of the proceedings of the said committee men at such meeting; and all such books, and also the book or books kept for registering mortgages of the rates and annuities, or transfers thereof, as herein-after mentioned, shall be admitted in Evidence in all courts and upon all occasions whatsoever; and all such books, and also all books provided under the said former Acts hereby repealed, and by this Act authorized to be received in evidence, as herein-before mentioned, shall at all reasonable times be open to the inspection of the said committee men, and of any person rated or assessed for the purposes of this Act, and of any creditor on the rates, without fee or reward; and the said committee men, persons, and creditors, or any of them, shall and may take copies of or extracts from such books respectively, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the clerk to the said committee men, or other person having the care of such books, shall refuse to permit, or shall not permit the said committee men, or such persons or creditors, to inspect the same, or to take such copies or extracts as aforesaid, such clerk or other person shall forfeit and pay any sum of money not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such offence.

XIX. And be it further Enacted, That the said vestrymen may from time to time, at any of their meetings, elect and appoint all such Officers, medical and other attendants, servants and persons, (excepting beadles and watchmen,) as they shall think proper for carrying this Act into execution; and also may from time to time suspend or displace such officers,

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

37

medical and other attendants, servants and persons, (except as aforesaid,) or any of them,* and appoint others in the room of those suspended or displaced; and out of the monies to be received under this Act may pay such salaries or allowances to the said officers, medical and other attendants, servants or other persons, as they shall think reasonable; and the said committee men shall and they are hereby required to take sufficient security from every treasurer, collector, or other receiver of money, to be appointed under this Act, for the faithful execution of his office, and may also take such security from any other officer as they shall think reasonable.

XX. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That the Officers ap-clerk and treasurer (if appointed consistently with the provisions of this Act in reference to the offices of clerk and trea- to continue in

surer,) and every other officer or person appointed under or office, unless

employed in the execution of the former Acts hereby repealed, removed by

shall hold and enjoy their respective offices and employments Vestrymen.

until removed therefrom by the said Vestrymen; and every such officer or person shall have the same powers, privileges, and advantages in the execution of this Act, and shall be liable to the same penalties, restrictions, and regulations in every respect, as if he had been appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That it Offices of shall not be lawful for the said committee men to continue Clerk and or appoint the person who has been or who may be aP* tob^held pointed their Clerk in the execution of this Act, or the 8°me peersolJ partner of such clerk, or the clerk or other person in the

service or employ of such clerk, or of his partner, to be the Treasurer for the purposes of this Act, or to continue or appoint the person who has been or who may be appointed treasurer, or the partner of such treasurer, or the clerk or other person in the service or employ of such treasurer or of his partner, to be the clerk for all die purposes of this Act: and if any person shall accept both the offices of clerk and treasurer for the purposes of this Act, or if any person, being the partner of such clerk, or the clerk or other person in the service or employ of such clerk, shall accept the office of treasurer, or shall act as deputy of such treasurer, or in any manner officiate for such treasurer, or being the partner of such treasurer, or the clerk or other person in the service or employ of such treasurer or of his partner, shall accept the office of clerk in the execution of this Act, or shall act as deputy of such clerk, or in any manner officiate for such clerk, or if any such treasurer shall hold any place of profit or trust under this Act other than that of treasurer, every person so offending shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of One Hundred Pounds to any person who shall sue for the same, together with full costs of suit.

Le

38

10“ GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

Officers to Account.

XXII. And be it further Enacted, That every such Officer or person so continued or appointed by virtue of this Act shall in such manner, and at such times as the said committee men shall direct, deliver to the said committee men, or to such person as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in writing of all matters and things committed to his charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all monies which shall have been by such officer or person received by virtue of this Act, and such account shall state how much thereof shall have been disbursed, and the objects of such disbursements, together with proper vouchers for such payments; and every such officer or person shall pay all such monies as shall remain due from him to the treasurer for the time being for the purposes of this Act, or to such other person as the said committee men shall appoint to receive the same; and if such officer or person shall refuse or wilfully neglect to render such account, or to deliver up or to produce the vouchers relating to the same, or to make payment as aforesaid, or to deliver to the said committee men, or to such person as they shall appoint to receive the same, within seven days after being thereunto required by notice in writing given to or left at the last or usual place of abode of such officer or person, all books, papers and writings in his custody or power relating to the execution of this Act, or to give satisfaction to the said committee men, or to such other person as aforesaid, respecting the same, then and in every such case, upon complaint made by the said committee men as aforesaid, or by such person as they shall appoint for that purpose, of any such refusal or neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the county of Middlesex, such justice may and is hereby required to issue a summons under his hand and seal, for the officer or person so refusing or neglecting to appear before him, and upon the said officer or person appearing, or having been so summoned and not appearing, without some reasonable excuse, or not being found, it shall be lawful for such justice and he is hereby required to hear and determine the matter in a summary way; and if upon confession of the party, or by the testimony of any credible witness, upon oath or affirmation, it shall appear to such justice that any monies remain due from such officer or person, such justice may and is hereby required, upon non-payment thereof, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause such money to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such officer or person; and if sufficient goods or chattels of such officer or person shall not be found to answer and satisfy such money, and the charges of such distress and sale, or if it shall appear to such justice that such officer or person has refused or wilfully neglected to render such accounts, or to deliver up or produce the vouchers relating thereto, or that any books, papers, or writings relating to the execution of this Act remain in his custody or power, and that he refuses or wilfully neglects to

IQ0 GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

39

deliver the same, or to give satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in every such case such justice shall and he is hereby required to commit such offender to the common gaol or House of Correction for the county, city, or place where such offender shall be or reside, there to remain without bail or mainprize until he shall have paid such money as aforesaid, or have compounded with the said committee men for such money, and have paid such composition in such manner as they shall appoint, (which composition the said committee men are hereby empowered to make and receive,) or until he shall have rendered such account, or have delivered up or produced the vouchers relating thereto, or until he shall have delivered up or produced such books, papers, and writings, or have given satisfaction in respect thereof to the said committee men or other person as aforesaid; but no such offender shall be detained in prison by virtue of this Act for any longer space of time than three calendar months for want of sufficient distress only : Provided always, that no prosecution or commitment under the provisions of this Act of any treasurer, clerk, collector, or other officer or person to be appointed under the powers of this Act, shall acquit or discharge any surety or security that shall or may have been taken by or given to the said committee men, for the due and faithful execution of his or their office, or the payment of the monies received or to be received by him or them respectively.

XXIII. And be it further Enacted, That in case of the Recoveiy of death of any such officer or other person to be continued or Books, &c. appointed as aforesaid, or of his becoming bankrupt before he

shall have delivered up all books, papers, writings, and deceased8 ° other things concerning his office, or relating to the execution Officers, &c. of this Act, the executors or administrators of such officer or person, or the assignees of his estate and effects, or other persons possessing the same, or in whom the same has or have been vested, shall deliver up to the said committee men, or to any person appointed by them, all such books, papers, writings, and other things; and in case of the nondelivery thereof for the space of seven days after demand made thereof, it shall be lawful for the said committee men to proceed in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster against such executors, administrators, assignees, or other persons possessing the estate and effects which did belong to such deceased or bankrupt officer or person, for the recovery of damages for the nondelivery of such books, papers, writings, and things, together with full costs of suit.

XXIV. And be it further Enacted, That the said Com- Committee

mittee Men may sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in Men may the Name of their Clerk for the time being, or in the name of Name^of

any of the said committee men; and all actions and pro- their Cler£ cecdings which may be necessary to be brought or instituted

40

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

For appointing

temporary

Officers.

for or in respect of any matter or thing arising out of or relating to this Act, may be brought or instituted in the name of their clerk, or in the name of any of the'said committee men; and no action or proceeding which may be brought or instituted by or against the said committee men by virtue of or on account of this Act shall abate or be discontinued by the death, suspension, or removal of such clerk, or by the death of such committeeman, or by any act or default of such clerk or committee man done or suffered without the consent or direction of the said committee men, but such clerk or committee man as aforesaid shall be deemed plaintiff or defendant in any such action or proceeding (as the case may be), except in the cases of actions or proceedings between the said committee men and their clerk for the time being: Provided always, that in all cases in which the clerk for the time being, or any committee man as aforesaid, shall be the plaintiff or defendant on the record in any action or proceeding in which, in effect, the said committee men shall be suing or be sued in the name of such clerk, or of such committee man as aforesaid, such clerk or such committee man as aforesaid may and shall (if not otherwise interested or objectionable) be a good and competent witness in such action or proceeding, either for or against the said committee men; and all affidavits of debt or service which may be necessary to be made in reference to any such action or proceeding shall and may be lawfully made by such clerk or such committee man (as the case may be), notwithstanding he shall be nominal plaintiff or defendant on the record as aforesaid: Provided also, that every clerk or committee man in whose name any action or proceeding shall be instituted or defended as aforesaid shall always be reimbursed, out of the monies to be received by virtue of this Act, all such costs, damages, and expences as he shall incur or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made’ plaintiff or defendant, and shall not be personally answerable or liable for the same, unless such action or proceeding shall arise in consequence of his own wilful neglect or default, or have been instituted or defended without the order or direction of the said committee men.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That as often as any collector or receiver of the money to be received by virtue of this Act, shall die, or become incapable of acting in the execution of this Act, or shall neglect to perform his duty therein, it shall be lawful for the said committee men, by any writing under their hands, to appoint another person in his place or stead, until a collector or receiver, or other officer as aforesaid, shall be appointed by the said vestrymen, at a meeting to be held pursuant to this Act, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and such temporary officer shall be subject to all the provisions of this Act, in the same manner as if he had been appointed by the committee men at a meeting held pursuant to this Act.

fc'tSHkr

&*Z/ ’ZOtZd^ ^fj

v^5? ^4^--cw

/5».

fay 01 win 1 sore Mbe uthec jfthis J aid cot ay otl toy, In anpioyi am of

m

mitts Bookr Accom adiiis Act, a such bookc itspec person trediti ait! Jsalo eitrac *itho

*. »till

inoks topei orcn or to other acei

X

die I

eomi

fair

*i

toen

the

k

rate

diii

to,

Jcc

of

firi

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

41

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That Penalty on if any Officer or other person employed by the said committee

men in the execution of this Act shall demand or accept any n es* fee or emolument, other than such salary or allowance as shall be prescribed by the said committee men or vestrymen, as the case may be, for doing any thing under the authority of this Act, or for forbearing to do any thing directed by the said committee men under the authority of this Act, or on any other account whatever relative to his employment or duty, he shall immediately become incapable of ever being employed under this Act, and shall also forfeit and pay the sum of Ten Pounds for every such offence.

XXVII. And be it further Enacted, That the said com- Books to be mittee men shall and they are hereby required, to cause a provided for Book or Books to be provided and kept, and true and regular Accounts. Accounts to be entered therein of all sums of money received

and disbursed for or on account, or under or by virtue of this Act, and of the several articles, matters, and things for which such sums of money shall have been so disbursed; which book or books shall at all seasonable times be open to the inspection of the said committee men, and of any person or persons paying the rates hereby authorized, and of any creditor or creditors on the same, without fee or reward; and the said committee men, and persons and creditors as aforesaid, or any of them, shall or may take copies of or extracts from the said books, or any part or parts thereof, without paying any thing for the same; and in case the clerk to the said committee men or other person with whom such books shall remain shall, on any reasonable demand, refuse to permit or shall not permit the said committee men, persons or creditors, or any of them, to inspect the said book or books, or to take such copies or extracts as aforesaid, such clerk or other person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds for every such offence.

XXVIII. And be it further Enacted, That an Abstract of Abstract o the Accounts of all monies received and disbursed by the said A 40 ba committee men in pursuance of this Act shall yearly, within J^nually. fourteen days after the same shall have been audited in manner in this Act mentioned, be made out by the said committee

men, and be printed and published by affixion to the door of the church of the said parish; and a printed copy of such abstract shall be delivered to all persons liable to any of the rates by this Act granted, without such persons paying any thing for the same, and which copies the said clerk is hereby required to cause to be printed, published, and distributed Accordingly.

XXIX. And be it further Enacted, That the Vestrymen Vestrymen t« of the said parish shall and may meet and assemble on the ej.eJt auditors first day of September next after the passing of this Act, or 0 Accounts.

42

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

Flection of Overseers of the Poor.

within seven days after, and on the twelfth day of April in each and every then succeeding year, or within seven days after, and the vestrymen so assembled, or the major part of them so assembled, shall and may elect five persons to be Auditors of the Accounts of the said committee men; and the auditors so to he elected on the said first day of September, or within seven days after, or any three or more of them, shall meet on the tenth day of April or within fourteen days afterwards, in the year one thousand eight hundred and thirty, in the vestry room of the said parish, and proceed to audit the accounts of the said committee men in the presence of the clerk to the said committee men, (who is hereby required to attend when required by such auditors), from the time that such committee men shall have begun to act as such up to the day of election of such committee men then next preceding such meeting of the said auditors; and on the twenty-first day of April in each and every subsequent year, or within fourteen days after, the auditors to be nominated on the then preceding day of their election shall in like manner meet and audit the accounts of the said committee men for the year preceding; and the said committee men are hereby required by their clerk to produce and lay before the said auditors at every such meeting a true and just statement or account in writing, accompanied with proper vouchers, of all money which have come to the hands of such committee men, or of their treasurer, by virtue of this Act, and also of all monies paid, laid out, or expended by them during the said period in the execution of this Act; and in case the said auditors, or three of them present at any such meeting, shall think there is just cause to disapprove of any of the accounts so to be presented, it shall be lawful for them to appeal against the same within the time and subject to the regulations and provisions herein-after mentioned in respect to appeal against rates to he made in pursuance of this Act; and all such accounts shall be left at the vestry room for the examination of the said auditors, fifty successive days after the said day of election, of such committee men in each year, and shall afterwards remain at the office of the clerk of the said committee men for the inspection and examination of any of the said vestrymen, and of any creditor on the rates by this Act granted.

XXX. And be it further Enacted, That on the twenty-fifth day of March in every year, unless that day shall be Sunday, and then on the day following, the vestrymen of the said parish shall assemble in vestry, and shall and may elect eight fit and proper persons, being inhabitants of the said parish, to be Overseers of the Poor of the said parish, and the names of the persons so elected shall be returned to any two or more Justices of the Peace for the county of Middlesex resident in or near the said parish; and out of such names the said justices or any two of them, shall nominate and appoint two persons to be overseers; and the overseers so appointed

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

43

shall be overseers of the poor of the said parish for the year next ensuing, and shall within three days after such nomination, and notice thereof given or left at their respective places of abode, take such office upon them, upon pain of forfeiting and paying the sum of Twenty Founds; and in case of any such refusal or neglect, or of the death or removal oyit of the parish of any of the said overseers, any two justices for the said county residing in or near the said parish may and are hereby required to nominate out of such list as aforesaid, some other fit person to the said office in the place of the person so dying, removing, refusing, or neglecting as aforesaid; and every person so nominated in the room of such person shall take such office or duty upon him, upon pain of forfeiting and paying the like sum of Twenty Pounds for any such refusal or neglect; all which said forfeitures shall be paid to such persons as the committee men shall direct, or as shall have been appointed to receive the monies raised under this Act for the relief of the poor of the said parish, and shall be applied in aid of the rates for the relief of such poor, any law, statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that no person who shall have filled the said office of overseer, or who shall have paid the said forfeiture, shall be required again to take upon him the said office in any future year, unless he shall have become liable in the regular rotation a«ain to fill the said office; provided further, that such overseers shall have no power to make any poor rate or assessment for the said parish, but that every such poor rate or assessment shall be made as herein-after directed, and be collected and expended in such manner, not inconsistent with or repugnant to the terms of this Act as the committee men from time to time shall direct.

XXXI. And be it further Enacted, That at the second Vestrymen to meeting of the said Vestrymen after the passing of this Act, el©ct Assessors or at some adjournment thereof, the vestrymen assembled shall appoint two inhabitants of the said parish as Assessors of the said parish, and such assessors, and their successors to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, are hereby empowered and required to survey the several houses, tenements, hereditaments, and other premises of what description soever within the said parish, and once or oftener in each year to assess the same fairly and equally, according to their best skill and judgment, at the annual value thereof for the time being, and to present such assessment to the meeting of the said vestrymen, which shall then next follow: Provided always, that such assessors to be elected at the second meeting of the said vestrymen, or at any adjournment thereof as hereinbefore mentioned, shall continue in office until the twenty-fifth day of March which shall take place in the year next following, when two other inhabitants shall be elected for the year ensuing, and so in like manner two inhabitants shall be

*2

44

Committee Men, Churchwardens, Assessors, and Auditors to defray their own Expences, unless Vestrymen shall allow any Sum for that Purpose

Lands, Materials, &c. vested in Committee Men.

In what Manner Committee Men shall he described in Proceedings at Law.

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 6&.

elected on each succeeding twenty*fifth day of March, or on the day following, provided the twenty-fifth day of March shall fall on a Sunday, to continue in office for one year: Provided always, that the said two persons, or either of them, so going out of office on any annual day of election, shall be eligible to be immediately re-elected an assessor or assessors for the purposes of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further Enacted, That at all meetings of the said Committee Men, or of the Churchwardens, Overseers, Assessors, and Auditors of the said Parish, the said committee men, churchwardens, overseers, assessors, and auditors respectively present at such meetings, shall pay and defray their own Expences, unless the Vestrymen of the said parish shall allow any sum or sums of money to be expended out of the monies to be raised by virtue of this Act at any of such meetings; and a list of all such sums as shall be allowed by the said vestrymen shall be signed by the vestry clerk of the said parish, and be kept affixed in some public part of the vestry room of the said parish.

XXXIII. And be it further Enacted, That all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, Furniture, Watch-boxes, Stands, Posts, Lamp Irons, Lamps, Stones, Materials, and all other property purchased, provided, or obtained under or by virtue of the said former Acts hereby repealed, and all property or materials, articles, matters, and things which may hereafter be purchased or provided for the purposes of this Act, shall be vested in the said Committee Men and their Successors, except where otherwise regulated by any contract with the said committee men; and the said committee men arc hereby empowered to cause actions to be brought and bills of indictment to be preferred against any person who shall steal or detain or destroy or injure any part or parts thereof.

XXXIV. And be it further Enacted, That in all cases of actions or bills of indictment or other proceedings for stealing, detaining, or withholding possession of, injuring or destroying any materials or property by this Act vested in the said Committee Men, or for selling or unlawfully pawning or making away with, or for buying or unlawfully receiving, any such materials or property, or for embezzling or unlawfully applying or disposing of any monies, notes, bonds, securities or other property or effects whatsoever of or belonging to the said committee men, or for or in repect of any offence whatsoever touching or relating to the same respectively, it shall be sufficient to state generally in such actions, indictment, or other proceeding, that such materials or property, monies, notes, bonds, securities, or effects, is or are the property of “ The Committee of Management of the Affairs of the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the county of Middlesex*1 without mentioning or specifying the name or names of all or

L»

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

any of the said committee men, which description of the said committee men shall also be sufficient for all the purposes of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further Enacted, That when and so often Committee as any action or proceeding shall be brought or instituted by Men may or against the said Committee Men for any thing done or sup-

posed to be done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful, as well for the said committee men as for all persons with whom the said committee men shall have any such dispute, to compound such Action or Proceeding, without bringing the same to trial.

XXXVI. And be it further Enacted, That it shall be lawful Useless

for the said committee men from time to time to sell and dis- - Articles, &e. pose of all or any of the Articles, Matters, or Things, by this ® ^IS’

Act vested in them which shall become useless, to such persons P

and in such manner as the said committee men shall think proper, and to apply the money to arise thereby towards the purposes of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further Enacted, That it shall be Committee lawful for the said Committee Men from time to time to enter

into any Contract with any person or party for the per- ™ac^# °n~ formance of all or of any of the works hereby authorized to be done: Provided always, that every such contract shall specify the several works to be done, and the prices to be paid for the same, and the periods within which such works are to be completed, and the penalties to be suffered in case of nonperformance thereof, and shall be signed by five or more of the said committee men, and also by the person, or be sealed •with the seal of the body, contracting to perform such works respectively; and all such contracts shall be entered in a book to be kept for that purpose by the clerk to the committee men: Provided also, that in case any such contract shall amount to the sum of One Hundred Pounds or upwards, notice shall be given immediately before or after divine service in the church, and in two or more of the public papers published in London or Westminster, of the intention of entering into such contract, and of the time when and place where the same is intended to be considered, fourteen days at least before the day of meeting for entering into the same; and the said committee men shall and they are hereby required to take security from every such contractor for the due performance of his contract; and in case the same shall not be duly performed according to the true intent and meaning of such contract, the said committee men shall and may bring any action at law or suit in equity against the party so neglecting to perform such contract, for any injury or loss sustained on account of the nonperformance thereof; and upon proving the signing of the said contract, or the affixing of the common seal thereto, (as the case may be ) and

L.

46

10» GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

Committee Men may compound for Breaches of Contracts.

Pavements.

57 G. 3. c.

Committee empowered to establish a Watch and Patrol.

the nonperformance thereof, the said committee men shall recover such penalty or damage as may be awarded, with full costs of suit.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Committee Men to compound and agree with any person or party against whom the said committee men shall bring any action or suit for any penalty incurred by or on account of any Breach or nonperformance of any Contract entered into under this Act, for such sum as they shall think proper, so as the sum compounded for be not less than the injury sustained by the breach or nonperforraanoe of such contract, and the costs and expences occasioned by such breach or nonperformance.

XXXIX. And be it further Enacted, That the controul of the Pavements of the said parish shall be and is hereby vested in the said committee men; and the several streets, lanes, courts, ways, passages, and places within the said parish, shall from time to time be paved, repaired, improved, and regulated by the said committee men, by and under and according to the powers and provisions of an act passed in the Fifty-seventh year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled, “ An Act for better paving, improving, “ and regulating the Streets of the Metropolis, and removing u and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein.”

XL. And be it further Enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said committee men, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time to cause the said streets, lanes, courts, ways, passages, and places, or such of them as they shall think fit, to be properly watched, and for that purpose to appoint such a number of able-bodied men as they shall consider necessary to be employed as beadles, watchmen, and patrol, and to make such orders, and to establish such regulations, in relation to the government and duties of such beadles, watchmen, and patrol, and to pay them such wages, and to make them such allowances, as the said committee men shall from time to time think proper; and also to suspend or displace such beadles, watchmen, or patrol, or any of them, and to appoint others in their places; and also to provide proper watch-boxes and watch-houses, or places for the reception of such beadles, watchmen, and patrol, and for the safe custody of persons who may be apprehended by them; and every beadle, watchman, or patrol who shall be guilty of neglect or misbehaviour in his office shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty Shillings; and the said committee men are hereby further authorized to give such rewards as they shall think fit to any beadle, watch man, or patrol, or person assisting them, who may be disabled or wounded in the execution of his duty.

10” GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

47

4

XLI. And be it further Enacted, ‘That it shall be lawful Duty of for such beadles, watchmen, or patrol, and they are hereby Watchmen, required, on their respective stations, to apprehend and detain in some proper place of security to be for that purpose provided as aforesaid, or elsewhere in the meanwhile, all felons, malefactors, rogues, vagabonds, vagrants, idle or disorderly persons, disturbers of the public peace, prostitutes, night-walkers, and suspected persons who shall be found misbehaving or wandering, and to convey all such persons as soon as conveniently may be before some Justice of the Peace, to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

XLII. And be it further Enacted, That it shall be lawful Committee for the said Committee Men to cause the several Streets, Lanes, MeJ e“P<^v* Courts, Ways, Passages, and Places within the said parish, or g^ee^ such of diem, as they shall from time to time think proper, ’ to be well and sufficiently lighted, at such times, and in such manner as they shall direct; and it shall be lawful for the said Committee Men to provide and set up lamps and other apparatus and works necessary for the purposes of such lighting, and also to affix, carry, or place any such lamps or works to, upon, or against any buildings or premises, and to alter or remove and repair the same in such manner as shall from time to time become necessary.

XLIII; Provided also, and be it further Enacted, That Committee nothing herein contained shall authorise or empower the said Men not to Committee Men to erect any Gasometer or other works for erect Gaso" making or supplying gas,or to authorise the said Committee SSwPipes; Men, or any persons whomsoever, making or supplying gas, into private to carry or fix any pipe or other thing for the conveyance Premises with-of gas against, through, or into any private buildings or pre- out consent, mises within the said parish, or so to continue the same, without the special consent and authority of the owner and occupier of every such building or premises.

XLIV. And be it further Enacted, That all Pipes and Gas Pipes to other Conduits to be laid for the conveyance of Gas in or he,laid at a under any of the said streets, lanes, courts, ways, passages, or places in the said parish, shall be so laid at the greatest prac- r p ticable distance, and, whenever the width of the carriageway will allow thereof, at the distance of four feet at least from the nearest part of any Water Pipe already laid down or hereafter to be laid down for the conveyance of water in or under any of the said streets, lanes, courts, ways, passages, or places, except where it shall be unavoidably necessary to lay any gas pipes across any water pipe, in which case such gas pipe shall be laid above such water pipe at the greatest practicable distance therefrom, and shall form therewith a right angle, and in such case the length of the said gas pipe so crossing the said water pipe shall always exceed nine feet, in order that no joint of the said gas pipe may be nearer to any part of the said

48

10° GfcORGII IV. Cap. 68.

water pipe than four feet'; and in laying down such gas pipes the person laying the same shall in no case join two or more gas pipes together previously to their being laid in the trench, but shall lay each pipe as near as may be in its place in the trench, and shall then in such trench properly form and complete the jointing with the other pipes to be connected therewith; and shall also make and keep air-tight all such pipes, and all pipes connected or communicating therewith, and all the screws, joints or openings therein respectively, and in every respect prevent the said gas from escaping therefrom, or from any part thereof, upon pain of forfeiting for every default the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered, with full costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

For preventing XLV. And be it further Enacted, That whenever any Gas the Escape of shall be found to escape from any of the Pipes which shall Gas. have been laid down or set up by any Company of Proprietors,

body politic or corporate, or other persons whomsoever, making or supplying any gas used, burnt, or consumed within the limits of this Act, such company, body, or other persons shall, immediately after notice given to them or any of them, in writing, of any such escape of gas, by any person whomsoever, cause the most speedy and effectual measures to be taken to stop and to prevent the further escape of such gas; and in case any such company, body, or other persons shall not, within twenty-four hours next after such notice given effectually stop and prevent any further escape of such gas, and satisfactorily remove the cause of complaint, then and in every such case such company, body, or other person as afore* said shaft, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds for each day, after the expiration of twenty-four hours from the time of giving such notice, during which such gas shall be suffered to escape; which penalty shall from time to time be recoverable in a summary way, on die oath or affirmation of any credible witness, before some Justice of the Peace, and shall and may be levied, with all reasonable charges, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the said company, body, or other persons as aforesaid.

To prevent XLVI. And be it further Enacted, That whenever the

Contamination Water of any Waterworks supplying with water the limits of of Water by this Act, or the water in any well or pond within such limits,

®as* shaft be contaminated or affected by the Gas of any Company

of Proprietors, body politic or corporate, or other persons whomsoever, making or supplying any Gas used, burnt, or consumed within the said limits, such company, body, or other persons as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered, with costs of suit, in the same manner as any other penalty may be recovered under this Act, and the same shall be paid or applied to and for the use and benefit of the owners or proprietors of such waterworks,

100 GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

49

or of the persons owning or using the water of such well or pond as aforesaid, and suing for the same; and the said company, body, or other persons as aforesaid, shall also, within twenty-four hours next after notice of such contamination in writing, signed by the treasurer or clerk for the time being to or by any member of any company, or by other the owners or proprietors of any waterworks, or by any other person interested in or using any water so contaminated, to be left at the usual office or place of transacting business of the said company or body, or at the last or usual place of abode of such other persons so making or supplying gas as aforesaid, cause measures to be taken effectually to prevent the gas from further escaping from their works, and contaminating such water; and in case the said company, body, or other persons as aforesaid, shall not, within twenty-four hours next after such notice, effectually prevent the gas from further escaping, and satisfactorily remove the cause of the complaint whereof notice shall have been given as aforesaid, then and in every such case the said company, body, or other persons as aforesaid, shaft, on each and every such complaint, forfeit and pay, over and above the before-mentioned penalty of Twenty Pounds, the sum of Five Pounds for each and every day during which such water shaft be and remain contaminated by any such gas; to be recovered, with costs of suit, in the same manner as any other penalty may be recovered under this Act; and the same shall be paid and applied to and for the use and benefit of the owners or proprietors of such waterworks, or of the persons using or owning the water of such well or pond as aforesaid, and suing for the same.

XLVII. And whereas it may become matter of question, For ascer-upon such complaint as aforesaid, whether the said Water be taining if tlio contaminated by the gas of the said company of proprietors, con‘

body politic or corporate, or other persons, making or supplying any gas used, burnt, or consumed within the said limits; Be it therefore Enacted,That in every such case it shaft be lawful for the owners or proprietors of such waterworks, or for the persons interested in such weft or pond, to dig to and about and search and examine the works and apparatus of the said company, body, or other persons as aforesaid, for the purpose of ascertaining whether such contamination proceed from or be occasioned by the gas of the said company, body, or other person; and if it shaft appear that the said water has been contaminated by the gas of the said company, body, or other persons, the costs and expences of such examination, and of the repair of the pavement or surface of the street or place which shall have been disturbed by such examination, shaft be defrayed by the said company, body, or other persons; and such costs and expences shall be determined, if necessary, by the justice before whom the matter shall be heard, and be recovered in like manner as any penalty may be recovered under this Act: Provided always,

o

50

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

that if upon such examination it shall appear that such contamination has not arisen from such gas, the person making complaint of such contamination shall defray the costs and expences of such examination and repairs, and shall also make good to the said company, body, or other persons as aforesaid, any loss or damage which may be occasioned to the works of such company, body, or other persons in or by such examination, the amount of such loss or damage to be determined, if necessary, by such justice as aforesaid.

Penalty on suffering Liquids produced by Manufacture of Gas to flow into Streams, &c.

XLVIII. And be it further Enacted, That if any company of proprietors, body politic or corporate, or any other persons malting or supplying any gas used, burnt, or consumed within the limits of this Act, shall at any time empty or convey, or cause or knowingly and willingly suffer to be emptied or conveyed, or to run or flow, any washings or other liquids, substances, or things whatsoever, which shall be used in or be produced by or from the Manufacture of Gas, or in the employment of any gas works, into any river, stream, reservoir, aqueduct, canal, pond, springhead, or well, or shall commit any annoyance or act whatsoever to the water contained in any such river, stream, reservoir, aqueduct, canal, pond, springhead, or well, whereby such water shall or may be contaminated or corrupted, the said company, body, or other persons shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with full costs of suit, to any person who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, by action of debt or on the case, or by bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed: Provided always, that no such penalty or forfeiture shall be recoverable unless the same shall be sued for within twelve calendar months after the time when such annoyance or act shall have ceased; provided also, that in addition to the said penalty of Two Hundred Pounds, and whether such penalty shall or shall not be sued for or recovered, in case any of the said washings or other waste liquids, substances, or things shall be emptied or conveyed, or be suffered to run or flow in manner aforesaid, into any river, stream, reservoir, aqueduct, canal, pond, springhead, or well, or any such annoyance or act shall be committed as aforesaid, and notice thereof in writing shall have been given by any person to the said company, body, or other persons as aforesaid, and such company, body, or other persons shall not, within twenty-four hours after such notice, prevent the further continuance of such of the causes of complaint as shall be expressed in such notice, the said company, body, or other persons, as the case may be, shall forfeit and pay the sum of Twenty Pounds for each day such cause of complaint shall continue; and any Justice of the Peace, upon conviction of the offender before him upon the oath or affirmation of any credible witnesses; shall and may, by warrant under his hand

10 GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

51

and seal, cause the said penalty, and also the costs attending such conviction, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender; which penalty, when recovered, shall, at the discretion of the said justice, either be paid to the informer or to the person who in the judgment of the said justice shall have sustained any annoyance, loss, or damage by any such cause of complaint as aforesaid.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That Act not to nothing in this Act contained shall. extend to protect any protect Fer-company, body politic or corporate, or other persons, making or supplying any Gas used, burnt, or consumed within the g

limits of this Act, or any of the servants, officers, or workmen iudicted for of such company, body, or other persons, from any indictment a Nuisance, or prosecution for a public or private Nuisance, in respect of any gas works, or of the means which shall be employed in making or using such gas, or from any action for. any loss or damage sustained by reason of such gas works, or of the making or using of such gas, whether such loss or damage shall proceed from the preparation or from the use of such gas, or from the method of lighting therewith, or from the carelessness or want of skill of any of the persons employed therein, or from any other cause whatsoever connected therewith or relating thereto.

L. And be it further Enacted, That if any person shall Penalty on wilfully destroy, displace, or otherwise damage any Lamp wilfully which shall have been greeted by or which shall belong to damaging the said committee men, or any person with whom they may amjp8’ contract for the lighting of any of the streets, lanes, passages, or places within the said parish, or any post, iron cover, or furniture thereof or appurtenance thereto, or shall wilfully extinguish the light of or in any such lamp, or prevent any lighter employed under this Act from either lighting or extinguishing such lamp, or shall mischievously relight any such lamp after the same shall have been extinguished by such lighter, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, upon complaint on oath of any such offence having been so com-, mitted, to issue his warrant for the apprehension of the offender; and it shall also be lawful for any person who shall see such offence committed, and without such warrant as aforesaid, to apprehend, and also for any other person to assist in apprehending, such offender, and to deliver him into the custody of a constable or other peace officer, in order to his being conveyed before some Justice of the Peace; and every justice before whom such offender shall be brought shall and he is hereby required to examine upon oath any witness who shall be produced to give evidence touching such offence; and if the offender shall be thereof lawfully convicted, either upon his own confession or upon such evidence as aforesaid, he shall for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum not

g 2

52

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

Satisfaction to be made for accidental Damage to Lamps, &c.

Committee Men empowered to purchase Furniture for maintaining, &c.the Poor.

Spirits not to be conveyed into Work-house.

Pews to be let by Committee Men.

exceeding Forty Shillings, and shall also make full satisfaction for the damage done.

LI. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That if any person shall carelessly or accidentally destroy, displace, or otherwise damage any such lamp as aforesaid, or die post, iron, cover, or other furniture thereof or appurtenance thereto, and shall not, upon demand, make satisfaction for the damage done, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby required upon complaint thereof, to summon before him the party so complained of, and upon his appearance, or default therein, to examine the cause of such complaint, and upon proof of the offence, either by confession of the party or by the oath or affirmation of any credible witness, to award and order such satisfaction to be made by the party complained against to the said committee men, or other persons injured, as to such justice shall appear just and reasonable; and in case the sum so awarded shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby required, to cause the same to be levied and recovered in such and the same manner as any penalty or forfeiture by this Act is directed to be levied and recovered.

Lilt And be it further Enacted, That the said Committee Men shall and may purchase or provide from time to time such Furniture, Goods, Provisions, Clothing, Utensils, and other Materials, Articles, and Things as they shall think proper, for the Relief, Employment, and Maintenance of the Poor of the said parish, and shall pay for the same out of any monies which shall or may be raised out of the poor rates by this Act authorized, and may also receive the benefit of the work, labour, and service of such poor, and apply the same in aid of the said poor rate, and may allow such rewards and gratuities to such of the said poor as to the said committee men shall appear reasonable and expedient.

LIII. And be it further Enacted, That if any person shall, • unless by the directions of any of the said committee men, or of the medical attendant appointed to attend the poor of the said parish, at any time convey any Spirituous or Strong Liquors into any workhouse or infant poorhouse belonging to the said parish, such person or persons shall be and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to pay a penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such offence.

LIV. And be it further Enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Committee Men from time to time to let the Pews or Seats within the said church, (save and except the pews or seats which are now selected and appropriated for the gratuitous u$^and occupation of the rector, curate, or minister, and the churchwardens and overseers of the poor for the time

floosie

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

53

being, and except the pews or seats which are now selected and appropriated for the gratuitous accommodation of the poor of the said parish,) for any period not exceeding one year, to such persons only as shall be inhabitant householders 'within the said parish; but in the event of there being more room in the said church than may be necessary to accommodate such of the inhabitant househoulders of the said parish as shall from time to time be desirous of taking such pews, then the said committee men may let such of the said pews as shall not be occupied, for any period not exceeding one year, to persons not being inhabitant householders of the said parish, and the monies arising therefrom shall be applied in aid of the church rates by this Act authorized.

LV. And be it further Enacted, That from and after the Rates, passing of this Act three equal Pound Rates shall be laid and assessed by the said vestrymen of the said parish, once or oftener in every year, upon all and every the tenants and occupiers of houses, shops, warehouses, coach-houses, stables, buildings, cellars, vaults, yards, lands, tenements, and other hereditaments and premises within the said parish, according to the respective annual value thereof; one of such rates, for the maintenance and relief of the poor of the said parish, and for defraying all expences incident thereto or connected therewith, to be called “ The Poor Rateanother of such rates, for the support and repair of the church and burial ground of the said parish, and for defraying all the expences incident thereto or connected therewith, and for payment of the necessary expences incurred by the churchwardens of the parish in the execution of their offices, to be called “ The Church Kateand another of such rates, for defraying the expences incurred in paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, and otherwise improving the streets, roads, courts, ways, passages, and places within the said parish, and all other expences incident thereto or connected therewith, and for defraying any other expences necessarily incurred in the execution of this Act, and not herein particularly mentioned, to be called “ The Improvement Ratesuch last-mentioned rate not to exceed Three Shillings in the pound of the yearly value of such houses or other premises.

LVI. And be it further Enacted, That if any Collector Collectors to of any of the said Rates shall at any time retain in his hands Pa7 over more than the sum of Fifty Pounds for any longer period than Rates* seven days, such collector shall forfeit and pay the sum of Five Pounds for every day that he shall retain any such sum exceeding the said sum of Fifty Pounds beyond the period herein-before mentioned.

LVII. And be it further Enacted, That the-ldonies to Money col-be from time to time received by virtue of this Act under the lected by said rate called “ The Church Rate” shall be paid by the said Church Rate

54

10“ GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

to be paid to Churchwardens.

Churchwardens going out of office to account*

Notice of Rates to he published.

Recovery of Rates.

committee men, or by the collector or collectors of the said rate, to the Churchwardens, or one of them, for the time being, and be by them or him applied in manner as by law established.

LVIII. And be it further Enacted, That the persons who shall from time to time have acted as Churchwardens of the said parish for the past year shall, within one month after their going out of Office, from time to time deliver up to the auditors acting under the authority of this Act a just and true account in writing of all monies which they shall have received or paid on account of their said office, and shall produce the vouchers for such payments, which accounts and vouchers respectively the said auditors are hereby required, within seven days after they shall be so delivered to them, to examine; and if upon the examination of such account it shall appear that such churchwardens have expended more than they have received, it shall be lawful for the said committee men and they are hereby required, by and out of any subsequent church rate by this Act authorized, to repay to such persons such balance as shall appear upon the taking of such account to be due to them; but if upon the examination of such account it shall appear that such churchwardens shall have received more than they shall have expended, such churchwardens shall forthwith pay such balance as shall appear upon the taking of such account to be remaining due from them unto the succeeding churchwardens for the time being, to be applied in aid of the church rate, and the said account shall, when so audited, be made out, transcribed, printed, and laid before the said vestrymen, together with the other accounts by this Act directed to be printed, for the use of the said parish.

LIX. And be it further Enacted, That after the several Rates herein-before mentioned shall have been duly made as herein-before mentioned. Notice thereof shall be given in the church of the said parish on the Sunday next after the same shall have been so made; and after such notice the said rates shall and may be collected quarterly or otherwise, by such person or persons as shall be appointed by the said vestrymen to receive and collect the same.

LX. And be it further Enacted, That in case any person charged with any Rate by virtue or in pursuance of (his Act shall refuse or neglect, after demand made by the collector for the time being, to pay the money rated or assessed upon him, her, or them respectively, and all arrears thereof, it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said county of Middlesex, and he is hereby required, to Summon, by writing under his hand, every person so charged, and who shall have so refused or neglected as aforesaid, on oath being made before such justice by the collector for the time

100 GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

55

being of his having attended at the place of abode of such person, to appear, at a time and place to be mentioned in such summons, before such justice, or before any justice or justices of the peace for the said county of Middlesex who shall be then and there present; and it shall be lawful for any person appointed to collect and receive such rates, or for any person appointed by such summons, to serve such summons upon all persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, either by delivering the same to the persons thereby intended to be summoned, or by leaving the same at their last or usual places of abode, or at or on the premises for or in respect whereof the rate or rates mentioned in such summons shall remain due and owing; and if any person so summoned shall refuse or neglect to attend at the time and place mentioned in such summons, or if he or she shall attend, and shall not make it appear to such justice that he or she is not chargeable with such rate or rates under this Act, then such person shall pay as well such rate as the reasonable costs and charges of such summons; and in all cases where such rate, costs, and charges shall not be paid upon the return of such summons, it shall be lawful for the justice who shall have issued the same, or for any other justice of the said county of Middlesex, and he is hereby authorized and required, on oath being made before him of the due service of such summons as aforesaid, or in case the person so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid shall have removed out of the said parish, then on proof of such summons having been duly issued as aforesaid, to grant a warrant under his hand and seal, authorizing and directing such collector or any constable to levy such rate or rates, and all arrears thereof, and the expences of the summons, and of the warrant, by distress of the goods and chattels of the party so neglecting or refusing; and if within five days after such distress shah have been made the said respective rates, and all arrears thereof, shall not be paid, together with the costs and charges of taking and keeping such distress, it shall be lawful for such collector or constable to cause the said goods and chattels, or a sufficient part thereof, to be appraised and sold, rendering to the said person the overplus, if any, after deducting the said rates and all arrears thereof, and the reasonable costs and charges attending such distress and sale, which costs and charges, in case of dispute, shall be settled and ascertained by any of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said county of Middlesex ;and in default of such distress, it shall be lawful for any such justice to commit such person to the common gaol or house of correction for such county, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three calendar months, unless payment shall be sooner made of such sum or sums of money as shall have been found to be due and in arrear upon such rates as aforesaid, together with all costs, charges, and expences attending the recovery thereof, such

56

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

costs, charges, and expences to be ascertained and determined by the said justice or justices respectively.

Rates may be LXI, And be it further Enacted, that in order to avoid the demanded be- loss which might happen by tenants or occupiers of houses, fore Quarter tenements, or hereditaments removing from the same before 8^* the Quarter Day on which the Rates charged by virtue of this

Act shall become due and payable, it shall be lawful for the said collector or collectors, forty-five days before every such quarter day, or at any subsequent time before such quarter day, to demand and receive the respective rates to be made by virtue of this Act, and which would be due and payable on such quarter day; and, in case of nonpayment thereof, to enforce the payment of such rates in the same manner and with the same powers as in case of nonpayment of such rates upon and after the quarter day on which the same would have become due and payable.

Rates may be LXII. And, for the better enforcing the payment of the recovered from rates, to be made by virtue of this Act, be it further Enacted, removing. That if any Person liable to pay any of the said Rates shall at any time begin to remove his or her goods or furniture from the house or other premises in his or her occupation within the said parish, or to sell or dispose of such goods or furniture therein by public auction, or to sell or dispose of, or carry away, his or her goods or furniture as aforesaid, without paying all arrears then due in respect of such houses or other premises by virtue of this Act, in which the current quarter shall be considered as due, then and in any of the said cases it shall be lawful for the collector for the time being of the said rates to collect and levy such rates, and all arrears due thereon, (the rate dne for such quarter wherein such removal or sale shall begin to be made as aforesaid to be considered as due, although previous to the time for payment of the rate of such quarter,) by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the party so begining to remove, sell, or take away any such goods or furniture as aforesaid; and if within five days next after such distress shall be made, the said rates, and all arrears due thereon, together with the reasonable charges of taking and keeping the said distress, shall not be paid, the said collector shall cause the said goods and chattels to be appraised and sold, or such part thereof as shall be sufficient to pay such rates, together with all arrears due thereon, and the reasonable charges of making such distress, and of keeping and selling the same, returning the overplus, if any, to the ower of such goods and chattels.

For recovering LXIII. And be it further Enacted, That in case any teiMMwho Person who may have been rated to or who may be liable to have quitted the payment of any Rates which shall be made by virtue of their Premises, this Act, shall quit his or her house or other premises within

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

57

the said parish for or in respect whereof he or she shall be rated, before he or she shall have paid such rates, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for any person appointed to collect any such rates (oath or affirmation being made by him that he doth suspect such person hath removed his or her goods and chattels), by warrant under the hand and seal of any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said county of Middlesex, to distrain and to appraise and sell the goods

and chattels of the person who shall have so quitted the said house or other premises before he or she shall have paid such rates, for the sum of money due from any such person by virtue of any such rates, or any part thereof, and for all costs, charges, and expences occasioned by such warrant, distress, appraisement, and sale, in any county, city or place to which such person shall have removed, in such and the same manner as if the same person had continued within the jurisdiction of this Act.

LXIV. And be it further Enacted, That in case any Person shall remove out of or from or quit the possession of any House, Building, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, or part of a Tenement, before any rate to be charged thereon by virtue of this Act shall have been paid and discharged, and another person shall enter into the occupation of such house, building, land, tenement or hereditament, or part of a tenement, then and in every such case the person so removing out of or from or quitting possession of, and the person entering into the occupation of any such house, building, land, tenement or hereditament, or part of a tenement, shall be respectively subject and liable to the payment of all such rates in proportion to the time that such persons shall have possessed or occupied the same respectively, in the 3ame manner as if the person so removing or quitting as aforesaid had remained in the possession of such house, building, land, tenement or hereditament, or part of a tenement, or the person so entering into the occupation thereof had been originally rated and assessed in such rates, which proportion shall, in case of dispute, be settled by any Justice of the Peace for the said county of Middlesex, whose determination shall be final.

Persons removing from Premises and others coming in, to pay Rates in proportion.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That Owners to be every person who shall let out his or her house, tenement, or hereditament, in separate apartments or ready-furnished, to a ce n cases* lodger or lodgers, or who shall be owner or Landlord, or Receiver of the rent of a house or other premises which shall be let for a less term than for one year, or from year to year, or shall be let for a les3 yearly rent than Twenty Pounds, shall and may be rated for the same, and shall be liable and subject to the payment of the rates directed to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act, in such and the same manner as if he or she was really and truly the occupier of the same house, tenement, and hereditament, or other premises; and

H

58

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

Defining Owners or 1 .nndlords, for the Purpose of the Act.

upon nonpayment thereof the same shall be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such owner, landlord, or receiver, wheresoever they may be found, or of the person inhabiting any such house or other premises, in such manner as by this Act is provided for the recovery of the rates in other Cases : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to subject any person who shall or may be entitled to the ground rents of any such houses and other premises, but who shall not be entitled to the rack rents thereof, to be rated for the purposes of this Act; provided also, that the goods and chattels of every person renting or inhabiting any such house or other premises, or any part thereof, the rates whereof the owner, landlord, or receiver is hereby made liable to as aforesaid, shall be liable at all times to be distrained and sold for payment only of such of the said rates, and of all arrears thereof, as became due upon the said house and other premises during the time of his occupancy, but no such occupier shall at any time be liable to pay any greater sum for or towards the discharge of the said rates, or any of them, and arrears thereof, than the amount of the rent actually due or payable by such occupier to the owner or landlord of such house and other premises so occupied by him or her; and every such occupier who shall pay any such rates, or upon whom the same shall be levied, may deduct the same from the rent due and payable or to become due and payable from him or her to the landlord of such house or other premises, unless there shall be any agreement to the contrary between any such landlord and tenant.

LXVI. And, in order to prevent disputes touching the Definition of Owners or Landlords for the Purposes of this Act, be it Enacted, That the person legally authorized and empowered to receive and collect, or receiving and collecting, or claiming to be entitled to receive and collect, the rents of any messuages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or other premises, from the tenants or actual occupiers thereof, or any of them, shall be deemed and taken for the several purposes of this Act to be the owners or landlords thereof; and in all cases in which either owners or landlords are made liable by this Act, such person so authorized and empowered to receive and collect, or receiving and collecting, or claiming to be entitled to receive and collect, the rents of any such messuages or other premises from the tenants or actual occupiers thereof, shall be liable as owners or landlords thereof, unless the owners or landlords shall be distinctly and certainly known to be such to the satisfaction of the said committee men; and the receiver or collector of such rents is hereby authorized to pay the said rates and assessments charged and payable for and on account of the said respective messuages and other premises, and to deduct the same out of the rents received, or to be received by him.

10° GEORGIl IV. Cap. 68.

59

LXVII. Provided always* and be it further Enacted, that Committee if the said vestrymen shall at any time, in any rates, by them Men to correct to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, neglect or *ates* omit to rate themselves, or any other person liable to pay or be charged to such rates, or shall under-rate or over-rate any person so liable to such rates, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Committee Men to rate such person so omitted to be rated, and to raise such person so underrated, and to reduce such person so over-rated, or otherwise to amend or alter such rates so as to make the same conformable to the true intent and meaning of this Act; and all such additions to or alterations in and exemptions from the original rates shall be as valid and effectual, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been part of the original rates, and shall not be held to vitiate the original assessment, any statute, law, usage, or custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

[Actions may

LXVIII. And be it further Enacted, That where a sufficient distress cannot be found, it shall be lawful for the said be brought for committee men to bring or cause to be brought any Action of Rates* debt, or any special action on the case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for all or any of the rates to be made by virtue of this Act, in which action it shall be sufficient for the plaintiff to declare that the defendant is indebted to him in such sum of money as the plaintiff shall suppose to be due; and if the plaintiff shall recover the sum so declared for, or any part thereof, he shall have full costs, to be levied and recovered as other monies upon judgments are by law levied and recovered, in which action no essoign, protection, or wager of law, and not more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

LXIX. And be it further Enacted, that the Books of Rates Rate Books to to be delivered to the collector or collectors, or other officers, be received as by the said committee men, and all entries afterwards made Evidence, therein in manner by this Act directed, shall be received as Evidence of the Rates imposed by virtue of this Act.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That it Committee shall be lawful for the said Committee Men at any time to Men may remit exonerate and release any poor householder or occupier of Rates, any land, tenement, building, or apartment from the payment of all or any part of the Rates to be imposed by virtue of this Act, for and during such times and in such proportions as the said committee men shall think him or her incapable of paying.

LXXI. And be it further Enacted, That the Warrant of Form of War-Distress for nonpayment of any rate to be made by virtue of rantof Distress, this Act may include one or more person or persons, and be in the words or to the effect following:

h 2

60

10° GEORG]I IV. Cap. 68.

Penalty on Constables refusing to execute Warrants, &c.

“ Middlesex 1 “ To the Collectors of the Rates of the Parish to wit. > “ of Saint Pa, Covent Garden, in die

) “ County of Middlesex, and to all Consta-

*bles, Headboroughs, and Peace Officers “ for the said Parish :

“ WHEREAS the undermentioned Persons now or late “ Inhabitants Landlords, Tenants, or Occupiers of Lands,

* Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables,

“ Cellars, Vaults, or other Buildings, Tenements, or “ Hereditaments within the said Parish of Saint ,

“ Covent Garden, have been duly rated, by virtue of an u Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King “ George the Fourth, intituled [ Title of the Act] :

“ and whereas the said Persons have refused or neglected “ to pay the several Sums of Money at and against their “ Names herein-after respectively set, for Money due “ from them for or towards the Purposes in the said Act “ mentioned, and the said several sums are still remain- ing due, in arrear and unpaid, as appeared) upon Oath | “ to me One of His Majesty’s

“ Justices of the Peace for the said County; and the said “ several Persons having been summoned to appear “ before me to answer the Premises, and no sufficient “ Cause having been shown by them why such Sura or “ Sums of Money should not be paid; These are there- fore, in His Majesty’s Name, to require you, or either “ of you, forthwith to levy the said several Sums herein- after mentioned, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and “ Chattels of the Persons aforesaid, rendering to them “ respectively the overplus (if any), the reasonable “ Charges of such Summons, and of this Warrant, and “ of the Distress and Sale, being first deducted; and if “ no sufficient Distress can be had or taken, that then “ you certify the same to me, to the end that such further “ Proceedings may be had therein as to the Law doth “ appertain; and I do hereby strictly charge and com- mand all and singular the Constables, Headboroughs,

“ and others His Majesty’s Peace Officers for the said “ County, to aid and assist in all things relating to the “ Premises. Given under my Hand and Seal, this “ Day of in the Year of our Lord

£. s. d.

“ A.B.

................

“ E. F. the Landlord for divided Premises

“ G. H.

LXXII. And be it further Enacted, That if any Constable, Headborough, or peace officer, upon being called upon by the said committee men, or by their collector or collectors, or other person or persons who shall have obtained such

10O GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

6!

Warrant of Distress, shall refuse or neglect to aid and assist in making such distress and sale, he shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such offence.

LXXIII. And be it further Enacted, That the said Ves- Vestrymen trymen in vestry assembled may and they are hereby empow- may authorize ered, from time to time whenever they shall think fit, to w

authorize the said Committee Men to borrow any Money on Money. 0rr°W the credit of any of the rates by this Act granted, which shall be necessary for the purpose of carrying this Act into execution, and also to purchase or lease any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which the said vestrymen may deem necessary for any of the purposes of this Act.

LXXIV. And be it further Enacted, That it shall be lawful Committee for the said Committee Men (being authorized by the said jj|en to borrow vestrymen assembled as aforesaid) to borrow and take up at MorUmze011 interest any sum or sums of Money for the purposes of this Act, upon the credit of all or any of the rates to be made by virtue of this Act, and by writing under their hands and seals to mortgage or assign all or any part of the said rates to such person or persons as shall lend or advance any money thereon, or to his or their trustee or trustees, as a security for the principal money to be advanced, with any legal interest for the same; and every such mortgage may be in the words or to the effect following; (that is to say),

“We of the Committee of Form of

“ Management of the Affairs of the Parish of Saint Paul MortgBge.

Covent Garden, in the County of , appointed

“ by or in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Tenth “ Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled,

“ [here set forth the Title of this Act], in consideration “ of the Sum of advanced and lent

“ by A. B. upon the credit and for the purposes of the “ said Act, do hereby grant and assign unto the said “ A.B. [or to his Trustee or Trustees, as the Case may

“ require], his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

“ such Proportion of the Rates or Assessments [ set “ forth the particular Rate upon which the same is charged]

“ made or to be made in pursuance of or by virtue of “ the said Act as the said Sum of

* doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which may at any “ Time be borrowed or become due or owing or to be “ charged upon the Credit of the said Act for those Pur- poses, to be holden from this Day

“ of until the said Sum of with

“ Interest for the same after the Rate of “ per Centum per Annum, shall be repaid and satisfied.

“ In witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands “ and Seals, the Day of in the

“ Year of our Lord

le

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 08.

Power to grant Annuities.

Form of Annuity.

Notice to be given of borrowing Money.

Committee Men may

LXXV. And be it further Enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said committee men (being authorized as aforesaid,) from time to time, by writing under their hands and seals, to grant annuities to any person or persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the hands of the treasurer to the said committee men any sum or sums of money for the absolute purchase of any annuity or annuities, to be paid and payable during the natural life of every such contributor, or the natural life of such person or persons as shall be nominated by or on behalf of such contributor at the time of payment of his or her contribution or purchase money; and the grant of every such annuity shall be in the words or to the effect following; (that is to say,)

“ We, of the Committee of Ma-

“ nagement of the Affairs of the Parish of Saint Paul “ Covent Garden, in the County of , ap-

“ pointed by or in pursuance of an Act passed in the “ Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, “ intituled, [here set forth the Title of this Act] in “ consideration of the sum of paid

“by A.B. to C.D., the Treasurer appointed in pur- suance of the said Act, do hereby grant unto the said “ A. B., an annuity or yearly Sum of “ out of the Rates, [here set forth the particular

“ Rate upon which the same is charged] granted or arising

" by virtue of the said Act, which Annuity or yearly sum “ of shall be paid to the

“ said A. B.or his assigns, during the Term of his “ natural Life [or to the said A. B.y his Executors, Ad- ministrators, or Assigns, during the natural Life of “ C D.t as the case may be,] upon the “ most usual Days of Payment in the

“ Year, during the natural Life of him the said ,

“ the first Payment thereof to be made upon the w next ensuing the Date hereof. In

•* witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and “ Seals, the Day of in

“ the Year of our Lord .”

And the expences of such respective mortgages or grants of annuity may be defrayed by the said committee men out of the monies to be so borrowed or contributed.

LXXVI. Provided also, and be it further Enacted, That the said committee men shall not take up or borrow any Money whatever, either upon mortgage or upon annuity, unless they shall have advertised their intention so to do, in the same manner as is herein provided with respect to contracts for work under this Act.

LXXVII. And be it further Enacted, That in case the said Committee Men can at any time borrow or take up any

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

63

Money for the purposes of this Act at a lower Rate of Interest borrow than any security which shall be then in force shall bear, Money at & it shall be lawful for the said committee men from time to time to charge the said rates, or either of them, or other off Debts iunds or property, or any part thereof, in manner aforesaid, at a higher with the payment of such sums as they shall think proper, Rate, not exceeding the amount of such securities and the expences incident to paying off the same at such lower rate aforesaid, and to pay off and discharge any securiy or securities bearing a higher rate of interest.

LXXVIII. And be it further Enacted, That it shall be Power to lawful for the person or persons entitled to any of the said transfer Securities, at any time to assign and transfer the same to Secunties* any person or persons, in the words or to the effect following:

* I, A. B. do transfer the within Security, and the Prin- cipal Money and Interest thereby secured, [or Annuity, as the case may fe,] unto C. ., his Executors,

“ Administrators, and Assigns. Witness my Hand and u Seal the Day of in

“ the Year of our Lord .”

And a copy of every mortgage or assignment, and of every grant of annuity, which shall have been made in pursuance of this Act, and an extract or memorial of every transfer thereof respectively, shall be entered in a book to be kept for that purpose by the clerk to the said committee Memorials of men; which extract or memorial shall specify and contain the ^ra'lfers to date, names of the parties, and sums of money thereby trans- e ept* ierred, to which book any person interested shall at all seasonable times have access, and have free liberty to inspect the same without fee or reward: and for the entry of every such Transfer the said clerk shall be paid, by the person to whom such transfer shall be made, the sura of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and every such transfer, after entry thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the person to whom the transfer shall be made, and his executors, administrators, and assigns, to the benefit of the security thereby transferred, without any other registry or enrolment whatsoever.

LXXIX. And, for preventing any improvident Grants For prevent-of Annuities, Be it further Enacted, That the amount of ing improvi-every annuity to be granted by virtue of this Act shall be re- Gr^n.ts gulated according to the price of the Three Pounds 'per centum 0 consolidated Bank Annuities at the time of granting the same, and at a rate not exceeding by more than one-fifth the rate prescribed by any act for the time being in force for granting annuities on government securities.

LXXX. And be it further Enacted, That all and every Money sum or sums of Money lent or advanced upon the credit of 40

64

10- GEORG 11 IV. Cap. 68.

applied to particular Purposes for which it is raised.

any of the said rates or assessments shall be applied in aid of the particular rate or assessment upon the credit of which the same shall have been so lent and advanced, and for no other purpose or purposes whatsoever.

Expences of LXXXI. And be it further Enacted, That out of the first Act. money to be received under or by virtue of this Act, or out of

any money which may be received by the said committee men by virtue of the said former acts hereby repealed, the said committee men shall in the first place pay and discharge all the costs, charges, and expences of preparing, applying for, and passing this Act or incident thereto, (together with lawful interest for any money which may have been advanced for the payment thereof, or of any part thereof, from the time that the same, or any part thereof, shall have been advanced by any person to the time of the same being repaid by the said committee men;) and in the next place shall (except where any of such money is by this Act directed to be otherwise applied) pay and discharge the interest of any money heretofore borrowed and owing under the said former Acts or any of them, or which shall be borrowed in pursuance of this Act, and shall apply the remainder of the money so received from time to time in paying and defraying the necessary expences attending the execution of this Act.

Recovery and LXXXII. And be it further Enacted, That all Penalties and Application Forfeitures inflicted or imposed by this Act, or by virtue o en ties. any ru]e or or<jer made in pursuance hereof, the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not herein particularly directed, may, in case of nonpayment thereof, be recovered in a summary way, upon the adjudication and order of some Justice of the Peace acting for the city and liberty of Westminster or the county of , on complaint to him for

that purpose exhibited, and be levied, as well as the costs and expences, if any, attending such adjudication, recovery, and levy, on nonpayment, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offenders or person liable to pay the same, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice,who is hereby authorized and required to summon and examine any witness of and concerning such offence, matter, and thing, and to hear and determine the same; and the overplus, if any, of the money so recovered or levied, after discharging such penalty or forfeiture, and costs and expences as aforesaid, shall be rendered to the owner or owners of the goods and chattels so seized and distrained; all which penalties and forfeitures, not herein directed to be otherwise applied, shall be paid to the said committee men or their treasurer or clerk, to be applied for the purposes of this Act, as the said committee men shall order and direct, unless the penalty or forfeiture shall be incurred by the said committee men, in which case the same shall be paid to the informer; and it shall be lawful for the said justice to order any offender so con-

10? GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

65

victed to be detained in safe custody until return can be conveniently made to such warrant of distress, unless such offender or offenders shall give sufficient security to the satisfaction of the said justice for his or her appearance before the said justice, or before some other justice having jurisdiction, on such day as shall be appointed for the return of such warrant of distress, such day not being later than seven days from the day of taking any such security, and which security the said justice is hereby empowered to take by way of recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the return of such warrant it shall appear that no sufficient distress can be had whereupon to levy the penalty and forfeiture, costs and expences as aforesaid, and the same shall not be forthwith paid, or in case it shall appear to the satisfaction of any such justice, upon the confession of the offender or offenders or otherwise, that he or she has not sufficient goods and chattels whereupon such penalty or forfeiture, costs and expences could be levied if a warrant of distress were issued, such justice shall not be required to issue such warrant of distress, but in such case such justice shall and he is hereby empowered and required, by a warrant under his hand and seal, to commit such offender or offenders to any common gaol or house of correction for such county, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding six calendar months, or until such offender or offenders shall have paid such penalty or forfeiture, and all costs and expences attending such proceedings, to be ascertained by such justice, or shall otherwise be discharged by due course of law: Provided always, that in all cases where the penalty or forfeiture imposed by this Act shall exceed the sum of Ten Pounds, no proceeding before justices shall be had and taken for the recovery thereof before a less number than two justices.

LXXXIII. And be it further Enacted, That in all cases Damages and where Damages or Charges are by this Act directed to be paid, and the manner of ascertaining the amount thereoft° ^a‘ is not specified or provided for, such amount, in case of non- settled by payment, or of any Dispute respecting the same, shall be Justices, ascertained and determined by some Justice of the Peace; and where by this Act any damages or charges are directed or authorized to be paid, in addition to any penalty for any offence, the amount of such damages or charges, in case of non-payment, or of any dispute respecting the same, shall be ascertained and determined by the justice by or before whom any offender shall be convicted of such offence; and such justices respectively are hereby authorized and required, on non-payment of the damages in any of the cases aforesaid, to levy such damages and charges by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders in manner directed by this Act for the levying of any penalties or forfeitures.

l

C.OOQ le

10“ GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

Justices may proceed by Summons in the Recovery of Penalties.

Offenders whose Names are unknown to be taken up.

Forms of Information and Conviction of Offenders.

Form of Information.

LXXXIV. And be it further Enacted, That in all cases in which by this Act any Penalty or Forfeiture is made recoverable by information before a Justice of the Peace, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to whom complaint shall be made of any offence against this Act, to summon before him the party or parties complained against, and on such Summons to hear and determine the matter of such complaint, and on proof of the offence to convict the offender, and to adjudge him, her, or them to pay the penalty or forfeiture incurred, and to proceed to recover the same, although no information in writing shall have been exhibited before him; and all such proceedings by summons, without information in writing, shall be as good, valid, and effectual to all intents and purposes as if an information in writing were exhibited.

LXXXV. And be it further Enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said committee men, or for any officer or person acting in the execution of this Act, and for such other persons as they respectively shall call to their assistance, without any other warrant or authority than this Act, to seize and detain any (person who shall commit any offence against this Act, and whose name and address shall be unknown to such committee men, officers, or other persons as aforesaid, and to take him or her before some Justice of the Peace for the county or place where the offence shall be committed, and such justice is hereby empowered and required to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the complaint.

LXXXVI. And be it further Enacted, That all Justices of the Peace before whom any person shall be informed against or convicted for or in respect of any offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Information (whenever an information in writing or print is taken), and also the conviction, to be drawn up according to the following Forms, or in any other forms to the same effect, as the case may require:

7 “ Be it remembered. That on the u to wit. y “ Day of A.

“ of informeth me C,

“ One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace “ for the said County, that “ of [here describe the ,

“ with the Time and Placed contrary to an “Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign “ of His Majesty King George the Fourth,

“ intituled, [ inse the Title of this “which hath imposed a Penalty or Forfeiture “ of for the said Offence.

“ Taken the Day of

“ before me

le

10* GEORGII IV. Cap. 68. 67

) “ Be it remembered. That on - Form of Con-

*€ to wit. ) “ victim,] at A. B. was viction.

u convicted before me C. D., one of His^

“ Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said “ County, that the said . B. on “ at did [here state the ,]

“ contrary to an Act passed in the Tenth “ Year of the Reign of His Majesty King “ George the Fourth, intituled, [ insert “ the Title of this Act;] and I do therefore “ adjudge that the said A, B, has forfeited “ for the said Offence the Sum of “ or shall be committed to [Place of Im- prisonment] for the Space of “ . Given under my Hand and

“ Seal, the Day and Year first above “ written.”

LXXXVII. And be it further Enacted, That where any Distress not Distress shall be made for any money to be levied by virtue unlawful for of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, ^ant of nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a tres- *onn* passer or trespassers, on account of any defect or want of Form in the summons, conviction, warrant of distress, or other proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties distraining be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be done

by him or them, but the person aggrieved by such defect or irregularity shall and may recover full satisfaction for the special damage in an action upon the case.

LXXXVIII. And be it further Enacted, That in all actions Committee and proceedings whatsoever relating to or concerning the Men, Officers, execution of this Act, none of the said Committee Men, or an^ I^1" their Clerks, Collectors, or other Officers or Servants, nor competent any of the Inhabitants within the limits of this Act, shall Evidence, be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reason of their filling or holding any office, or of their being assessed to or paying any rate under or by virtue of this Act.

LXXXIX. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, Appeal to the That if any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by Committee any rate, or by any other act or matter made, done, or Men* arising out of or in pursuance of this Act, he or she may appeal to the said Committee Men at any of their meetings, provided that such appeal be made within two months next after such rate shall have been made or payment thereof demanded, or other cause of grievance shall have arisen; and the said committee men may examine the appellant and any witnesses upon oath, touching the matter of such appeal, and may grant or refuse relief to the persons so appealing, and make such order therein as to them shall seem meet.

1 2

v^.

68

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

Appeal to the XC. Provided also, and be it further Enacted, That if any Quarter Ses- person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any act, #10n* matter, or thing made, done, or arising under or out of or in

pursuance of this Act, or by any order or conviction of any Justice of the Peace, it shall be lawful for such person to appeal to any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said county of Middlesex within three calendar months next after the cause of complaint shall have arisen, or in the case of an appeal against the confirmation of any rate by the said committee men, then within three calendar months after such confirmation shall have been notified to the person liable to such rate, or if such sessions shall be held before the expiration of three calendar months next after such respective periods, then such appeal shall be made to the next succeeding sessions, cither of which courts of sessions is hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the matter of the appeal, and to make such order therein as to them shall seem meet, which order shall be final and conclusive to and upon all parties; provided that the person or persons so appealing shall give at least seven days notice in writing of his, her, or their intention to appeal as aforesaid, and of the matter or cause thereof, to the clerk for the time being to the said committee men or other the respondent, and shall within three days after such notice enter into a recognizance before some Justice of the Peace, with sufficient securities, to try such appeal at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace, and to abide the order of and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by the said justices at such sessions; and such justices, upon hearing and finally determining the matter of such appeal, shall and may, according to their discretion, award such costs to the party appealing or appealed against, as they shall think proper, and their determination in or concerning the premises shall be conclusive and binding on all parties to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XCI. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That on appeal from the said Rates the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions shall and may amend the same in such manner as may be necessary for giving relief, without quashing or altering such rates with respect to other persons mentioned in the same; but if it shall be found necessary to set aside any such rate the said justices shall and may order a new rate to be made in the manper in this Act directed.

Committee XCII. Provided also, and be it further Enacted, That no Men not to sit Committee Man who shall sit or act as such upon any appli-as Justices on catjon for relief against any Rate to be made under the anyPRate ad-8 authority of this Act shall be capable of sitting or acting as judged by a Justice of the Peace in session upon any Appeal against such them. rate as herein-before mentioned, touching any matter or point

Rates may be amended by Justices.

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

relative to such rate upon which he shall have before determined as such committee man.

XCIII. And be it further Enacted, That no Rate, nor any Rates and Proceeding to be had touching the conviction of any offender Proceedings against this Act, nor any order made, nor any other matter n®^e^for or thing done or transacted in or relative to the execution of of Form, this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removeable by certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

XCIV. And be it further Enacted, That no Plaintiff shall Plaintiff not to recover in any Action for any irregularity, trespass, or other ^UonVfter^ wrongful act committed or done in the execution of this Act, Tender of if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made by or on Amends, behalf of the party or parties who shall have committed or done any such irregularity, trespass, or other wrongful act before such action brought; and in case no tender shall have been so made, it shall be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any such action, by leave of the court where such action shall depend, at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such proceedings, order, and adjudication shall be made, had, and given in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XCV. Provided also, and be it further Enacted, That no Limitation of Action or Suit shall be commenced against any person for any Actions, thing arising out of this Act until ten days notice of the intention to commence such action or suit shall have been given in writing to the clerk to the said committee men, nor after sufficient satisfaction has been made or tendered to the party or parties aggrieved, nor after six months next after the fact committed for which such action or suit shall be so brought or instituted; and every such action or suit shall be brought and tried where the cause of action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and every General Issue, special matter in evidence at any trial which shall be had thereupon; and if the matter or thing shall appear to have been done consistently with the directions and provisions of this Act, or that such action or suit was commenced before or after the time herein-before prescribed, or that sufficient satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or that such action was laid in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then the jury shall find a verdict for the defendant.

XCVI. And be it further Enacted, That if any Person who Penalty on shall be summoned by any Justice of the Peace, or by any Persons not

A

70

10° GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

appearing or other person having due authority, as a Witness to give evi-refusing to be dence touching any matter contained in any information or complaint for any offence against this Act, or touching any other matter or thing relating to this Act, either on behalf of the prosecutor or on behalf of the person accused, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, after having been paid or tendered a reasonable sum of money for his costs and expences, without a satisfactory excuse being given for such nonappearance, or appearing, shall refuse or decline to be examined, or to give evidence touching the matter in question, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such offence any sum not exceeding Five Pounds to be recovered as any other penalty or forfeiture may by this Act be recovered.

Declaring what

XCVII. And be it further Enacted, That in all cases where shall be good ft may be necessary for any person to serve any Notice or Noticcfon Com- °^ier Proceeding upon the said Committee Men, Service mittee Men j thereof respectively upon the clerk of the said committee men, or left at the office of such clerk, or at his last or usual place of abode, or at the office of the said committee men, or upon any of the said committee men acting in the execution of this Act, or left at their respective last or usual places of abode, shall be deemed sufficient service thereof upon the said com-W<K>d Se^ceof m*ttee men; an(* cases w^iere may he necessary for privat^Notfce the said Committee Men to give any Notice to any Person or by Committee Body whomsoever, under the provisions of this Act, such Men. notice shall be in writing or in print, or partly in writing and

partly in print, and be signed by any three or more of the said committee men, or by their clerk for the time being, and shall be delivered to such person, or left at his or her last or usual place of abode, or be delivered to some member of such body, or be left at his last or usual place of abode, or to some clerk or other officer of such body, or be left at the office of such clerk or officer, or at his last or usual place of abode, except in cases in which any other mode of giving such Te-Mode of giving specie notices is by this Act particularly directed; and in all public Notices6 cases where any Public Notice is by this Act directed to be by Committee given by the said Committee Men (except such public notices .^ea* as are by this Act expressly directed to be given in some other

manner), such notice shall be in writing or m print, or partly in writing and partly in print, and be signed by any three or more of the said committee men, or by their clerk for the time being, and be affixed to or upon the principal outer door of the church of the said parish; and all such notices so published and given shall be good and available in law for the purposes of this Act.

Powers to Jos- XCVIII. And be it further Enacted, That in all cases tices to Ad- where any Justices of the Peace are by this Act authorized minister Oaths, to examine any person, or to take recognizance of, or to hear &e.

100 GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

71

or determine any matter or complaint it shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby empowered and required, to administer an Oath to or to receive the Affirmation of any such person before he or she shall be so examined.

XCIX. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That Saving the this Act or any thing herein contained shall not extend or be Ecclesiastical construed to extend to invalidate or avoid any Ecclesiastical &”lJ^ieTord Law or Constitution of the church of England, or to destroy Bishop of any of the rights or powers belonging to the Lord Bishop of London. London, or in anywise to abridge or controul the ordinary Jurisdiction of the said Lord Bishop of London for the time being, in and over the aforesaid parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, or over the minister thereof, or in, over, or relating to any matter or thing respecting the ministers thereof, except so far as relates to the letting and managing the pews in the church of the said parish; but that it shall be lawful for the said Lord Bishop of London for the time being to, and such Lord Bishop shall and may, at all times after the passing of this Act, visit and exercise ecclesiastical jurisdiction in the said Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, as amply as such bishop might do immediately before the passing of this Act.

C. Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That no- Saving the thing in this Act contained shall extend to or be deemed or Rights of the construed to extend to prejudice, diminish, alter, take away, o£

or defeat any Right, Power, Privilege, Authority, Advantage Rector, &c. of or Emolument given or vested in the most noble John Duke Saint Paul of Bedford, his heirs or assigns and the Rector, Curate, Clerk Covent Garden, and Sextons, for the time being, of the said parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, or any or either of them, by the said Act hereby repealed, or by an Act passed in the twelfth year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, “ An Act for making the precinct of Covent Garden parochial,” or by an Act passed in the fifty-first year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled, “ An Act for amending an Act of King “ Charles the Second, for making the precinct of Covent “ Garden parochial, and for increasing the Stipends of the “ Rector, Curate, Clerk, and Sextons of the said Parish/’ or by any or either of such Acts; but every such right, power, privilege, authority, advantage, and emolument shall remain and be as good and valid, and may be exercised and enjoyed as effectually, as if this Act had not been passed.

CIj Provided also, and be it further Enacted, That nothing Saving the

in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed

to extend to prejudice, diminish, alter, take away, or defeat ford in refer-

any Right, Power, Privilege, Authority, Advantage, Juris- ence to Corent

diction, or Emolument given to or nested in the said John Garden

Market.

72

10* GEORGII IV. Cap. 68.

Public Act.

Duke of Bedford, his heirs or assigns, or any other person or persons, by an Act passed in the ninth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, “ An Act for the Improvement and Regulation of Covent Garden Marketbut every such right, power, privilege, authority, advantage, jurisdiction, and emolument shall remain and be as good and valid, and may be exercised and enjoyed as effectually, as if this Act had not been passed.

CI1. And be it further Enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and others, without the same being specially pleaded.

ANNO VICESIMO SEPTIMO

ELIZABETHiE, REGINAE.

AN ACT

For the good Government of the City and Borough of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex.

[Preamble.]

Forasmuch as by erection and new building of divers Houses, and by the parting and dividing of divers tenements within the City or Borough of Westminster, and the Liberties of the same, the people thereof are greatly increased, and being for the most part without trade or mystery, are become poor, and many of them wholly given to vice and idleness, living in contempt of all manner of officers within the said

city, for that their power to correct and reform them is not sufficient in law, as in that behalf were meet and requisite; be it therefore ordained by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of

the same, That the said City or Borough of , the The City or

Liberties, Territories, and Precincts of the same, shall be. Borough of

and for ever hereafter continue severed and divided, as Westminster,

it hath been accustomed, into twelve several divisions, to be yidecUnto

called or known by the names of Wards, the same to be and twelve Wards.

continue by such limits, metes, and divisions, as heretofore

hath been commonly taken or known.

N. And for the better ordering and goverment of the people inhabiting and being within all and every the wards aforesaid, and for repressing and rooting out of vice there jve Bur used; be it further ordained by the authority aforesaid, that be*

the dean of the collegiate church of Saint Peter's of West- appointed minster, or his successors, or the high steward there for the yearly.

s

74

27" ELIZABETHS.

Every Burgess to have the govern* ment of a particular Ward;

and to continue in office one year.

Exception.

Fine for refusing to serve.

Fine to he levied by distress.

Burgesses to take certain Oaths.

Twelve assistant Burgesses to be appointed yearly.

Fine for refusing to serve.

Assistants to take certain Oaths.

One Assistant to be appointed to each Ward.

Power’of Burgesses and Assistants.

time being, or his lawful deputy, shall upon Thursday in Easter week next after the end of this session of parliament, and so yearly for ever hereafter, nominate and elect twelve sufficient persons, being merchants, artificers, or persons using any trade of buying or selling within the said city or borough, or such other persons as shall be willing thereunto and inhabiting within the said city or borough, and the liberties of the same, which shall be called by the name of Burgesses; unto the government of every which burgesses, one of the said twelve wards shall be, by the said dean and high steward, or his lawful deputy for the time being, appointed and limited; which said twelve, and every of them, shall accept their election, and shall continue in his said room for one year next ensuing, and so from year to year during his or their natural lives, if they shall so long inhabit there, except for some offence or misgovernment by them or any of them committed; (and unless for cause reasonable proved) they shall be displaced by the dean of Westminster or high steward there for the time being; and if any person or persons resiant, and so nominated, shall refuse to accept the said room, he shall forfeit Ten Pounds to the use of the poor within the said city or borough of , and to be

levied by the bailiff of the liberties of the said dean and chapter, by way of distress, to be taken and justified to the use aforesaid; which said Twelve Burgesses, and every of them, shall receive as well the usual Oath of Supremacy, as also a corporal oath to him to be ministered by the said high steward, or his deputy, in open court, to do and execute all things to them appointed and authorized by this Act.

III. And for the more aid and assistance to perform that which by the true intent of this Statute is meant to be performed, be it ordained by the authority of this present parliament, That the said dean, or his successors, or the said high steward, or his lawful deputy, with the said Twelve Burgesses, or the more part of the said burgesses, shall within ten days after the election and choice of the said twelve burgesses, nominate and elect twelve others, able persons, inhabiting within the said city or borough, and the liberties thereof, being merchants, artificers, or using any trade of buying or selling within the said city or borough, or any other being willing thereunto as aforesaid, to be assistants to the said Twelve Burgesses; and that they shall accept the same charge upon payment of Five Pounds, to be levied of every of them that shall refuse the said room in form aforesaid, to be employed as aforesaid, with like oaths as is aforesaid; and shall be called by the names of Assistants unto the said Twelve Burgesses nominated to the aforesaid Twelve Wards; unto every of which said wards one of the said assistants shall be appointed for the government of the same with the said burgess; which said Twelve Burgesses, and the said Twelve Assistants, and every two of them, within the several

27° ELIZABETHS.

75

wards to them appointed and limited, viz. every burgess, together with his assistant, shall and may, by virtue hereof, do and deal in every thing and things as Aldermen’s deputies in the city of London lawfully do or may do; and every of the Assistants to said Twelve Assistants shall continue in their said office for continue in and during one whole Year then next ensuing, if they shall Office One continue their habitation within the said city or borough, or Year* liberties of the same; and if any of the said twelve burgesses by

or assistants shall happen to die, or otherwise, upon reason- Death, &c. able cause to be removed or displaced from his said office, that how supplied, then the said dean or his successors, and the high steward for the time being, or his lawful deputy, shall, from time to time, at their wills and pleasure nominate and appoint any other meet able person or persons of like estate, faculty, and quality, as aforesaid, inhabiting within the said city or borough, and the liberties of the same, to supply the place or places of such of the said burgesses or assistants as shall so die, or be moved or displaced, who shall continue in the said room until the Thursday in Easter week then next following; and that such person or persons so nominated and elected, shall accept and exercise the same upon pain of Five Pounds, to be levied and employed in form aforesaid, and with like oaths as is aforesaid.

IV. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid. Two Chief That the said dean and his successors, or the high steward, or

his lawful deputy, for ever hereafter yearly upon Thursday yej£{?<m,te

in Easter-week aforesaid, shall nominate and appoint two

persons out of ti\e said Twelve Burgesses, to be called or

known by the name of the Two Chief Burgesses, to con- To continue in

tinue in the office for One year then next following; which Office one year.

office they and every of them shall accept upon pain of Ten

bounds aforesaid, to be paid as aforesaid, and to be levied by

way of distress to the use aforesaid, as is before limited.

V. And for due reformation of the inconveniences and powerg of the disorders which shall or ttiay happen within the said city, Dean, High borough or liberties, Be it ordained by the authority of this Steward, and present parliament, That as well the said Dean, or his succes- Burgesses, sors, the High Steward aforesaid, or his Deputy as also the

said two chief Burgesses, the other ten burgesses, or any four Or three of them, whereof the said dean, high steward, or his deputy, or one of the said two chief burgesses, to be one from time to tittie for ever hereafter, to be appointed during their said office, shall and may, by virtue of this Act, within the said city or borough, or the liberties thereof, hear, examine, determine, and punish, according to the laws of this realm, or laudable and lawful custom of the city of , all matters

of incontinencies, common scolds, and of inmates, and common annoyances; and likewise that they shall have authority to commit to prison such persons as within the said city shall *2

v^»

76

87° ELIZABETHS.

Certain Ordinances by the Dean, &c< for the Government of the Inhabitants to he in force.

Saving the Rights of certain persons.

Persons whose Rights are saved to enjoy the same as heretofore.

Justices of Middlesex may choose Burgesses in certain cases.

Burgesses so chosen not ppmpellable to

offend against the peace, and thereof shall give notice within four and twenty hours after to some Justices of Peace within the county of Middlesex.

VI. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all good Orders and Ordinances to be made by the said Dean and High Steward, with the assent of the Burgesses and Assistants for the time being, or the more part of them, for or concerning the Government of the said Inhabitants, not repugnant to the Queen’s Majesty’s prerogative, nor the laws and statutes of this realm, shall, by virtue of this Act, stand in full force and strength.

VII. Provided, That this Act, or any thing therein con-

tained, shall not be prejudicial to the Steward, Marshal, or Coroner of the Queen’s Majesty’s Household, nor to the authority of Justices of Peace within the county of ,

nor to the Dean and Chapter of , or their suc-

cessors, nor to the High Steward there, or his deputy for the time being, nor to the Mayor, Society, and Clerk of the Staple, High Constable, Bailiff of the Liberty, Town Clerks, nor to the Clerk of the Market, nor to any search to be made by any other officer in the said city or borough of Westminster now being, or that at any time hereafter shall be, not being contrary to the true meaning of this present Act.

VIII. And be it declared by the authority of this Act, That they and every of them, their deputies and assigns, shall and may have, take and enjoy all the Privileges, Authorities, Benefits, and Profits, unto them or their said office belonging, from time to time, for ever hereafter in as ample, wise, as they or any of them have had, taken and enjoyed the same at any time heretofore, not being contrary to the true meaning of this present Act.

IX. Provided always, That if it shall happen at any time

hereafter, that the dean of Westminster aforesaid, or his successors, and the said high steward for the time being, and his lawful deputy, and every of them, be remiss or negligent in choosing and nominating of the Burgesses aforesaid, at the time before limited, that then it shall and may be lawful for two Justices of Peace within the county of , whereof one

to be of the quorum, to nominate and choose the said burgesses, being such persons as aforesaid; who being so nominated and chosen by the said justices shall occupy and enjoy the said rooms, upon the pains aforesaid, and have and enjoy such liberties in all respects, as if they had been nominated and chosen by the said dean and high steward as aforesaid.

X. Provided also, That all such Burgesses as aforesaid, ydiicli hereafter shall be chosen as aforesaid, to serve in any

27° ELIZABETH#)*

77

of the said rooms or places, shall not be compellable by this serve above one Act to remain in the said office or room above the space of year* one whole year next after such choice or election; and all Per8°‘!s paymg such persons as shall for refusal of any of the said offices, refuain^to* pay any the sums aforesaid, shall not be nominated again to serve, exempt any of the said places within the space of five years then next for five years, following.

XI. And forasmuch as there be divers bouses, tenements and buildings within the liberties of the Dutchy of Lancaster, of the which said houses, tenements and buildings there are certain which are lying and being within the city or borough of Westminster, and divers of the same are next adjoining to

the said city or borough, and yet the inhabitants within the said liberties of the said Dutchy are not subject to the government or jurisdiction of Westminster, but have liberties and franchises distinct and divided by themselves: And to the intent that one uniform government may be in both the said Liberties of Westminster and the Dutchy in the places afore- chancellor said; Be it Enacted by the authority of this present parlia- or Steward of ment, That the Chancellor or Steward of the Dutchy for the the Dutchy of time being, shall have the like power and authority by virtue of this Act in all things, as the Dean of Westminster and the p0^ers there high steward of the same have by virtue of this Act, for the as the Dean, better government of the inhabitants within the liberties of&c. ofWeet-the said dutchy, being and next adjoining to Westminstermin8ter* as is aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, That this Act or any thing or matter therein contained, shall not extend to the Church or College of Westminster, nor to the Close of Westminster, nor

to any person or persons inhabiting within the site, circuit, or precinct of the said church, college or close, for any offence or misgovernment to be committed by them or any of them within the site, circuit, or precinct of the said church, college, or close, or city or borough of Westminster; and that this Act nor any thing therein contained, shall extend to give any authority, jurisdiction, or power to the said Burgesses, to hear, examine, and determine any thing by virtue of this Act, without the consent of the said Dean, or of the said High Steward, or his lawful deputy, or in the absence of the said dean, high steward, or his lawful deputy, then with the only presence and consent of the Town Clerk there for the time being, and not otherwise.

Act not to extend to the Church, College or Close of W estminster;

nor to empower the Burgesses to hear or determine any thing without the Dean, &c.

XIII. And this Act to continue unto the end of the par- Continuance, liament next following.

XIV. Provided also, That the Searcher for the time being Searcher of the of the Sanctuary of Westminster, shall have and enjoy within Sanctuary the sanctuary of Westminster., the execution and serving of allt0 bave lhe

27* ELIZABETHS..

78

execution of process, Commandments, and warrants, and the attachments process, &c. and apprehensions of all manner of offenders within the sanctuary aforesaid, and within the site, circuit, and precinct thereof, in as ample manner and form as if this Act had never beCH had or made.

The foregoing Act was continued by Acts of the SI Eliz. cap. 10 — 35 Eliz, c. 7. — 39 Eliz. c. IS — 43 Eliz. c. 9 — 1 Jac. I. c. 25. — 21 Jac. I. c. 28, and 3 I. c. 4, to

the end of the parliament hext ensuing, the passing of each of those Acts respectively, and was Further continued by an Act of the 17 Car. I. c. intituled “ An Act for granting two w Subsidies for the further Relief of His Majesty’s Army,” until some other Acts of parliament should be made touching the continuance or discontinuance thereof.

ANNO VICESIMO TERTIO.

GEORGII II. REGIS.

AN ACT

For the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto.

W HEREAS, for want of an easy and speedy Method for Preamble, the Recovery of Small Debts, many ill-disposed Persons, who have contracted Small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, and refuse to pay the Debts which they have so contracted to the Loss and Prejudice of their Creditors, and to the Detriment of useful Credit within the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and the said Part of the Duchy aforesaid; for the Remedy of the said Inconvenience, and for the providing an easy and speedy Method for the Recovery of Small Debts within the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and the said Part of the Duchy aforesaid;

may it please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be Enacted; and be it Enacted by the King’s njost Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Parish- The Parishion-ioners of the several and respective Parishes within the said ers of the City City and Liberty of Westminster, and the said part of the Ll^ertJ ot Duchy aforesaid, who have a Right to assemble in Vestry, their

within the respective Parishes, and they are hereby respect- respective iyely empowered and required to meet on the First Day of Vestries on May, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred 1 and fifty, and so on the same Day in every succeeding Year, provided the same shall not fall on a Sunday, and if it should.

80

23“ GEORGII II

and nominate in the Whole 242 Cominis-

viz. Parish of

then upon the next Day at Ten of the Clock in the forenoon, in the several and respective Vestries in every of their respective Parishes, and nominate and assign, in the Whole, the Number of Two hundred and forty-two of the most substantial and discreet Persons residing within their respective Parishes, who are to be the Commissioners for the purposes hereafter mentioned and expressed; to be appointed by such Parishioners of the said several Parishes, in Manner following; (that is to say), Of the Parish of Saint Margaret to nominate uomfnai^S) *° aPP°*nt Thirty of the said Persons; of the Parish of St. John 20/ Saint John the Evangelist, other T wenty of the said Persons;

of the Parish of Saint J, other Forty-two of the said Persons; of the Parish of Saint Hanover

other Thirty of the said Persons; of the Parish of Saint Anne, other Twenty-four of the said Persons; of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, other Forty of the said Persons; of the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, as well within the Liberty of Westminster as without, other Twenty-four of the said Persons; of the Parish of Saint Mary U Strand, other Twelve of the said Persons; and of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent other Twenty of the said Persons; and the Churchwardens

St. Jamea 42, St. George Hanover Square 30,

St. Anne 24, St. Martin in the 1* ielda 40, St. Clement Danes 24,

St. Mary le Strand 12,

St. Paul

20. Churchwardens to make Two Lists of the Persons nominated,

and affix One on the Church Door of each

Covent Garden of each respective Parish for the time being, or One of them, shall, within Two Days after such Nomination, cause Two Lists to be made out of the several Persons so respectively nominated and appointed, as aforesaid; and shall cause One of the said Lists, or a true Copy thereof, to be fixed or stuck upon the Church Door of each respective Parish; and shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, the other of the said Lists to the High Bailiff of the said City and Liberty, or his Deputy, who shall forthwith cause a Copy of such Lists to be made Parish*,1 and de- a°d stuck up in the several Places where the said Commis-liver the other sjoners shall assemble; which said Persons so nominated and to the High returned by and for the said several Parishes respectively,

rtuckfu * where a8 a^oresa,^» from time to time, shall be, and are hereby de-thftCCommi«?re dared, constituted, and appointed Commissioners to hear and sionera determine all such Matters of Debt, as are hereafter mentioned;

assemble and such Commissioners, so from Time to Time to be nomi^

coMtituteTa” nate<* and appointed, as aforesaid, are hereby constituted a Court of Jus- Court of Justice, by the Name of the Court of Requests for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required to assemble, sit and hold the said Court, in and for the said several Parishes, in such

tice

Three of them are to hold the Court,

in the Parish

of St. Marga- several Divisions, and on such Days, and in such Manner, as Tuesda^ *s ^rein-after mentioned; videlicet The Commissioners of the in St. James’s Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist on on every Wed- every Tuesday in every Week, or oftener if necessary, in ne?day; some convenient Part of the said Parish of Saint Margaret ;

the Commissioners of the Parishes of Saint George, Hanover Square, Saint James, and Saint Anne, on every Wednesday in every Week, or oftener if necessary, in some convenient Part

23« GEORGII II.

61

of the said Parish of Saint James; and the Commissioners of Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint in gt> paul

Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le Strand, on every Thurs- Covent Garden day in every Week, or oftener if necessary, in some convenient on ever7 Part of the said Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden; and Tturs^a^» such Commissioners, so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to hear and determine, in their respective Divisions, all such Causes and to proas are hereinafter mentioned, and to pronounce such Judg-xnent, and make such Decree, and to award Execution there- J^rd Execu-upon, with Costs, against the Bodies, or against the Goods tion with Costs, and Chattels, of all and every of the Person or Persons against None to be im-whom they shall give such Judgment, or make such Decree, Phoned upon as to them shall seem just in Law or Equity; so as no Person j^g^than * shall remain in Prison upon an Execution for a longer Space Forty Bays, than Forty Days.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby Enacted by the autbo- Qualification of rity aforesaid, That no person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioners Commissioner in the execution of the powers given by this

Act, unless such person at the time of his nomination, and also during the time he shall so act as a commissioner, in the execution of the powers given by this Act, shall be seized of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of Twenty Pounds, clear of all incumbrances, or be possessed of a personal estate of the value of Five Hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons sum-That if any Person or Persons summoned by virtue of this moned not con-Act shall not perform such Order as the said Commissioners, Arming to the or any Three or more of them, shall make and set down for Commissioners or concerning such debts as aforesaid, then it shall and may be may be corn-lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any five or more mitted.

of them, after personal service of the said order, and due proof thereof made, to commit such person or persons to one of His Majesty’s Gaols within the city and liberty of Westminster, there to remain until he, she, or they, shall perform such order, so as no person so imprisoned shall remain in prison for a longer space of time than forty days.

IV. And, for the more orderly and regular proceeding in the The High said court, and to prevent any undue preference or delay in Eaihff to Sum-summoning the said commissioners to attend the business of jJumberof^111 of the said court, Be it further Enacted by the authority afore- Commissions* said, That the said High Bailiff, who is hereby impowered to attend and required from time to time so to do, shall, within two days monthly, next after such several Lists shall be returned to him as aforesaid, Summon or cause to be summoned, the first seven persons named in each List containing forty-two and forty, the

first five in each list containing thirty, the first four in each list containing twenty-four and twenty, and the first two ill

l

82

23o GEORGII II.

each list containing twelve, to attend as Commissioners of the said Court, in their respective divisions, for the month of May, and so the like number of persons out of every list, as they shall stand in order and rotation therein respectively, to serve as commissioners in their respective divisions, from month to month, during the term for which they are chosen commissioners.

Such Commia- V. Provided always, That nothing herein-before contained sioners as are shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exclude or debar ma 1ait^and^°n any Persons w^° shall be nominated and returned for

give Judgment. Commissioners as aforesaid, (although they be not in Rotation), from sitting in the said court, in each respective division, but that all such commissioners shall and may, as often as they shall respectively think fit, sit and give Judgment therein; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

for Debts under 40s

Power given to VI. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, ?e tvJk?,10 806 That from and after the said first day of May, One thousand seven hundred and fifty, it shall and may be lawful to and for every Resiant and Inhabitant within the said city and liberty, or the said part of the said dutchy aforesaid, and to and for all and every person and persons renting or keeping any shop, shed, stall or stand, or seeking a livelihood within the said city and liberty of Westminster, or in the said part of the said dutchy aforesaid, who now have, or hereafter shall have, any Debt or Debts due or owing unto him, her, or them, not amounting to the sum of Forty Shillings, by any person or persons whatsoever inhabiting or seeking a livelihood within the said city and liberty of Westminster, or in that part of the said dutchy aforesaid, to apply to the Clerks of the said court, or one of them, who shall cause such Debtor or Debtors, so inhabiting or seeking a livelihood as aforesaid, to be warned or summoned by the said high bailiff, or his officer or officers, (who are hereby appointed, authorised, and required to execute all warrants, precepts, and process, of the said Court of Requests), by writing left at the dwelling-house, or place of abode, shop, shed, stall, stand, or any other place of dealing of such debtor or debtors, to appear before the commissioners of the said court, to be held in and for such division, where such debtor or debtors shall inhabit or reside as aforesaid; and Upon return of that the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, the Summons, shall after the Return of such Summons as aforesaid, have full power and authority, by virtue of this Act, to make or cause

Clerks to summon the Debtor.

the Commissioners to give Judgment.

Orders, &c. to he registered and observed.

to be made, such Acts, order or orders, decrees, judgments, and proceedings, between such party or parties, plaintiffs, and his, her, or their debtor or debtors, defendants, touching such debts, not amounting to the sum of Forty Shillings, as they shall find to stand with equity and good conscience; and all such Acts, Decrees, Judgments, and Proceedings, Order or Orders, shall be entered and registered in a book to

le

28° GEORGII II.

83

be kept for that par pose by the clerk or clerks of the said court; and shall be observed, performed, and kept, in all parts, as well by the plaintiff as by the debtor or defendant.

VII. And for the more solemn determination of matters and Commissioners causes which shall be depending in the said court intended to may administer be established by this Act, it is hereby further Enacted, That p^eSt0^e

it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any ’ three or more of them, to administer an Oath to the plaintiff or defendant, and to such witness or witnesses, as shall be produced by each party; and also to all the officers of the said court, for or concerning any business relative thereunto, if the same commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think it meet.

VIII. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, In an Action

That if any Action of Debt, or Action on the Case upon an for a Debt assumpsit for the recovery of any Debt to be sued or prose- other

cuted against any person or persons aforesaid, in any of the Court the De-King’s Courts at Westminster, or elsewhere, out of the said fendant may Court of Requests, the plaintiff shall declare for any sum of Pload Act money, not amounting to the sum of Forty Shillings, the De-in &c* fendant may plead generally in Bar of such action, that at the

time of commencing such action the defendant was inhabitant and resiant within the said city and liberty of ,

or that part of the dutchy aforesaid, and was liable to be warned or summoned before the said Court of Requests, without pleading any other matter specially; and in case the plaintiff in any such action shall declare for the sum of Forty Shillings, or any sum of money exceeding the sum of Forty Shillings, the defendant may plead generally, (over and above such matters as aforesaid,) that the defendant was not, at the time of commencing such action, indebted to the plaintiff in any sum or sums of money amounting to the sum of Forty Shillings, without pleading any other matter specially; whereto the plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforesaid; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, or verdict pass against him, or judgment be given on demurrer, the defendant shall have Fall Costs, full Costs.

IX. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to Plaintiff may and for the Plaintiff, in such action, afterwards to prosecute the afterwards sue said defendant for the recovery of his said Debt in the said i^/court* Court of Requests; such verdict or judgment obtained against of Requests, him as aforesaid in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And, for the more effectual establishing of the said Court Method of of Requests, and the better enforcing the orders and decrees Proceeding which shall be made by the said Commissioners, and that the “

said commissioners may be invested with proper power and authority, and be free and exempt from any insult or abuses;

l 2

84

23° GEORG1I II.

affront or insult the Court.

fine not to exceed 20«. nor the Imprisonment 10 Days.

The Fine may be levied by Distress and Sale upon Reman ts.

and to be paid to the Churchwardens towards the Support of the Poor.

Where the Offender is not resiant, or has not Goods and Chattels, he is to be committed.

On Payment of the Fine,

Be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall contemptuously affront, insult, or abuse all or any of the commissioners of the said Court, during their sitting in the said court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said high bailiff, or his deputy, officer or officers, by order of the said commissioners then sitting, or any three or more of them, to take such person or persons so offending as aforesaid into custody, and carry him, her, or them before one or more of His Majesty’s Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said city and liberty of Westminster, to answer such Affront, Insult, or Abuse; and upon the fact alledged being duly proved, upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, against him, her, or them; then, and in such case, the said justice or justices shall proceed to punish such person or persons so offending as aforesaid, by Fine or Imprisonment, or both; provided that the fine on any one person do not exceed the sum of Twenty Shillings; and that the imprisonment be for no longer time than Ten Days.

XL And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon the nonpayment of the said Fine, so to be imposed or set upon every person convicted of offending, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said justice or justices to issue a warrant or warrants, under his or their hands and seals, for levying the said fine or fines so imposed upon the goods and chattels of every such offender or offenders, being then resiant or inhabiting within the said city and liberty of Wesminster, or that part of the dutchy aforesaid, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed in five days, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner upon demand, after deducting the reasonable charges of such sale; which fine or fines, when levied or received, by virtue of this Act, shall be immediately paid over into the hands of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the parish wherein every such offender shall, at the time of such offence committed, inhabit, dwell, or seek a livelihood, towards the support and maintenance of the poor of the same parish: and if such Offender or Offenders shall not be resiant or inhabiting within the said city and liberty of Westminster, or that part of the dutchy aforesaid, or shall not have any Goods or Chattels within the said city and liberty of Westminster, or that part of the dutchy aforesaid, whereof such fine or fines can be levied as aforesaid; then, and in such case, and upon the nonpayment of such fine or fines, it shall and may be lawful for the said justice or justices, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to commit such offender or offenders to one of His Majesty's Goals within the city or liberty of Westminster, there to remain for the space of one calendar month, unless he, she, or they, sooner pay the said Fine or Fines so imposed as aforesaid; in which case, he, she, or they, on payment of such fine or fines, are to be

L.

85

GEORGII II*

forthwith discharged out of custody; and such find or fines, the Person to when levied or received, shall be immediately paid over into be discharged, the hands of the said churchwardens or overseers of the poor, for the purposes aforesaid.

XII. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, Copy of the That the clerks of the said Court, or one of them, shall fix, or Tw? last precause to be fixed, or stuck up, in the most public part of the *^“1stuck'u*8 respective places where such court shall be held in the several the'severuf divisions aforesaid, or other place where the said commis- Courts, sioners shall sit to do business, as aforesaid, a true copy of the

two last preceding Clauses of this Act, to the end that no person or persons shall or may pretend ignorance in the premises.

XIII. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty of wil-That in case any person or persons shall make oath, or give ful or corrupt evidence, in any cause depending in the said Court of Perjury. Requests, whereby he, she, or they, shall commit any wilful

or corrupt Perjury, and shall thereof be duly convicted according to law; then every such person or persons shall incur and suffer the like pains and penalties as any other person or persons convicted of wilful perjury, according to the laws and statutes of this realm.

XIV. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, Clerks of the That Thomas Smith, Stephen Popham, Harman Verelst, and Court,

John Spranger, gentlemen, shall be, and are hereby con-

stituted and appointed Clerks of the said Court of Requests

during their respective good behaviour; who shall and are and their hereby impowered and required to issue out and register all Office-summons, warrants, precepts, acts, orders, decrees, judgements, attachments, and proceedings, of the said court; and No Clerk to shall keep proper books, wherein shall be entered and re- aot •*a Justice gistered all acts, orders, and proceedings of the same court; Limits oTthe and that no Clerk of the said Court shall act as a Justice jurisdiction of of the Peace within the limits of the Jurisdiction of the said the Court. Court.

XV. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, On the Death, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissions Removal, or who shall be sitting and acting in court, on the next court

day after the Death, Resignation, or Removal, of any of the said clerks, the Clerks appointed by this Act, or so soon after as the same is Commissioners publicly known, or the major part of them, to cause the to he summon-whole number of Commissioners to be summoned to meet at to elect

some convenient place to be appointed for that purpose, within four days next after their being summoned as aforesaid; and such commissioners, at such meeting, or the major part of them then present, are hereby authorized and required to elect another person or persons in the room of such

S6

23® GEORGII II.

of the said clerks so dying, resigning, or being removed, as aforesaid, for the use and purposes in this Act contained; and so, from time to time, upon every vacancy of the said office of clerk, for ever.

Commissioners XVI. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, to be sworn. That no person or persons shall be capable of acting as Commissioner or Commissioners, in the execution of the powers given by this Act, until such time as he and they shall have respectively taken an Oath to the effect following:

The Oath, “ I, A. B. do swear, that I will faithfully, impartially, and

“ honestly, according to the best of my Judgment, hear 44and determine such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, 44 (intituled, 4 An Act for the more easy and speedy Re 4 covery of Small Debts within the City and Liberty of 44 4 Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of caster which adjoineth thereto,’) without Favour or Affection to either Party; and that I am now seised of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, clear of all Incumbrances; 44 or that I am possessed of a personal Estate of the Value of Five hundred Pounds.”

to be admister- which Oath the said Clerks, or one of them, are or is hereby ed by a Clerk, impowered and required to administer in open court; a an regw ere . memorjai whereof shall be entered in the registers of the said court.

Fees allowed XVII. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid,

to be taken by That the several Fees hereafter limited and expressed, and

Uffancfcmks" 00 other ^ee or *®es> an(* may ta^en f°r the respective 411 er ' services of the said High Bailiff and Clerks; that is to say.

For issuing out every Summons, to the Clerk or Clerks, Three-pence.

For the Service of such Summons, to the High Bailiff, Three-pence.

For every Hearing, to the Clerk or Clerks, Three-pence; to the High Bailiff, One Penny.

For an Attachment against the Defendant for not appearing to the Summons, to the Clerk or Clerks, Sixpence; to the High Bailiff, One Shilling and Two-pence.

For an Execution, to the Clerk or Clerks, Ten-pence; to the High Bailiff, One Shilling and Two-pence.

For paying Money into Court, to the Clerk or Clerks* Seven-pence.

For acknowledging Satisfaction in full, to the Clerk or Clerks, Four-pence.

For searching the Books, to the Clerk or Clerks, Two* pence.

23° GEORGII II.

87

For calling the Defendant before the Court, when he refuses to appear, to the Clerk or Clerks, Two-pence; to the High Bailiff, Two-pence.

For a nonsuit on the Plaintiff’s not appearing, to the Clerk or Clerks, Two-pence:

A Table of which Fees shall be hung up by the clerks of the Table of the said Court, or one of them, in some public or conspicuous Fees to be part of every place where the said commissioners shall meet *!,unS UP “the for the purposes aforesaid; to the end that all persons may ° at all times see and read the same.

XVIII. And be it further Enacted, That if the said High Penalty on

Bailiff for the time being, or any of his Officers, or the said jh® High Bai-Clerks, or any of them, shall take or demand any greater or other Clerks”*

Fee or Fees than as above mentioned, or otherwise misbehave; taking greater that then, upon complaint made to the said commissioners Fees, or other-sitting in court, of the said offence or offences, such complaint wis® misbe-being duly proved upon the oath or oaths of one or more havmS* credible witness or witnesses, against him or them so offending,

as aforesaid, the said commissioners shall proceed to punish such person or persons so offending, as aforesaid, by fine, not exceeding the sum of Five Pounds for any one offence; to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of the said commissioners, or any three of them, (rendering to the owner the overplus, after the charges of such distress and sale are Application of deducted); and to be paid over by the said commis- the Penalty, sioners, and applied to the use of the sick in the Westminster Infirmary.

XIX. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid. Method of That if upon complaint made by any person or persons of the Proceeding misbehaviour of any Clerk or Clerks appointed or to be ap- ^p^theOf-pointed by virtue of this Act, or of any clerk or clerks taking ^nce deserves or demanding any greater or other fees than as above men- a greater Pu-tioned, it shall appear to the commissioners then present, that nishment than such offence deserves a greater Punishment than is before pro- k®^ore pro" vided, it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners then v e * sitting in court, or the major part of them, in case they shall

so think fit, to cause the whole number of commissioners to be summoned to meet as soon as conveniently may be, by public notice to be given in the several parish churches aforesaid, by the parish clerks thereof, (which notice the said parish clerks are hereby required and directed to give without fbe or reward), immediately after divine service on the Sunday morning next before such meeting is to be held, (such Sunday to be at least three days before the day appointed for such meeting), to examine into the merits of such complaint; and if it shall then appear to the commissioners, being not less thaa sixty present, or to the major part of them, that such clerk or clerks bath or have been guilty of a gross misbehaviour, or

88

23® GEORGII II.

breach of duty, in his or their office, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or the major part of them, to suspend or remove such clerk or clerks from his or their said office, and to elect another person or persons in the room of the person or persons so removed.

Certain Debts not liable to be sued by this Act.

XX. Provided always, That this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt for any rent upon any lease of lands or tenements, or any other real contracts, nor to any debt which shall arise by reason of any cause concerning, testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning, or properly belonging, to the Ecclesiastical Court, albeit the same shall be under Forty Shillings; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

No Suit for XXI. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, S>le b rthisV€r* ^iat no Action or Suit for any Debt not amounting to the Act ufbe W suni Forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act brought in any in the said Court of Requests, shall be brought against any •other Court, person residing or inhabiting within the jurisdiction thereof, in any other Court whatsoever.

201. to be paid XXII. And whereas the four council of the ancient Court of yearly to each the Marshelsea; and Court of His Majesty’s Palace of of the Four minster; who hold their offices for the terms of their natural CourtofVar! ^ves respectively, and who have been made chargeable by shalsea and ' parliament, and actually assessed, to the land tax for their Court of the freeholds in their said offices, will sustain great loss by this King’s Palace present Act, unless a compensation shall be made to them for of Westminster. tke same. jt therefore Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said high bailiff, and the clerks of the said Court of Requests for the time being, shall, and they are hereby required, out of the fees limited, or to be limited, to him and them, by virtue of this present Act, to pay, or cause to be paid, in equal proportions, unto John , Lomax ,

George Wellerf and John Le Gross , Esquires, the

present council of the said Court of the Marshalseaf and Court of His Majesty’s Palace of , as a compensation

for the loss they will sustain in their said offices by this present Act, for and during the terms of their respective natural lives, the yearly sum of Twenty Pounds apiece, of lawful money of Great Britaint (free and clear of and from all charges and deductions whatsoever,) to be paid to them severally and respectively, yearly and every year, at or upon the several feast days following; that is to say, the Feast of St.Michael the Archangel, the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord, the Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the ,

by even and equal portions; the first payment thereof to begin and to be made at or upon the feast day of Saint Michael the Archangel, in the year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and Fifty..

L.OOQ Le

28» GEORGII II. 89

XXIII. And be it further Enacted by the authority afore* Limitation of said,That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced Ac onB* against any person or persons for any matter or thing done,

or to be done in pursuance of this Act; then, and in such case, such action or suit shall be brought or commenced within three calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit, shall and may plead the General Issue, and General Issue, give this Act, and the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereon: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or their action or actions, suit or suits; or if, upon verdict or demurrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Treble Costs, remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cases by law.

XXIV. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, Public Act. That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a

Public Act; and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and all other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

M

foozle

ANNO VICESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII II. REGIS.

AN ACT

To explain and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, “An Act for “ the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small “ Debts within the City and Liberty of West- minster, and that Part of the Dutchy of

“ Lancaster, which adjoineth theretoand for making the said Act more effectual.

WHEREAS several Doubts have arisen in the Execution Preamble, roof an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of His present the Act Majesty's Reign, intituled, “ An Act for the more easy and 23 e0‘ *

“ speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and “ Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of " Lancaster, which adjoineth theretoand the said Act has,

in many respects, been found insufficient to answer the purposes thereby intended: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether Attornies and Solicitors are subject to the Processes of the said Court: Therefore, for explaining, amending, and making the said Act more effectual, May it please Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be Enacted; and be it Enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all Persons admitted as Attornies or Solicitors, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be subject to all the Processes of the said Court of Requests for the City and Liberty of , to the

and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster which adjoineth Processes of thereto; any thing in the said Act to the contrary in any wise the Court, notwithstanding.

92

24° GEORG 11 II,

II. And whereas the commissioners nominated and appointed to put the said Act in execution, are directed by the said Act to meet in three different divisions, one day in each week : And whereas divers mistakes and inconveniencies have happened, for want of knowing the particular bounds

So much of the and limits of the several divisions or districts: for remedy relates to^he* t^ereo^* Be lt Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from dividing the ^d after the Twenty-fourth day of June, One thousand seven City and Li- hundred and Fifty-one, so much of the said Act as relates to berty of West- the dividing the said City and Liberty of , and

B-- that part of the Dutchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, into Three Districts or Divisions, shall be, and is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners nominated and appointed, or to be nominated and appointed, by virtue of the said Act, are hereby authorized and required to assemble, sit, and hold the said Court in and for the said City and Liberty, and that part of the Dutchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, in Two Divisions only, videlicet, the several parishes of Saint Mar-

garet, Saint John the EvaSaint Martin in the ,

Saint Paul Covent GardenSaint Clement Saint Mary

le Strand, and that part of the Dutchy of Lancaster which adjoineth to the said Liberty of , to be one of

the said divisions; and the several parishes of Saint George Hanover Square, Saint , and Saint Anne, to be the other division, in such manner as is herein-after mentioned ^die^our^ an^ declared; videlicet, the commissioners for the said several for each parishes of Saint MargaretSaint John the , Saint

Division. Martin in the Fields, Saint Paul Covent , Saint Clement Danes, Saint Mary le , and that part of the Dutchy

of Lancaster which adjoineth to the said Liberty of Westminster, on every Thursday in every week, or oftener, if necessary, in some convenient part of the said division; and the said commissioners for the parishes of Saint George Hanover Square, Saint , and Saint Anne, on every

Tuesday in every week or oftener, if necessary, in some convenient part of the said division: for the putting in execution the several powers and authorities granted by this and the said former Act.

IV. And whereas the erecting or hiring, fitting up and maintaining two convenient court-houses for the purposes aforesaid, will be attended with very great expence to the officers appointed to put the said Act of the last session of parliament in execution : and whereas by the said Act the said officers are obliged to pay an annual allowance to the counsel of the Marshalsea Court; which expences and allowances, and other necessary charges attending the execution of the said Act, have rendered, and will continue to render, the profits arising to the said officers of the court very inconsiderable : There-

miuBier, au.

into Three Divisions, repealed.

Court to be held in Two Divisions.

2i°.GE0RGII II:

93

fore, to enable the said officers to defray such expences; and in order to provide some compensation for their trouble; Be it Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after The Fees fol-the said Twenty-fourth day of June, instead of the Fees of

limited by the said former Act, the several fees hereafter tjj08e limited limited, and no other fee or fees, shall be taken for the re- by the former spective services of the high bailiff of the city and liberty of Act. Westminster for the time being, and the clerks of the said court; that is to say,

For issuing out every Summons, to the Clerk or Clerks, Four-pence.

For the Service of such Summons, to the High Bailiff, Four-pence.

For every Hearing, to the Clerk or Clerks, Sixpence; to the High Bailiff, Three-pence.

For an Execution, to the Clerk or Clerks, One Shilling; to the High Bailiff, One Shilling and Sixpence.

For paying Money into Court, to the Clerk or Clerks, Seven-pence.

For acknowledging Satisfaction in full, to the Clerk or Clerks, Sixpence.

For every Search, to the Clerk or Clerks, Two-pence.

For calling the Defendant before the Court, to the Clerk or Clerks, Two-pence; to the High Bailiff, Twopence.

For every Order upon Hearing, and the Entry thereof, to the Clerk or Clerks, Four-pence.

For the Service of every such Order, to the High Bailiff, Two-pence.

For a Nonsuit on the Plaintiff’s not appearing, to the Clerk or Clerks, Four-pence.

A Table of which Fees shall be hung up by the clerks of the of Fee® said court, or one of them, in some public and conspicuous each°Court-place of the two Court-houses, where the said commissioners house, shall meet for the purposes aforesaid, to the end that all persons may at all times see and read the same.

V. And whereas by the said Act of the last session of parlia- Th« Divisions ment, Four Clerks are appointed for the said three divisions, which divisions are by this Act reduced to two; Be it Enacted Number of by the authority aforesaid, That upon the Death, Resignation, Clerks to be or Removal of any one of the said four clerks, the remaining reduced also three clerks shall continue to act; and upon the death, re- up®“theDeath, signation, or removal of any one of the said three clerks, then ^Removal of the remaining two shall in like manner proceed to act; and any of them, shall continue to carry into execution all the powers and &c. authorities by the said former and this present Act vested in the said clerks; nor shall the commissioners proceed to chuse another clerk in the place or stead of any one so dying, resigning, or being removed, until the number of the said clerks

94

24* GEORGII II.

Clerks not to act as Justices, in any Matters relative to the Proceedings or Jurisdiction of the Court.

All Persons residing within the Limits described, subject to the Process and Jurisdiction of the Court, though the Plaintiff be not resiant therein.

shall be reduced to one; at which time, or so soon after as the same shall be publicly known, the commissioners appointed to put the said former and this present Act in execution, shall proceed to elect another clerk, to be joined with the surviving or remaining clerk, according to the directions for that purpose in the said former Act, so as such number of clerks shall not, at any time afterwards, exceed the number of two.

VI. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid,That no Clerk or Clerks of the said Court shall act as a Justice or Justices of the Peace, in any matter or thing whatsoever, relative to the Proceedings of the said Court, or any matter which may arise in relation to the jurisdiction of the same: but nothing in this or the said former Act contained shall prevent or exclude any clerk of the said court from acting as a Justice of the Peace, in any matter not relative to the business or jurisdiction of the said court.

VII. And whereas doubts have arisen, whether any person

or persons residing within the City and Liberty of ,

or that part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and who are indebted to persons who did not reside within the limits aforesaid, are subject to the jurisdiction of the said court: for remedy thereof, be it Declared and Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Persons inhabiting within the Limits aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby declared to be subject to the Process and Jurisdiction of the said Court, although the Plaintiff suing out such process shall not inhabit or reside within the said City and Liberty of ,

and that part of the Dutchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto.

ANNO VICESIMO SEXTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

For regulating the Time of the Imprisonment of Debtors imprisoned by Process from Courts instituted for the Recovery of Small Debts; for abolishing the Claim of Fees of Gaolers and others in the Cases of such Imprisonment, ancTfor ascertaining the Qualifications of the Commissioners.

WHEREAS by several Acts of Parliament now in force and made to establish or regulate Courts for the Recovery of Small Debts in several Cities, Towns, Districts and Places within this Kingdom, there is no uniform Time limited for the Duration of the Imprisonment of the Defendant or Debtor against whom an Execution, Process of Contempt or Precept in the Nature of an Execution is issued for Nonpayment of such Debts and Costs, Sum or Sums of Money as by the Order or Orders of such Courts such Debtor or Defendant is ordered or directed to pay, but such Debtors or Defendants are by such Acts of Parliament to be committed to Prison, there to remain for an indefinite Length of Time, until he, she, or they shall perform the Order of the Court or Commissioners in that Behalf; so that it frequently happens that a poor Person who is not of Ability to pay a Debt of or under Forty Shillings is imprisoned for many Months, and sometimes for Years without a possibility of being discharged: And whereas it often happens that poor Persons who are committed to Prison by virtue of and in pursuance of the said Acts of Parliament for a trifling Debt, are kept in Custody after they have been enabled to pay and discharge such Debt,

Cap. 38,

96

260 GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

for Gaol Fees: And whereas an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled “ An Act for reducing the 25 G. 3. c. 45. Time for the Imprisonment of Debtors committed to Prison, upon Prosecutions in Courts of Conscience in , Mid*

die sex, and the Borough of Southwark, to the same Periods in each Court; and for abolishing Fees paid by those Debtors to Gaolers or others on account of such Imprisonment,” the Purposes of which Act have been round to be beneficial; and it is expedient that the like Provisions should be extended to all other Courts instituted for the Recovery of Small Debts : Therefore be it Enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, aqd by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of September One thousand

theThneo£* seven hundred and eighty-six, no Person whosoever being Imprisonment^ a Debtor or Defendant, and who has been or shall be com-of Debtors mltted to any Gaol or Prison by Order of any Court, or Corn-

committed by missioners authorised by any Act or Acts of Parliament for Courts of constituting or regulating any Court or Courts for the Re-

onscience. C(?very Qf Small Debts, where the Debt does not exceed

Twenty Shillings, shall be kept or continued in Custody on any pretence whatsoever more than Twenty Days from the commencement of this Act, or from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prison; and where the original Debt does not amount to or exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings, more than Forty Days from the commencement of this Act, or from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment as aforesaid; and all Gaolers, Keepers, or Turnkeys, are hereby directed and required to discharge such Persons accordingly.

Debtors found It. And, in order the more effectually to prevent persons sum-g“hy of a moned for Debts to the said courts from the fraudulent conceal-Concealment mellt their money or goods, Be it Enacted by the authority of their Effects, aforesaid. That in case, upon the summons of any person for may be impri- Debt before the said court or commissioners information of any soned for a such practice shall be given, such court or commissioners shaft onger Term. ^ave power to hear evidence as to such fraudulent Concealment : and in case it shall be proved to their satisfaction, upon the oaths of two or more credible witnesses, (which oath the said court or commissioners are hereby impowered to administer, and which oath, if falsely taken, shall subject the party or parties so taking it to all the pains and penalties of wilful and corrupt perjury), that any such debtor has Money or Goods which he has wilfully and fraudulently concealed; in that case, the court or commissioners shall have power to enlarge the aforesaid times of imprisonment for debts under Twenty Shillings, to any time not exceeding thirty days, and for * debts under Forty Shillings, to any time not exceeding sixty days, which said circumstance or ground of further detention shall be specified in the said commitment; and the depositions of the witnesses shall be entered in a book to be

26° GEORGII III. Cap. 38,

97

kept for that purpose by the clerk to each respective court or commissioners.

III. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, Debtors not lia* That at the expiration of the said respective times of impri- bleto pay Gaol sonment as aforesaid, every such person or persons shall ^ees* immediately be discharged and set at liberty, without paying any sum or sums of money, Fee or Fees, or other reward or gratuity whatsoever to the gaoler, keeper, or turnkey of such gaol or prison, or others by way of Gaol Fees, or Discharge Fees, or otherwise, on any pretence whatsoever; and every Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey of any such gaol or prison, gnolers de-or others, demanding, taking, or receiving any Fee or Fees, manding such sum or sums of money whatsoever, upon the discharge of Fees, any such person or persons committed or to be committed to his custody as aforesaid, or keeping or detaining any such person or persons, prisoner or prisoners, after the respective times limited by this Act, shall, for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of Five Pounds.

IV. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid. Two Justices That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices may determine of the Peace where the Offence shall be committed, to hear Offences

and determine any offence against this Act; which said Two Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited or complaint made before them of such offence having been committed, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and to examine into the matter of fact; and upon due proof made thereof, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or by the voluntary confession of the party, to give judgment or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, as in and by this Act is directed, and to award and issue out their warrant under their hands and seals, for levying the said penalty of Five Pounds so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed in four days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any); and where the goods of such offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space of two months, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

V. And be it further Enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties and Penalties inflicted by this Act (the necessary charges for the Forfeitures recovery thereof being first deducted) shall be divided and to be distributed in manner following; that is to say, one moiety app e thereof to be paid to the churchwardens or overseers of the

poor, for the support and maintenance of the poor of the parish in which the offence shall be committed; and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

N

26* GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

98

Informations to be exhibited within a limited Time.

Process not to issue against the Body and Goods of the same Person.

Qualification of Commissioners.

Penalty on acting not being qualified.

VI. Provided always, and be it Enacted, That no person

or persons shall be liable to be convicted before any Justices of the Peace for any offence committed against this Act, unless Complaint or Information shall be made or exhibited against such person or persons within two calendar months after such offence committed.

VII. Provided also, and be it Enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such court or commissioners to issue any Process against the Body or Bodies of any person or persons, where the party entitled to the benefit of any order, judgment, or decree, shall at the same time have obtained any warrant or process against the Goods and Chattels of the same person or persons.

VIII. And be it further Enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the execution of any of the Acts for constituting such courts, unless such person shall be a householder within the county, district, city, liberty, or place, for which he shall act, and shall be possessed of a real estate of the annual value of Twenty Pounds, or of a personal estate of the value of Five Hundred Pounds : and if any person not being so qualified, shall presume to act as commissioner in the execution of any of the Acts for constituting such courts, every person so acting shall forfeit and pay the sum of Twenty Pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full costs of suit, by action of debt or on the case, wherein no essoign, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and the person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon proof being given of his having acted as a commissioner in the execution of any of the Acts constituting such courts: Provided always, that such action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the offence committed, and shall be laid or brought in the county, city, or place, where the offence shall be committed, and not elsewhere.

ANNO VICESIMO NONO,

GEORGII. II. REGIS.

AN ACT

For appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster ;and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances and other Offences, within the said City and Liberty.

WHEREAS by reason of some Defects in an Act of Par- Preamble, liament, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, “ An Act for the good Govern- Act 27 Eli*.

“ ment of the City and Borough of W, in the County “ of Middlesexthe public Ways and Passages are greatly obstructed, and many other Annoyances and Offences are daily committed within the said City and Borough; And whereas by reason of the great increase of Buildings in Westminster of late years, and of some Irregularity in the Appointment of Constables for the said City and Borough, there is not at present a sufficient Number of those Officers for the Service of Westminster: To remedy which said Evils; May it please Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be Enacted; and be it Enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, the Dean of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster, for the time being, or

the High Steward of the City and Liberty of Westminster for the time being, or his lawful Deputy, is hereby authorised

N 2

100

29° GEORGII II.

and required (calling to his Assistance the Burgesses of the said City and Liberty of , if the said Dean, or

High Steward or his Deputy shall think fit) at a Court Leet to be holden for the said City and Liberty* on Tuesday next following the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel in every bles to be'ap- Year, yearly to appoint Eighty able and fit Persons residing pointed yearly within the said City and Liberty, being Artificers, or Persons for the City and using any Trade of buying or selling (Alehouse-keepers, Liberty of Victuallers, or Persons retailing Spirituous Liquors, only estmmster. excepte(j) to be Constables for the said City and Liberty of Westminster, being duly presented thereto, in manner hereinafter mentioned and directed.

II. And, for the better and more easy executing the said Office of Constable, and for preserving the peace in Westminster; Be it further Enacted by the 'authority aforesaid, That the To be chosen constables to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be chosen out out of the se- of the several Parishes of Westminster as followeth; that is V6dr Pa/i8p68 to say, there shall be yearly chosen out of the parish of Saint portions her^ Margaret, fourteen; out of the parish of Saint John the -mentioned. gelist, four; out of the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, fourteen; out of the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, twelve; out of the parish of Saint James, fourteen; out of the parish of Saint Ann, eight; out of the parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, six; out of the parish of Saint Clement who are to take ^anes> 8^x ? an^ out of the parish of Saint Mary le Strand, the usual Oath two: And the constables so appointed shall take the usual of Office and Oath of Office, and shall do and execute all and every matter serve for One an(j thing appertaining and belonging to the office of a con-Year* stable for the space of One whole Year, to commence from

their appointment to the said office, or until other persons shall be appointed in their stead, or shall find fit and able persons to be approved of by the said court leet, to serve and take the oath of the office of constable, as their deputies, and in their room and stead; such other persons not being ale-house-keepers, victuallers, or persons retailing spirituous liquors.

Precepts to be issued for returning and summoning a Leet Jury.

III. And, in order that fit and proper persons may be appointed to the said office of constable; Be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said dean of Westminster for the time being, or the said high steward for the time being, or his deputy (calling to his assistance the burgesses of the said city and liberty of Westminster, if the said dean, or high steward, or his deputy, shall think fit) shall and may, and he is hereby authorised and required to issue out a Precept or Precepts within six weeks before the feast of Saint Michael, in every year, directed to the high bailiff of Westminster, who is hereby authorised, directed, and required to obey the same, to impannel and return forty substantial householders and traders residing within the said several parishes in Westminster, in the proportions before mentioned ;

29° GEORGII II.

101

and to summon such persons to appear at such time and place as in such precept or precepts shall be directed and appointed; and out of the persons so impanelled, summoned and returned, the said Dean, or high steward, or his deputy (calling to his assistance the burgesses of the said city and liberty of minster, if the said dean, high steward, or his deputy shall think fit) shall, at a court to be held by him for that purpose, nominate and appoint so many as he shall think fit, not exceeding thirty, taking care that one or more be nominated out of each of the said parishes; and that the persons so nominated and appointed shall be called the Leet Jury, and shall be sworn to present to the said court fit and proper who are to pre-Persons to be chosen and appointed Constables for the service of the city and liberty of Westminster for the year then proper Persons next ensuing; that is to say, the said jury shall present to out of each serve as constables for the parish of Saint twenty- Parish to serve

eight; the parish of Saint John the Evangelist, eight; the as Constable8 parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, twenty-eight; the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, twenty-four; the parish of Saint James, twenty-eight; the parish of Saint Ann, sixteen; the parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, twelve; the parish of Saint Clement Danes twelve; and the parish of Saint Mary le Strand four; out of which said number so presented the said court shall, at the time, and in the manner and proportions herein-before directed, appoint eighty to be constables to serve for the said city and liberty; and the persons so Jur7 to nominated and appointed to be the Leet Jury, shall continue office fo/one in the said Office for one whole Year, or till others are ap- Year, pointed and sworn in their room and stead.

IV. Provided always, and be it Enacted by the authority 40j. Fine on aforesaid. That in case any Person who shall be summoned by Persons sum-the said high bailiff, by virtue of any precept or precepts to be

directed as aforesaid, to take upon him the said Office of Jury- to execute the man, shall neglect or refuse to appear according to the di- Office of Jury-rection of such summons, or appearing shall refuse to take men* upon him the said office (being thereunto appointed) or shall at any time refuse to appear to present proper persons to be constables, being duly summoned for that purpose, every such person shall forfeit the sum of Forty Shillings; which said sum of Forty Shillings shall be set upon him by the said court by way of fine for such his contempt or refusal, to be recovered in such manner as is herein-after directed.

V. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, Precepts to be That all and every Person and Persons who shall be presented for sum-by the jury as aforesaid, as fit and proper persons for the monin& Per* office of Constable, shall by a Precept or Precepts from the to aerve ag said court, be summoned by the petty constables to whom Constables, to such precept shall be directed, to appear at the said Court Leet, attend the

to be holden for the city and liberty of Westminster, to take Court» upon them the said office; and in case any person that shall

102

39o GEORGII II.

and on their refusing to,attend or serve, they are to be fined 81,

Court may be adjourned from time to time;

and on Death Removal, or Discharge of any Constables, others to be presented to the Court, and chosen into the said Office.

None liable to serve as Constable,

or Juryman, more than once in 7 Years.

High Constable to be chosen.

be so summoned, shall neglect to appear according to the direction of such summons (proof being made of the service of such summons on oath) or appearing, shall refuse to take upon him the office of constable, being thereunto appointed as aforesaid, or to find a fit and able person, then to take upon him the said office in his stead, every such person shall forfeit the sum of Eight Pounds; which said sum of Eight Pounds shall be set upon him by the said Court, by way of fine, for such his contempt or refusal to take upon him the said office; to be recovered in such manner as is herein-after directed.

VI. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said dean, or high steward, or his deputy, shall and may, and he is hereby authorised and impowered to adjourn the said Court Leet from time to time, as he shall think fit: and in case any Constable shall die. Remove out of the parish for which he was appointed, or shall be Discharged from his said Office on account of his inability, or for other just cause, it shall be lawful for him, and he is hereby authorised and empowered, at such adjourned Courts, to summon others before him, being first presented by the jury as aforesaid; which said jury the said dean, or high steward, or his deputy, shall summon for that purpose, and to appoint one or more of such fit person or persons to serve as constables or constable in the room and stead of such person or persons as shall die, be removed, or discharged as aforesaid, in like manner as is before directed for appointing constables at the annual leet; and all persons who shall be so summoned and appointed, are hereby required to appear and take upon them, or find other fit persons lo take upon them the execution of the said office, on pain of the like penalties and forfeitures as are before inflicted upon persons refusing to appear, according to the direction of their summons, or to take upon them the execution of the office of constable at the annual leet.

VII. Provided always, and be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person who hath served or shall hereafter serve, by himself, or deputy, the office of Constable, shall be presented again to the said office, or shall be sum* moned or appointed to serve the same in less than Seven Years after the end of such former service; and that no person who hath been or shall be nominated and sworn to be on the leet jury, and hath served or shall serve the said office of Jury-man, shall be again summoned or appointed to serve the said office, in less than Seven Years after the end of such former service.

VIII. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said dean, or high steward, or his deputy, shall, at the said court leet to be holden on Tuesday next after the feast of Saint Michael yearly, appoint an able person being an artificer, or using some trade of buying and selling, and not

29° GEORGII II.

103

being an alehouse-keeper, victualler or retailer of spirituous liquors, to be High Constable of the said city and liberty of Westminster, being duly summoned for that purpose, who shall take the usual Oath of office, and do and execute all and every matter and thing appertaining to the Office of high constable for the space of one whole Year, to commence from, his appointment to the said office, or until another person shall be appointed in his stead; and that in case of the Death or Removal of such high constable, the said dean, or high steward, or his deputy, shall, at some adjournment of the said court leet, appoint another Person to serve in his room, being duly summoned for that purpose.

who is to take the usual Oath of Office, and serve for One Year.

On his Death or Removal another Person to be appointed.

IX. Provided always, That no person shall serve the said None may office of High Constable for more than Three Years together; constXeftf*1 and every person who shall be so summoned and appointed, is b ®n or hereby required to appear and take upon him the execution Three Years of the said office of high constable, on pain of forfeiting the together, sum ol Twenty Pounds; which said sum shall be set upon 201. Fine not him by way of Fine, for such his contempt or refusal to take serving the said upon him the said office; to be recovered in such manner as Office-herein-after directed.

X. And whereas the obstructions of the public ways and Precepts to be passages in Westminster, and other annoyances and offences issued for committed therein, are greatly owing to the want of a sufficient power to compel persons to take upon them the office of A^cytmce * jurymen, to present nuisances and other offences committed Jury, in Westminster, and to the want of an easy method of recover-

ing the amerciaments set by such jury; Be it therefore Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said dean or high steward, or his deputy, the two chief burgesses of Westminster, and the other burgesses for the time being, or any five of them, whereof the said dean, high steward, or his deputy, or one of the said two chief burgesses, to be one, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required, twice in every year, to issue out their Precept or Precepts under the common seal of their court, directed to the high bailiff of Westminster, who is hereby authorised, directed and

required, to obey the same, to impannel and return eighty substantial householders and traders residing and dwelling within the said several parishes in Westminster, in the proportions before-mentioned, and to summon such persons to appear before them, at such time and such place, as in such precept or precepts shall be set forth; and out of the persons so impanelled, summoned, and returned, the said dean, high steward, or his deputy, the said two chief burgesses, and the other burgesses, or any five of them, whereof the said dean, high steward, or his deputy, or one of the two chief burgesses, to be one, shall, at a court to be held for that purpose, nominate, and appoint so many as they shall think proper, not exceeding forty-eight, taking care that one or more be nomi-

104

29» GEORGI1 II.

Oath of Office to he taken by the said jury.

The Oath.

40s. Fine on Persons sum* moned refusing to appear, or to execute the Office of Juryman.

Duty of the Annoyance Jury and Court with respect to the Pavements, Annoyances, Obstructions and Encroachments in the public Ways,

40s. Fine on Persons

nated out of each of the said parishes; and that the several persons so nominated and appointed shall be called the Annoyance Jury, and shall take an Oath to the effect following; which oath the said court are hereby empowered to administer.

“ I, d. B. do swear, That I will diligently enquire and make ((true Presentment to this Court of all such public “ Annoyances, and other Offences, that shall be com- mitted in Westminster, during the time of my con- tinuance in the Office whereunto I am now appointed; *• and that I will present no Person or Thing through “ Hatred or Malice, nor leave any unpresented through “ Love, Favour, or Affection.

“ So help me God'*

XI. Provided always, and be it Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any Person who shall be summoned as aforesaid to take upon him the said Office of Juryman, shall neglect or refuse to appear according to the direction of such summons, or appearing, shall refuse to take upon him the said office (being thereunto appointed) every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of Forty Shillings; which said sum shall be set upon him by the said court, by way of Fine, for such his contempt or refusal to take upon him the said office; to be recovered in such manner as is herein-after directed.

XII. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Jury of Annoyance to be appointed as aforesaid, shall subdivide themselves into smaller bodies, not being less than twelve in each body, and they are hereby authorised and required, as often as they shall be directed by the said Court, strictly to enquire into, and present to the said court according to their oath, upon their own view and knowledge, all defective or bad Pavements, and all Annoyances in. Obstructions of, or Encroachments upon, any of the public Ways or Passages within the said city or liberty; and the said jury shall give or leave notice in writing of their intention to present the same, at the house or houses to which such defective pavements belong, or to the person or persons who shall cause or suffer such annoyances, obstructions, or encroachments; and if such pavements are not amended, or such annoyances, obstructions, or encroachments, removed within fourteen days after such notice given, then the said jury shall amerce the person or persons inhabiting the said house or houses, or causing or suffering such annoyances, obstructions, or encroachments, in such sums as they shall think proper, according to the nature of the offence, not exceeding Forty Shillings for any one offence; to be recovered in such manner as is herein-after directed: and if any Person or Persons

29® GEORGII II.

105

shall abuse or insult any of the said Jury of Annoyance, when insulting, or they are in the Execution of their office, or shall any way *•

obstruct them in executing the duties of the said office, it shall "Execution of be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace their Office, for the said city and liberty of Westm, upon the fact alleged being duly proved upon the oath of two or more credible witnesses, to fine such person or persons so offending as aforesaid, in any sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; to be recovered in such manner as is herein-after directed.

XIII. And be it further Enacted by the authority afore- Duty of the said. That where the said Jury of,Annoyance shall upon their 8aid Jury and view as aforesaid, find any bad or detective Payment, be- ^T^t tothe longing to any empty House or Building within the said Pavements and city or liberty, or any annoyance before such house or build- Annoyances ing, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said jury, and before empty they are hereby authorised, directed, and required, to present houses, such defective or bad pavement, or such nuisance to the said

court of burgesses, first leaving notice in writing on the door or other public part of such empty house or building, of their intention to present the same; and in case the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of such house or houses, building or buildings, shall not within fourteen days after such notice given as aforesaid, cause such pavement to be amended, or such annoyance removed, then the said court shall forthwith cause such pavement to be repaired, or such nuisance to be removed, and the said jury shall amerce the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of such house or building, in such sum or sums of money as by the order and directions of the said court shall be laid out and expended in making good such defective pavement, or removing such nuisance, and the charge attending the same; which said Amerciament or Amerciaments so set as aforesaid, shall be for levied on the next Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers may be levied of the ground floor of such house or houses, building or on the succeed-buildings, in such manner as is herein-after directed for the Tenant, levying of other amerciaments that shall be set and imposed by virtue of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, of such bouses or buildings, who shall pay any sum or sums of money ao amerced as aforesaid (if they shall pay the same volun- who is to de-tarily) to deduct and detain out of their rent then due, or duct the same thereafter to grow due, all and every such sum or sums 0fouto^ therent* money as they shall so pay.

XIV. And, for preventing persons dealing by unlawful Duty of the weights, balances, or measures, within the said city or liberty said Jury with of Westminster; Be it further Enacted by the authority afore- to said, That the said Annoyance Jury shall and are hereby au- Meaauxoa thorised and empowered, at all seasonable times in the daytime, to enter into any shop, house, or warehouse, within the

said city and liberty, belonging to any person or persons that

o

106

S9° GEORGH II.

deal by Weight or Measure; and if the said jury shall find any weight, balance, or measure, to be unlawful or defective, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said jury and they are hereby directed and required, to break and destroy the same, and to amerce the person or persons so offending, in such sum or sums of money as they shall think proper, according to the nature of the offence, not exceeding Forty Shillings for any one offence.

None liable to XV. Provided always, and be it Enacted by the authority serve on the aforesaid, That no person who hath been or shall be nominated Annoyance and appointed to be on the Annoyance Jury, and bath served once in^Three*1 shall serve the said office of juryman, shall be again sum-Years. moned or appointed to serve the said office, in less than Three

Years after the end of such former service.

40*. on High XVI. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, Bailiff, or other That in case the said High Bailiff or his Deputy, or other Officer, accept- Officer acting under him, or under the order or authority of ty^toexcuse111"^ 8a^ court» by virtue of this Act, or otherwise, shall ask, Persons from demand, or take of any Person or Persons whatsoever, any appearing to sum or sums of money or other Gratuity, or Reward what-serve, or not goever, for or under pretence of excusing any person or per-the^to'serve. 8008 ^rom aPPear*ng serve, or for not summoning any * person or persons to serve die said office of constable, or to serve on either of the juries aforesaid, or on any other jury and on Persons wkh*n the said city und liberty of; or if any

giving any Gra- Person whatsoever shall give any sum or sums of money, or tuity on such other Reward whatsoever to any such officer as aforesaid, for Account. or ob account of excusing him from serving or being summoned to serve the office of Constable, or to serve on such juries, that then and in either of such cases, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more J ustioe or J us does of the Peace for the said city and liberty of , upon the fact

alleged being duly proved upon the oath of two or more credible witnesses, to fine such person or persons so offending as aforesaid, in any sum not exceeding Forty Shillings to be recovered in such manner as is herein-after directed.

XVII. And be it Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon the non-payment of any Fine or Amerciament, that shall be set or imposed upon any person or persons by the authority of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the high bailiff of Westminster, or his deputy or deputies, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, directed, and required, by a warrant or warrants from the said conrt leet, or by a warrant or warrants under the common 6ea1 of the said court of burgesses, or by a warrant or warrants from the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any such person or persons shall be convicted as aforesaid, to levy all and every such fines and amerciaments as shall be set and imposed as aforesaid, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of every such person or

Fines and Amerciaments to be levied by Distress and Bale.

L.

29* GEORGII II.

107

persona as shall be fined or amerced as aforesaid, being then resiant or inhabiting within the said city or liberty of West* minster* and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within five days, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, upon demand, after deducting the reasonable charges of such distress and sale; and if such Forwantof Offender or Offenders shall not have goods or chattels within Distress, and the said city and liberty whereof such fine or fines, amercia- on Non-payment or amerciaments, can be levied as aforesaid, then, and offender in such case, and upon the Non-payment of such fine or fines, amerciament or amerciaments, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to commit such offender or offenders to one of His Majesty’s Gaols within the city or liberty of Westminster, there to remain for the space of ten days, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay, or cause to be paid, the said fine or fines, amerciament or amerciaments, so imposed as aforesaid; in which case, be, she, or they, on payment thereof, shall be forthwith discharged out of custody.

XVIIL And be it further Enacted by the authority afore* Fines to be said, That all and every the Fine or Fines which shall be set, Paid over ,otJe imposed, and recovered, by virtue of this Act, shall, from aJplJTinTid time to time, be paid by the high bailiff of , or of the Poors

other person into whose hands the same shall come within Rate, fourteen days next after the receipt thereof to the overseers of the poor for the time being of the several parishes in Westminster respectively, out of which the same shall be so recovered, who shall give a receipt or receipts for the same; and the said overseers are hereby directed and required to apply the said fine or fines to the same uses and purposes that the Poor Rates in the said several parishes are by law to be applied; and shall duly account upon oath for the same at the time and in the manner, they are obliged to account for all other sums of money that shall come into their hands; and Amere;amentg all and every the Amerciament and Amerciaments which shall get the An_ be set and imposed by the said Annoyance Jury, and re- noyance Jury, covered by virtue of this Act, shall be applied and disposed to go to the of in manner following; that is to say, The said High Bailiff for the time being shall be, and he is hereby entitled to one Burgeses, moiety or half part thereof, and shall receive and take the same to his own use; and the other moiety or half part thereof shall be taken and applied by the said Court of Burgesses to pay the necessary charges and expences that shall attend the execution of this Act.

XIX. And be it further Enacted by the authority Limitation of aforesaid, That if any suit shall be brought or commenced Actions, against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this present Act, or in relation to the premises, that in every such case the action shall be commenced within six

o 2

108

*9° GEORGII II.

General Issue.

Treble Costs*

Particular Exemptions from this Act.

months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the county of Middlesex, and not elsewhere, except the person or persons against whom such action shall be brought, shall remove into and reside in the city of London; in which case, the said action shall belaid and brought in the said city of , and the defendant or

defendants in such action or actions to be brought, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority thereof; and if it shall appear so to be done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county, city, or place, than the county of Middlesex (except in such case as aforesaid) that then and in such case the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action or actions; or if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs; or if upon demurrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit, in other cases by law.

XX. Provided always, That this Act, or any thing or matter therein contained, shall not extend to the church or college of Wesminster, nor to the close of , nor to any

person or persons inhabiting within the site, circuit, or precinct of the said church, college, or close, for any offence or misgovemment to be committed by them or any of them, within the site circuit, or precinct of the said church, college, or close.

ANNO TRICESIMO PRIMO

GEORGII II. REGIS.

AN ACT

To explain, amend, and render more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, “ An “ Act for appointing a sufficient Number of “ Constables for the Service of the City and “ Liberty of Westminster; and to compel 11 proper Persons to take upon them the ‘ ‘ Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances and “ other Offences within the said City and “ Liberty.”

Whereas an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of Preamble, re-the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, “ An Act for the Act “ appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the Service 2 eo* *

€t of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to compel * proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen,

“ to prevent Nuisances and other Offences within the said “ City and LibertyAnd whereas Difficulties have arisen in ascertaining, who ought, in many Cases, to repair Pavements and remove Annoyances, and the said Act hath in other Respects been found insufficient to answer the several purposes thereby intended: therefore, to render the same more effectual; Be it Enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Pavements, within the said City and Liberty, belonging or Pavements, opposite to Churches, or other public Buildings or Grounds, and Removal

no

31* GEORGII II.

of Annoyances, belonging to Parish Churches, public Buildings, or Grounds, to be done by the Churchwardens ;

if belonging to to Markets, by the Proprietors, &c.

to Hospitals, Alms-houses, charitable Foundations, Ac. by the principal Officer thereof;

and to private Grounds by the Owners.

Annoyance Jury may present bad Pavements and Annoyances, first giving Notice of their Intention to the proper Persons ;

and if the same be not amended, or removed within fourteen Days, may amerce the said Persons according to the Nature of the Offence.

Occupiers of Houses are to repair the Pavements, and deduct the Charges out of their Beat

which are the Property of any Parish, and which of Right ought to be repaired by such Parish, shall, from time to time be repaired, and kept in Repair, and also all Annoyances belonging thereto be removed, by the Churchwardens of such Parish (or the time being; and all Pavements belonging or opposite to Markets, shall be repaired and kept in Repair, and all Annoyances belonging thereto be removed, by the Proprietors of such Markets, their Agents or Lessees; and all Pavements belonging or opposite to Hospitals, Alms-houses, charitable Foundations, and all other public Buildings, not being the Property of any Parish, shall be repaired, and all 'Annoyances belonging thereto be removed, by the principal Officer or Person residing in such Buildings respectively, who are hereby declared to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof; and all Pavements belonging or opposite to Lands and Grounds, or adjoining to any Wall or Fence, where no Houses are erected or built, shall be repaired, and all Annoyances belonging thereto be removed, by the Owners of such Lands and Grounds, or other Person or Persons, who of Right ought to repair such Pavements, or remove such Annoyances, as the case shall be: and it shall be lawful for the said Annoyance Jury appointed by the said recited Act, and qualified as therein is directed, or any Twelve or more of them, and they are hereby required to present all bad and defective Pavements, and all Annoyances belonging or opposite to all such Buildings, Places, and Grounds, as aforesaid, first leaving Notice in Writing with such Churchwardens, Proprietors of Markets, their Agents or Lessees, Principal Officers, or Persons residing in such Buildings, or Owners of such Grounds, as aforesaid, or affixing the same upon some Public Part of such Buildings, or on the Walls or Fences of such Grounds, where any defective Pavements or Annoyances shall be found, of their Intention to present the same; and in case such Churchwardens, Proprietors of Markets, their Agents or Lessees, Principal Officers, or Persons residing in such Buildings, or Owners of Grounds, as aforesaid, shall not within Fourteen Days next after such Notice given, cause such Pavements to be amended, and Annoyances to be removed, then the said Jury shall amerce the . said Church wardens* Proprietors of Markets, their Agents or Lessees, Principal Officers, or Persons aforesaid, In such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, according to the Nature of the Offence, not exceeding Forty Shillings for any one offence.

II. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all tenants or occupiers of Houses, Buildings, or Grounds; in all places within the said city and liberty# shall be subject and liable to repair the Pavements belonging or opposite to any such houses, buildings, or grounds; ana it shall be lawful for all tenants to deduct and detain out of their Rent due or to grow due, all and every such sura and

SI* GE0RG1I II.

in

sums of money as they shall have expended in repairing such pavements, according to notice to be given for that purpose except where by the annoyance jury as aforesaid (except in such cases only jj*ey aro by where tenants are by any Covenant, Contract, or Agreement, ke^p^he swne to keep such pavements in Repair at their own expence) any in Repair, law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas the pavements within the limits aforesaid Pavements are frequently broken up and damaged by persons belonging to broken up by the several proprietors of water works, and are often rebud with bad materials, or in an improper maimer; Be it Companyof^ therefore further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Water Works, when and as often as any paviour, agent, servant, or other ar.e 10 be re-penion, belonging to or employed by any of the proprietors ot W ater Works, or any other person employed by them, or any Manner, and of them, shall break, take up, or otherwise damage any pave- in a conveni-ment within the said city and liberty, such paviour, agent, ent Time, servant, or other person, shall cause the same to be relaid or repaired as soon as conveniently may be, with good durable stone and gravel, and in a substantial and workman-like Manner; and in case they shall not relay or repair such pavement with all convenient speed, and to the satisfaction of the person to whom the same belongs, such person may at any Default,the time within four ten days next after such pavement shall have jury^upun been broken up or damaged, as aforesaid, apply to the fore- Complaint, man, or to any one of the Annoyance Jurymen, of the division and View for the parish wherein such pavement shall be,who, upon such hereof, application, is hereby required, together with six or more of the jurymen for that division, to view the premises in question; and if upon their view it shall appear to them that such may direct tbs pavement bath not been relaid in due time, or in the manner Proprietor to before directed, the said jurymen shall direct the person to re the sam6» whom such pavement belongs, or who is liable to repair the same, to cause the same to be relaid or repaired in a proper manner; and when such pavement shall have been relaid or *“d upon his repaired, according to the direction of the said jurymen, the person to whom such pavement belongs, and who shall have pr00f of the caused such pavement to be relaid or repaired, as aforesaid, Charges, may apply to a Court, to be held by the Dean of Westminster /or the time being; or the High Steward of the city and liberty of Westminster for the time being, or his deputy; the two chief Burgesses of fVestminster, and the other Burgesses, or any five or more of them, whereof the said dean, high steward, or his deputy, or one of the said two chief burgesses to be one; and upon such Application made, the said court are hereby required to examine into the premises, upon oath (which oath they are hereby empowered to administer to any person or persons for that purpose); and the said Jury, or any the Jury are to twelve or more of them, shall at the said court amerce any amercethe collector, paviour, agent, servant, or any other person belong- tbs

ing to or employed by any of the proprietors of water works, upon whose account such pavement shall have been hioken

112

31“ GE0RG1I II.

and also in a Sum not exceeding 40a. nor less than 20a. for such Neglect.

up or otherwise damaged, and which shall not have been re-laid or repaired as before directed, in so much moneyas shall, upon such examination, appear to the said court to have been justly expended in relaying or repairing such pavements; and also in a further Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings, for every such Neglect or Offence; which money so expended in relaying or repairing such pavement, shall, when recovered, be forthwith paid by the said court, to the person who shall have caused such pavement to be relaid or repaired, according to the direction of the said jurymen, as aforesaid.

But the Court IV. Provided always, That no such Amerciaments shall be set is to give No- or imposed upon any such Collector, Paviour, Agent, Servant, a* 11 w or ®>erson aforesaid, unless three days notice in writing shall th^Amerda- have first been given by the said Court to such collector, ment be im- paviour, agent, servant, or other person aforesaid, posed.

Paviour be- V. Provided always, and be it further Enacted by the authority longing to aforesaid, that no Paviour, or other Person or Persons belonging

beforehe^breaks to any Company of WaterWorks, shall break or takeup, or other-up any Pave- wise damage, any Pavement within the said city and liberty, ment, is to give without first giving Notice, in writing, by what Company of Notice to what Water Works he or they are employed, to the proprietor or Company he occupier of the house, ground, wall, or building, to which 6 ' such pavement shall belong or appertain, or by affixing such notice upon some conspicuous part of such house, ground, wall, or building, where the proprietor or occupier cannot be found; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding: under Penalty and in case any such paviour, or other person or persons afbre-of 40». gaid, shall break up or damage any pavement as aforesaid,

without giving such notice as aforesaid, every such person shall be amerced by the said jury in any sum not exceeding forty shillings for every offence.

Annoyance VI. And whereas the long time allowed by the said recited Jury where re- Act, for removing annoyances, in some cases hath been tound inconvenient: for remedy whereof, Be it Enacted by the KemovaTof authority aforesaid, That when and as often as the said Annoy-any Annoy- ance Jury shall, upon their own view and knowledge, find any ances or Ob- Annoyances, Obstructions, or Encroachments, upon any of the

Auctions; public ways, streets, or passages, within the said city and liberty, of such a nature as to require as speedy removal as may be, or which can be removed within a less time than fourteen days, it shall be lawful for the said jury, by an order, and if not com- writing, left at the house of the person who shall have plied with, may caused or suffered such annoyance, obstruction, or encroach-amerce the Of- ment, to direct such person to remove the same within a mrtoxceedinUm reasonable time to be specified in such notice; and if all such 40, ® annoyances, obstructions, or encroachments, shall not be re-

moved within such reasonable time as by the said notice shall be directed, then the said jury shall amerce the person

31° GEORGII If.

113

or persons causing such annoyance, obstruction, or encroachment, in such sum as they shall think proper; not exceeding forty shillings for any one offence.

VII. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, nq Hoard or That no builder, or other person, shall erect or set up, or Fence to be cause to be erected or set up, in any of the public Streets, ®et UP in the Lanes, or Passages, within the said City and Liberty, any ou^a licence Hoard or Fence whatsoever, without a Licence under the firet had from common seal of the said Court first had and obtained; in the Court, which licence shall be expressed the length and breadth of such hoard or fence, and also the time the same shall be allowed to continue; which licences the said court are hereby required to grant to all persons applying for the same, under such restrictions and limitations, as aforesaid, at the discretion Fee of the said court; and no more than five shillings shall be paid fo^th^Ccence. for each licence: and if any person shall erect, or cause to be erected, any hoard or fence within the limits aforesaid, without such licence, or which shall not be agreeable to the directions thereof, or shall suffer any materials for building to remain on the outside of any hoard or fence above the space of forty- Penalty, eight hours, every person offending in any of the cases aforesaid, shall be amerced by the said jury in a sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such offence.

VIII. Provided always. That such Licences shall not be Licence to be construed to extend to be a Defence to any prosecution for a n0 De^ce Nuisance.

against Prosecution for a Nuisance.

IX. And whereas by the said recited Act the said annoyance jur'y are empowered to destroy all unlawful weights, balances, and measures, of persons dealing by weight or measure within the limits aforesaid: and a doubt having arisen upon the construction of such part of the said Act as relates thereto: for obviating whereof, Be it Enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, Thall all Weights and Measures made use w .^ and of by persons dealing by weight or measure, within the said Measures to be city and liberty, shall be sized and sealed by the standards sized, sealed, belonging to the said city, and also marked with a port- and murked by cullis by the Officer already appointed for that purpose, or by officer^6* such other officer as may hereafter be appointed by the said dean, high steward, or his deputy, the two chief burgesses, and the other burgesses, of Westminster, or any five or more of them, whereof the said dean, high steward, or his deputy, always to be one, at a court to be held for that purpose (and by no other person or persons whatsoever) which officer appointed, or to be appointed, is hereby required, upon application to him made for that purpose, to seal and mark, in manner aforesaid, all weights and measures which shall be brought to him for that purpose, and which shall be agreeable to the standards belonging to the said city; and the said

p

114

3lo GEORGII II.

officer shall demand and receive, for each weight and measure so by him sealed and marked, as aforesaid, for his pains and trouble therein, the fees following, and no more; that is to say, for every bushel, four-pence; for every half-bushel, two-pence; for every peck, half-peck, and quarter-peck, one penny; for all half-pecks, or quarter pecks, per dozen, ten-pence; for every sack, two-pence: for every ale and beer measure, one farthing; for every hundred weight, four-pence; for every half hundred weight, tw o-pence; for all pound weights, and all other weights under half a hundred weight, one halfpenny; for all ounce weights, and all other weights under a pound, one farthing: and all Weights and Measures belonging to persons dealing by weight or measure within the said city and liberty which shall not be sealed and marked in manner before directed, shall be deemed unlawful; and it shall and may be lawful for the said annoyance jury, or any twelve or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, to destroy all such unlawful weights and and the Owners measures, and to amerce the Owner or Owners thereof, or the amerced in a person in whose possession the same shall be found, in any exoeedin 40s '^um or ^ums Money not exceeding Forty Shillings tor ® * any one offence.

Officers Fees for sealing and marking the same.

Unsealed Weights and Measures may be destroyed as unlawful,

Sealing Officer X. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, toarPto^the the Officer already appointed, or hereafter to be ap-

l)eputy°Stew- P°^nte4 as aforesaid, after all necessary charges and expences ard a Moiety of attending the sizing, sealing, and marking such weights and his Profits. measures as aforesaid, shall have been first deducted, shall, and he is hereby directed and required half-yearly, within one calendar month next after the twenty-fifth day of March, and the twenty-ninth day of September, in every year, to pay, or cause to be paid to the deputy steward of Westminster for the time being, on account of his trouble and expence in attending his office of deputy steward of Westminster, one moiety of the clear money arising from or on account of such sizing, sealing, and marking as aforesaid.

Court, upon XI. And, for the better executing the purposes of the said Complaint, recited Act, and this present Act: Be it it further Enacted

may amerce by the authority aforesaid, That if any Annoyance Juryman

JurvmanCfor sba^ *n any manner neglect or refuse to execute the duty of Non-execution his office of juryman, it shall be lawful for the said Court, of his Office, upon Complaint to them made of any such neglect or refusal, to fine such juryman for every such offence, in any sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

High Constable XII. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, to obey the That the High Constable for the said city and liberty is CourT of 1116 hereby required to obey all lawful orders which he shall from * time to time receive from the said dean, high steward, or his

deputy, at any court to be holden for the said city and liberty;

SI® GEORGII II.

115

and all Petty Constables are required to be aiding and assisting to the High Constable in the execution of all such orders and directions; and if the said high constable, or any petty constable, shall refuse or neglect to obey such orders, or in any other manner misbehave in their respective offices, the said Court shall and may fine any high and petty constable, so offending, in any sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such offence.

XIII. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That no Person within the said city or liberty of ,

shall be liable or compelled to serve as a Constable, or to find a person to serve in his stead, who is of the age of sixty-three years, or upwards; nor shall any person be liable or compelled to serve either as a leet or annoyance juryman, who is of the age of seventy years, or upwards; any thing in the said recited Act, or this present Act, contained to die contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said dean, high steward, or his deputy, shall,and are hereby authorized and empowered to adjourn the Court Leet held for the said city and liberty, from time to time, as often as shall be convenient; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding : and if any leet juryman appointed, or to he appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, shall neglect or refuse to attend the said court leet as often as thereunto required by the said court, or in any other manner neglect or refuse to execute the duty of his office of juryman, it shall be lawful for the said Court Leet to fine such Juryman for every such offence, in any sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XV. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said High Bailiff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby directed and required forthwith to execute all "Warrants which he or they have already received, or may hereafter receive, for levying any fine set or imposed, or to be set or imposed, for any offences against the said recited Act, or this present Act, from the said Court Leet, or from the said Court of Burgesses, or from any Justice of the Peace before whom any person shall have been, or may be convicted for any offence against the said Acts, or either of them; and In case the said high bailiff^ or his deputy or deputies, shall refuse or neglect to execute any such warrant or warrants, as aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning thereof, or to pay over all such fines as he shall, from time to time, receive by virtue of any such warrant or warrants, according to the true intent and meaning of the said recited Act, or this present Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said court leet, or court of burgesses respectively, and they are hereby autho-

p 2

and Petty Constables to be assisting to him ;

under’Penalty of being amerced by the Court.

Aged Persons exempted from serving as Constables, or aa Leet or Annoyance Jurymen.

Adjournments of the Court Leet.

Court may amerce J ury-men for Non-attendance, or other Neglect.

High Bailiff or his Deputy to execute all Warrants of the Court Leet, or Court of Burgesses,

and to pay over the Sums received, on Penalty of being fined by the Court.

116

31* GEORGII II.

FineB imposed on the High Bailiff, &c. for Default in the Premises,

to be levied by the High Constable, by Distress and' Sale.

High Bailiff to retain a Fourth of the Fines levied by him;

And pay over the Remainder to the Overseers of the Parish, to be applied as the former Act directs.

Fines and Amerciaments in general, except where otherwise directed, to be levied and applied as the former Act directs.

High Bailiff to transmit an Account thereof to the Court of Burgesses, .

rized and empowered to fine such high bailiff, or his deputy or deputies, so offending, in any sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such offence; and if any Fine or Fines set or imposed upon the said High Bailiff, or his Deputy or Deputies, by the said court leet, or court of burgesses, as aforesaid, shall remain unpaid for the space of one calendar month next after the same shall have been so set or imposed, the High Constable of the city and liberty of , is

hereby authorized and required by any warrant or warrants from the said court leet, or court of burgesses respectively, directed to him for that purpose, to levy all and every such fine and fines, so to be set or imposed on the said high bailiff, or his deputy or deputies, as aforesaid, by distress of the goods and chattels of the said high bailiff, or his deputy or deputies, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within five days next after such distress made, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner upon demand, after deducting the reasonable charges of making such distress and sale, as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said High Bailiff, or his Deputy or Deputies, to retain in his or their hand or hands, one fourth part of the several sums of money that shall be levied by him or them, for the respective fines set by virtue of this or the said recited Act, in consideration of his or their trouble and expence in levying the same.

XVII. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the remaining three-fourth parts of the said fines shall be paid over by the said high bailiff) his deputy or deputies, to the respective Overseers of the several parishes in Westminster, within the like time, and applied by them to the same uses and purposes, as are directed by the said recited Act, with respect to the whole of such fines.

XVIII. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Fines and Amerciaments which shall be set or imposed upon any person by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall and may be levied, recovered, and applied, except where the same are directed to be otherwise levied, recovered applied or disposed of by this Act, in the same manner as the fines and amerciaments set or imposed by the said recited Act, are thereby directed to be levied; recovered, and applied*

XIX. And be it Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said High Bailiff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall, from time to time, transmit to the said Court of Burgesses, an account in writing of all fines and amerciaments by him levied

31° GEORGII II.

117

or received, in pursuance of this, or the said recited Act; and to be entered, that the clerk of the said court of burgesses, shall, in a book to be kept for that purpose, make a just and due entry of all pee0S f^nce fines and amerciaments set or imposed by virtue of this, or the Hoards, &c. said recited Act, and likewise an account of all monies received and their in pursuance thereof, or on account of licences granted for Application, in erecting Hoards, by virtue of this Act, and the Application of proper 00 8» the several sums so received; which account the respective which may be overseers of the several parishes in Westminster, for the time ^o^exseere being, shall have liberty to inspect at all seasonable and con- Qopiea * venient times, upon application to the said clerk, and take taken thereof, copies thereof so far as relates to the said fines.

XX. And be it futrher Enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commence-That this Act and all the powers and authorities herein con- meat Contained, shall commence and have Continuance from and after ^“ance

the twenty-ninth day of September, in the year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight.

XXI. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That if any suit shall be brought or commenced against any Actions, person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act,

or in relation to the premises, that in every such case, the Action shall be commenced within six months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the county of Middlesex, and not elsewhere, except such person or persons against whom such action shall be brought, shall remove into and reside in the city of ,

in which case the said action shall be laid and brought in the said city of London; and the defendant and defendants in such action or actions to be brought, may plead the General Issue, General Issue, and give this Act, and the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority hereof; and if it shall appear so to be done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county, city, or place, than the county of Middlesex (except in such case as aforesaid) that then and in such case, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if upon such verdict^ or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action or actions; or if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs; or if, upon demurrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs; the defendant or defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, Treble Costs* and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit, in other cases by law.

XXII. Provided always, That this Act, or any thing or Places and matter herein contained, shall not extend to the church pwsona

118

31° GEORGII IF.

exempted from or college of Westminster, nor to the dose of Westminster, tk® ^“™<*lct*on nor to any person or persons inhabiting within the site, to the Act. circuit, or precinct of the said church, college, or close, for any offence or misgovernment to be committed by them, or any of them, within the site, circuit, or precinct of the said church, college, or close.

ANNO DECIMO QUARTO.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 78.

AN ACT

For the further and better Regulation of Buildings, and Party-walls; and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and , and

the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint -

le-bon, Paddington^ Saint , and Saint

Luke at Chelsea, in the county of Middlesex; and for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders and other Persons against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable for erecting Buildings within the Limits aforesaid contrary to Law.

[So much thereof as relates to Fire Engines, and Rewards to Engine-keepers and Turncocks for their Attendance at Fires }

LX XIV. -A.ND whereas the having a sufficient number Fire Engines of Fire Engines, kept in known public places, and at convenient and Ladders to distances from each other, and ready to be brought forth as £e kePtpi.n occasion may require; and the supplying such engines with known laces' plenty of water; and the giving encouragement to engineers and others to bring forth, use, and work such engines, may tend greatly to lessen, the mischiefs happening by Fire; and

120

14° GEORGII III. Cap. 78.

the having proper Ladders kept in known public places, ready to be brought forth, may facilitate the escape of the inhabitants from houses on fire; Be it Enacted by the authority afore* said, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, it shall and may be lawful to and for the churchwardens of every parish, and to and for the overseers of the poor of every precinct and place, not having any churchwarden, within the limits aforesaid, and they are hereby respectively required, from time to time, for ever, to make, place, and fix, at the charge of such respective parish, precinct, or place, upon the Mains and Pipes, belonging to any waterwork whatsoever within the limits aforesaid, such and so many stopblocks of wood, with a wood plug, or such and so many Firecocks to go into each main or pipe, and to be placed at such distances in each and every street or place, as such churchwardens or overseers of the poor respectively for the time being shall direct; and that the top of every such stopblock or firecock shall be even with the pavement of each street or place, to the intent such plugs or firecocks may, upon occasion of any fire, be opened to let out the water without loss of time in digging down to the pipes; and that all and every such churchwardens or overseers of the poor respectively shall have power, and are hereby required, from time to time, to fix any Mark or Writing on the front of any house or houses over against or nearest to the place where Instrument or suc^ stopM°cks, plugs, or Firecocks, respectively lie, or are Key to be Lept placed for the better making known where all and every such there. stopblocks, plugs, or firecocks lie; and shall also keep an

Instrument or Key in every such house where every such mark shall be, to open the stopblock, plug, or firecock; and shall keep in such house a pipe, for the water to come thereout, to be made use of as occasion may require; and all such stopblocks and firecocks shall be kept in repair at the charge of each parish, precinct, or place, where the same are placed; and such plugs shall be kept in repair by the owners of the mains and pipes where the same are fixed; and whenever the owners of any waterworks shall afterwards remove, change, or alter the said mains or pipes, then and in every such case, the owner or owners, of every such main or pipe shall, at his or their own proper costs, and charges, place and fix the same or the like stopblocks, plugs, and firecocks, upon every such new main or pipe, to be placed where the churchwardens of the parish, or overseers of the precinct or place, not having a churchwarden, for the time being, shall direct; and in every such case the instrument or key, and pipe, shall be removed to the house opposite or nearest to the place to which such stopblock, plug, and firecock is removed; and every such churchwarden or overseer respectively shall cause a like mark or writing to be fixed against every such house.

and Firecocks te be fixed on the Mains.

Marks near the (be Place where Firecocks lie:

Engines and Ladders to be kept by every Parish.

LXXV. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Parish within the limits aforesaid, shall, from time to time, and at all times after the said twenty-fourth day

121

GEOKGII III. Cap. 78.

of June, have, and keep in good order and repair, and in some known and public place within each parish a large Engine, and also an hand engine, to throw up water for the extinguishing of fires; and also shall provide, keep, and maintain, one leather pipe at least, with a socket of the same size, as the plug or firecock, and a stand-cock, or suction-pipe, to the intent the socket may he put into the pipe, to convey the water without loss, and without the help of buckets, into the engine; and shall also have and keep, in some known and public place within each parish. Three or more proper Ladders, of one, two and three story high for assisting persons in houses on fire to escape therefrom; and in Default of 1 Penalty on making, placing, fixing, and continuing such stopblocks, or Churchwardens firecocks on the several mains, and pipes, as also in default offor Defilult > having and keeping in good repair such large engine, hand engine, and leather pipe or pipes, socket and stand-cock, and suction-pipe, and such ladders as aforesaid, every Churchwarden of such parish, and every overseer of any such precinct or place not having a churchwarden, making default in all or any of the premises, and being convicted thereof before two of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said city of London, or for the county of Middlesex or , or liberty

where the same may happen, (as the case may be), shall forfeit and pay the sum of Ten Pounds, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to the surveyor or surveyors who shall be then appointed, pursuant to this present Act of Parliament, for the district within which such parish, precinct, or place, where such default shall be made, doth and m be lie; to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the levied by Dia-Goods and Chattels of such churchwardens and overseers tiess. respectively, so convicted of such default as aforesaid.

LXXVI. And be it further Enacted by the authority afore- Fees to the said. That the Turncock belonging to the waterwork, whose Turncock Water shall be found on, or shall first come into the Main or Pipe where any plug shall be opened, at any fire within the a jyjain or pjpe limits aforesaid, shall be paid any sum not exceeding Ten at a Fire; Shillings by the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of such respective parish, precinct, or place, where such fire may happen; and that the Engine-keeper which first brings a to the Engine-parish engine, or other large engine to help to extinguish any keePer > fire happening within the limits aforesaid, if in good order and complete, with a socket, hose, leather pipe, stand-cock, and suction-pipe, shall be paid any sum not exceeding Thirty Shillings; the Keeper of the Second Parish Engine or other to the Second large engine which shall be next brought in such order, and Engine-keeper; so complete, to help to extinguish any such fire, shall be paid any sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and the Keeper of and to the any parish engine, or other large engine, which shall be the Jhird En8ine“ Third of such Engines,brought in such order, and so complete, keeper* to any such fire, shall be paid any sum not exceeding Ten Shillings; every such payment to be made by the church-

122 14° GEORGII III. Cap. 78.

wardens of each parish, or by the overseers of the poor of every such precinct or place, not having any churchwarden, (as the case may be), where any such fire shall happen; and in default of payment thereof, such reward shall be levied and recovered from the said churchwardens and overseers respectively, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every such churchwarden and overseer, in the same or like manner as the penalty or forfeiture of Ten Pounds is hereinbefore directed to be levied and recovered.

But no Reward

LXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further to be paid with- Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such Reward bati^of aPr°* paid to any turncock or engine-keeper, by the church-

Magistrate, &c. warden of any parish, or overseer of the poor of any precinct ’ or place aforesaid, where any fire may happen, without the Approbation and direction of the Alderman of the ward wherein such parish, precinct, or place, is situate, or his deputy, or of two of the common councilmen of the same ward for the time being, if such fire happens within the city of London, or the liberties thereof; or without the approbation and consent of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the said county of M, or county of , cur liberty where the same may happen, (as the case may be), residing within such parish, precinct, or place, where such fire happens; and if there be not any Justice or Justices of the Peace residing in such parish, precinct, or place, then of such Justice or Justices of the Peace residing in the parish or place near or next adjoining, if such fire happens any where within the limits of this Act, out of the said city of London, and the liberties thereof.

Where any

LXXVIII. And whereas many of the parishes within the Rewards for limits of this Act have been frequently put to considerable Fire'havebeen expences» occasioned, by the neglect of the inhabitants, as paid by the well lodgers and inmates as housekeepers, in not causing their Churchwardens Chimnies to be duly swept, by means whereof alarms of fire are frequently made, to the great terror and danger of His Majesty’s subjects, which probably would be prevented, if such inhabitants were Obliged to defray and bear the charges and expences attending such their neglects, or some reasonable part thereof; Be it therefore Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth day of June, in all cases where any reward or rewards, or other recompense, by this Act made payable, shall be borne and paid by any Churchwarden or Overseer of the poor, for or on account of any Fire being in a Chimney only, or first beginning in and occasioned by the taking fire of any chimney only, the inhabitant or inhabitants, occupier or occupiers, of any room or apartment to which any such chimney belongs, being a lodger or inmate to or with any tenant, renter, or holder of any house or building, of which such room or apartment is part, or, if such chimney belong not to any such

14° GEORGII III. Cap. 78.

123

lodger or inmate, then the tenant, renter, or occupier of the house or building wherein any such fire as last-mentioned first begins, shall reimburse and repay to the Churchwarden or The are to bQ Overseer of the poor all and every such reward and rewards, reimbursed by or other payments, by him or them made, pursuant to the Occupiers as directions of this Act, or such part thereof, as the Mayor, or &c*

other Justice of the Peace, of the said city of London, or* ect* Justice of the Peace for the liberty of His Majesty’s Tomer of London, or Justice of the Peace for the county of Middlesex, or county of Surrey, or for the city and liberty of Westminster,

(as the case may be), upon the application and complaint of such churchwarden or overseer of the poor, and hearing the party or parties complained against, shall, under his hand and seal, award and direct: and to the end the said Mayor, or To enable the other Justice aforesaid, may be the better enabled to award Mayor and and direct what may in any such case be just and reasonable, Justices to . the said mayor lor the time being, and every such justice, shall 1 elr

and may summon before him, after any such complaint made, the party and parties complained against, and all persons fit to give evidence touching the premises, of whom he shall have notice or information, and shall and may examine them and every of them, upon oath, (which oath the said mayor, and every such justice, is hereby impowered and required to administer, without fee or reward); and if the party or parties complained against, being summoned, do not appear, the said mayor and every such Justice of the Peace, shall and may proceed to examine the matter of the complaint and such evidence as is produced, and to make such award and direction thereupon as shall be just, and as if the party or parties making such default of appearance had been present, and heard, in his, her, or their defence; and if any sum, or sums of money, so awarded and directed to he reimbursed or repaid to any such churchwarden or overseer of the poor, be not so reimbursed or repaid within fourteen days after demand thereof made, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such churchwarden or overseer, by warrant under the hand and seal of such mayor, or other justice, (which warrant the said mayor, and every such justice, is hereby authorised to make), to levy every such reward and rewards, or other recompense, so paid, or such part thereof as shall have been so awarded and directed, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the party or parties making default of payment, or of any goods or chattels found in the room or apartment to which such chimney where such fire began belongs, or in any other part of any house or building whereof such room or apartment is part.

LXXXI. And, in order to raise money to defray the neces- Fire Engines, sary charges of providing and maintaining such Engine, Stop- &c*to hj Paid blocks, and Firecocks, and Keys, and other Implements and p™?* Rates Materials, and such Ladders as aforesaid, and the payment of 9

the rewards or gratuities directed by this Act, Be it Enacted

---

124 14° GEORGII III. Cap. 78.

by the authority aforesaid, That the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the said several parishes, precincts, and places, within the limits of this Act, or the major part of them, with the consent of the majority of such inhabitants as shall be, at any vestry, or other public meeting of such parish, precinct, or place, duly assembled, shall and may, from time to time, (as often as there may be occasion), out of the monies raised or received, or to be raised or received, by any rate or rates made, or to be made, for relief of the poor of every such parish, precinct, or place respectively, or by any especial rate or rates to be made for the purposes of this Act, pay, apply, and dispose of, such competent sum and sums of money as may be requisite for the ends aforesaid, in like manner as by law they may do for the maintenance and relief of the poor of their respective parishes, precincts, or places; and every such especial rate or rates which shall be made, as aforesaid, the same being allowed and confirmed in the like manner as the rates made for the relief of the poor are, or ought to be, allowed or confirmed, shall be levied and recovered in the same manner as the rates made for the relief of the poor now may, or ought to be, levied and recovered, subject to the like appeal as in cases of rates made for the relief of the poor; and the said officers shall be accountable for the same, in like manner as they are accountable for the money by them collected for the relief of the poor, and shall be liable to the like pains and commitments for not accounting for the same, and to the like distress and penalties for not paying the monies by them collected, levied, or received, and remaining in their hands, as overseers of the poor, are, by all or any of the laws of this land, liable to, for not accounting for, or not paying, monies collected by virtue of any rates for relief of the poor.

[Extracts of Acts removed.]

[Index removed.]

