Public Acts passed in 1640, 16 Charles 1 c.1 - c.38.
From Statutes of the Realm, vol 5, and Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 3.
---

1. An Act for the preventing of Inconveniences happening by the long Intermission of Parliament.

2. An Act for Relief of His Majesty's Army, and the northern Parts of the Kingdom.

3. An Act for the reforming of some Things mistaken in the late Act made this present Parliament, for the granting of four Subsidies, intituled, An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Army, and the Northern Parts of this Kingdom, and to make good the Acts of the Commissioners and other Officers by them authorized or appointed, and to be authorized or appointed.

4. An Act for the further Relief of His Majesty's Army, and the Northern Parts of the Kingdom.

5. An Act for the better raising and levying of Mariners, Sailors and others, for the present Guarding of the Seas, and necessary Defence of the Realm.

6. An Act concerning the Limitation and Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term.

7. An Act to prevent Inconveniences which may happen by the untimely adjourning, proroguing or dissolving of this present Parliament.

8. A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage, Poundage and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported.

9. An Act for the Speedy Provision of Money for Disbanding the Armies, and Settling the Peace of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland.

10. An Act for the Regulating the Privie Councell and for taking away the Court commonly called the Star Chamber.

11. An Act for a Repeal of a Branch of a Statute primo Elizabeth, concerning Commissioners for Causes Ecclesiastical.

12. A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported.

13. An Act for the securing of such Monies as are or shall be due to the Inhabitants of the County of York, and the other adjoining Counties, wherein His Majesty's Army is or hath been billeted, for the Billet of the Soldiers of the said Army, as also to certain Officers of the said Army who so forbear part of their Pay according to an Order in that Behalf made in the Commons House of Parliament this present Session, for such Part of their Pay as they shall to forbear.

14. An Act for declaring unlawfull and void the late proceedings touching Ship money and for vacating of all Records and Processe concerning the same.

15. An Act against divers Incroachments and Oppressions in the Stannary Courts.

16. An Act for the certainty of Forests and of the Meers Meets Limits & Bounds of the Forests.

17. An Act for the Pacification between England and Scotland.

18. An Act for securing by public Faith, the Remainder of the Friendly Assistance and Relief promised to our Brethren of Scotland.

19. An Act for the better ordering and regulating of the Office of Clerk of the Market, allowed and confirmed by this Statute; and for the Reformation of false Weights and Measures.

20. An Act for the Prevention of vexatious Proceedings touching the Order of Knighthood.

21. An Act for the free bringing in of Gunpowder and Saltpetre from foreign Parts, and for the free making of Gunpowder in this Realm.

22. A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchandize exported and imported.

23. An Act for the better raising and levying of Mariners, Sailors and others for the present Guarding of the Seas and necessary Defence of the Realm and other His Majesty's Dominions.

24. An Act to relieve Captives taken by Turkish, Moorish and other Pirates, and to prevent the taking of others in time to come.

25. A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage, Poundage and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported.



26. An Act for the better raising and levying of Mariners, Sailors and others for the present Guarding the Seas and necessary Defence of the Realm and other His Majesty's Kingdoms.

27. An Act for disenabling all Persons in Holy Orders to exercise any Temporal Jurisdiction or Authority.

28. An Act for the raising of Soldiers for the Defence of England and Ireland.

29. A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported.

30. An Act for a speedy Contribution and Loan towards the Relief of His Majesty's distressed Subjects of the Kingdom of Ireland.

31. A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported.

32. An Act for the raising and levying of Monies for the necessary Defence, and great Affairs of the Kingdoms of England and Ireland, and for the Payment of Debts undertaken by the Parliament.

33. An Act for the speedy and effectual reducing of the Rebels in His Majesty's Kingdom of Ireland to their due Obedience to His Majesty and the Crown of England.

34. An Act adding unto and explaining of certain Clauses in another Act made this Parliament, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual reducing of the Rebels in His Majesty's Kingdom of Ireland to their due Obedience to His Majesty and the Crown of England.

35. An Act to enable Corporations and Bodies Politick to participate of the Benefit of an Act lately passed, intituled, An Act for the Speedy and effectual reducing of the Rebels in His Majesty's Kingdom of Ireland to their due Obedience to His Majesty and the Crown of England.

36. A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage, Poundage and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandize exported and imported.

37. An Act for the Advancement of an effectual and speedy Reduction of the Rebels in Ireland to the Obedience of His Majesty and the Crown of England.

