Public Acts passed in 1692-3, 4 & 5 William and Mary, c.1 - c.25.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 3.
---

1. An Act for granting to their Majesties an Aid of four Shillings in the Pound for one Year, for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

2. An Act that the Inhabitants of the Province of York may dispose of their personal Estates by their Wills, notwithstanding the Custom of that Province.

3. An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France.

4. An Act for taking special Bails in the County upon Actions and Suits depending in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at Westminster.

5. An Act for granting to their Majesties certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandises for the prosecuting the present War against France.

6. An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year One thousand six hundred ninety and three, although the Month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

7. An Act to prevent Abuses committed by the Traders in Butter and Cheese.

8. An Act for encouraging the apprehending of Highwaymen.

9. An Act for reviving of Two former Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways in the County of Hertford.

10. An Act for prohibiting the Importation of all Foreign Hair Buttons.

11. An Act for examining, taking, and stating the public Accounts of this Kingdom.

12. An Act to make Parishioners of the Church united Contributors to the Repairs and Ornaments of the Church to whom the Union is made.

13. An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert their Majesties Service; and for punishing false Musters, and for the Payment of Quarters.

14. An Act for the Review of the quarterly Poll granted to their Majesties in the last Session of this present Parliament.

15. An Act for continuing certain Acts therein mentioned, and for charging several joint Stocks.

16. An act to prevent Frauds by clandestine Mortgages.

17. An Act for the regaining, encouraging, and settling the Greenland Trade.

18. An Act to prevent malicious Informations in the Court of King's Bench, and for the more easy Reversal of Outlawries in the same Court.

19. An Act for preventing Suits against such as acted for their Majesties Service in Defence of the Kingdom.

20. An Act for the better Discovery of Judgments in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at Westminster.

21. An Act for delivering Declarations to Prisoners.

22. An Act for regulating Proceedings in the Crown Office in the Court of King's Bench at Westminster.

23. An Act for the more easy Discovery and Conviction of such as shall destroy the Game of this Kingdom.

24. An Act for reviving, continuing, and explaining several Laws therein mentioned, which are expired and near expiring.

25. An act for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, and for the Encouragement of Privateers.
