Public Acts passed in 1693-4, 5 & 6 William and Mary, c.1 - c.25.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 3.
---

1. An Act for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound for One Year, for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

2. An Act for repealing such Parts of several former Acts, as prevent or prohibit the Importation of Foreign Brandy, Aqua Vitae, and other Spirits, and Bacon, except from France.

3. An Act for the Importation of fine Italian, Sicilian, and Naples Thrown Silk.

4. An Act to repeal a Clause in the Statute made in the Four and thirtieth and Five and thirtieth Years of King Henry the Eighth, by which Justices of Peace in Wales are limited to Eight in each County.

5. An Act to supply the Deficiency of the Money raised by a former Act, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France.

6. An Act to prevent Disputes and Controversies concerning Royal Mines.

7. An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France.

8. An Act for the explaining, and the more effectual Execution of a former Act, for the Relief of poor Prisoners.

9. An Act for Repeal of a Clause in the Statute of the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth (containing diverse Orders for Artificers and others) which relates to Weavers of Cloth.

10. An Act for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors of the City of London.

11. An Act to prevent Delays of Proceedings at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

12. An Act to take away the Process for the Capiatur Fine, in the several Courts at Westminster.

13. An Act to repeal the Statute made in the Tenth Year of King Edward the Third, for finding Sureties for the good Abearing, by him or her that hath a Pardon of Felony.

14. An Act for raising Money by a Poll, payable quarterly, for one Year, for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

15. An Act for continuing the Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert their Majesties Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for the Payment of Quarters, for one Year longer.

16. An Act for the Importation of Salt Petre, for One Year.

17. An Act for the Exportation of Iron, Copper, and Mundick Metal.

18. An Act for the enabling their Majesties to make Grants, Leases, and Copies, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made.

19. An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety four, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

20. An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates, and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France.

21. An Act for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for Four Years, towards carrying on the War against France.

22. An Act for the licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, and Stage Coaches.

23. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom.

24. An Act for building good and defensible Ships.

25. An Act for the better Discipline of their Majesties Navy Royal.
