Public Acts passed in 1694-5, 6 & 7 William 3 c.1 - c.20.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 3.
---

1. An Act for granting to their majesties a Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandises exported and imported.

2. An Act for the frequent meeting and calling of Parliaments.

3. An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year and for applying the yearly Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, for Five Years, out of the Duties of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchandises exported and imported, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

4. An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward Offices, and from serving upon Juries.

5. An Act for enabling such Persons as have Estates for Life in Annuities, payable by several former Acts therein mentioned, to purchase and obtain further or more certain Interest in such Annuities; and in Default thereof, for admitting other Persons to purchase or obtain the same, for raising Monies for carrying on the War against France.

6. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials, and upon Bachelors, and Widowers, for the Term of Five Years, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

7. An act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, and Spices, towards Satisfaction of the Debts due for Transport Service, for the Reduction of Ireland.

8. An Act for continuing two former Acts for punishing Officers and Soldiers, who shall mutiny or desert His Majesty's Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for Payment of Quarters, for One Year longer.

9. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the public Accounts.

10. An Act for the better Admeasurement of Keels, and Keel Boats, in the Port of Newcastle, and the Members thereunto belonging.

11. An Act for the more effectual suppressing profane Cursing and Swearing.

12. An Act for explaining and regulating several Doubts, Duties, and Penalties in the late Act for granting several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and for ascertaining the Admeasurement of the Tunnage of Ships.

13. An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1695; and for repealing the Statute of 2 & 3 Edw. 6. intituled, An Act against shooting of Hail Shot.

14. An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned.

15. An Act to indemnify Sir Thomas Cooke from Actions which he might be liable to, by Reason of his discovering to whom he paid and distributed several sums of Money therein mentioned to be received out of the treasure of the East India Company, or for any Prosecution for such Distribution.

16. An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames, Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River.

17. An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this Kingdom.

18. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against Prance.

19. An Act for imprisoning Sir Thomas Cooke, Sir Bazil Firebrace, Charles Bates, Esq; and James Craggs, and restraining them from alienating their Estates.

20. An Act for the King's most gracious, general, and free Pardon.
