Public Acts passed in 1695-6, 7 & 8 William 3 c.1 - c.39.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 3.
---

1. An Act for remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom.

2. An Act for enlarging the Times to come in and purchase certain Annuities therein mentioned, and for continuing the Duties formerly charged on Low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, for carrying on the War against France.

3. An Act for regulating of Trials in Cases of Treason and Misprision of Treason.

4. An Act for preventing Charge and Expense in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

5. An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound for One Year, for carrying on the War against France.

6. An Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tithes.

7. An Act to prevent false and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

8. An Act for taking, examining, and stating the public Accounts.

9. An Act for repairing the Highways between the City of London, and the Town of Harwich, in the County of Essex.

10. An Act for continuing several Duties granted by former Acts upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and East India Goods and other Merchandise imported, for carrying on the War against France.

11. An Act for impowering His Majesty to apprehend and detain such Persons, as he shall find Cause to suspect are conspiring against His Royal Person and Government.

12. An Act for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt or Damages.

13. An Act for taking off the Obligation and encouragement for coining Guineas, for a certain Time therein mentioned.

14. An Act for making navigable the Rivers of Wye, and Lugg, in the County of Hereford.

15. An Act for the continuing, meeting, and sitting of a Parliament, in case of the Death or Demise of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors.

16. An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety six, altho' the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

17. An Act to continue, four former Acts for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England.

18. An Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, for making good the Deficiency of the clipped Money.

19. An Act to encourage the bringing plate into the Mint, to be coined; and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom.

20. An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon all French Goods and Merchandise.

21. An Act for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen.

22. An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in the Plantation Trade.

23. An Act for continuing several former Acts for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert His majesty's Service, and for punishing false Musters, and for Payment of Quarters, for One Year longer.

24. An Act requiring the Practicers of the Law to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration therein mentioned.

25. An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning such Members.

26. An Act for repairing the Highways between Wymondham and Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk.

27. An Act for the better Security of His majesty's Royal Person and Government.

28. An Act for the more effectually preventing the Exportation of Wool, and for the encouraging the Importation thereof from Ireland.

29. An Act for the better amending and repairing the Highways, and Explanation of the Laws relating thereto.

30. An Act for laying several Duties upon Low wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise.

31. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties upon Salt, Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Wares, and for granting several Duties upon Tobacco Pipes, and other Earthen Wares, for carrying on the War against France, and for establishing a national Land bank, and for taking off the Duties upon Tonnage of Ships, and upon Coals.

32. An Act for the Ease of Jurors, and better regulating of Juries.

33. An Act for the better Encouragement of the Greenland Trade.

34. An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form.

35. An Act for the enforcing the Laws which restrain Marriages without Licence or Banns; and for the better registring Marriages, Births, and Burials.

36. An Act for continuing several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned.

37. An Act for the Encouragement of charitable Gifts and Dispositions.

38. An Act to take away the Custom of Wales, which hinders Persons from disposing their Personal estates by their Wilis.

39. An Act for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of Ireland, and bringing Flax and Hemp into, and the making of Sail cloth in this Kingdom.
