Public Acts passed in 1697-8, 9 & 10 William 3 c.1 - c.45.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 3.
---

1. An Act against corresponding with the late King James and his Adherents.

2. An Act to prevent the further Currency of any hammered Silver Coin of this Kingdom, and for recoining such as is now in being; and for the making out new Exchequer Bills, where the former Bills are or shall be filled up by Indorsements.

3. An Act to give further Time for the administering of Oaths relating to Tallies and Orders, and for the easier Dispatch of the Public Business in the Exchequer, and in the Bank of England.

4. An Act for continuing the Imprisonment of Counter, and others, for the late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his Sacred Majesty.

5. An Act for satisfying and discharging the arrears of several Annuities which incurred between the seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety six, and the seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety seven.

6. An Act that all Retailers of Salt shall sell by Weight.

7. An Act to prevent the throwing or firing of Squibs, Serpents and other Fire-works.

8. An Act for explaining an Act made the last Session of Parliament for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry.

9. An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation of Foreign Bone-lace, Loom-lace, Needle-work, Point, and Cut-work.

10. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one Million four hundred eighty-four thousand and fifteen pounds, one Shilling, eleven Pence three Farthings, for disbanding Forces, paying Seamen, and other Uses therein mentioned.

11. An Act for explaining an act made the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for applying same Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom.

12. An Act for the enlarging, repairing, and preserving the Bridge and Key of the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset.

13. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Coals and Culm.

14. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, and Spices, towards Satisfaction of the Debt due for Transport Service for the Reduction of Ireland.

15. An Act for determining Differences by Arbitration.

16. An Act to Execute Judgments and Decrees, saved in a Clause in an Act of the first Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for talking away the Court held before the President and Council of the Marches of Wales.

17. An Act for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange.

18. An Act for repairing the Highways from the Town of Birdlipp, and the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to the City of Gloucester.

19. An Act for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the Hithe at Colchester, to Wivenhoe.

20. An Act to naturalise the Children of such Officers and Soldiers, and others, the natural born Subjects of this Realm, who have been born abroad during the War, the parents of such Children having been in the Service of this Government.

21. An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing the Coin of this Kingdom.

22. An Act to repeal an Act made in the nine and thirtieth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to restrain the excessive making of Malt, and to discharge and vacate Orders made by Justices of Peace, by Virtue thereof, for restraining Malsters from making Malt.

23. An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, towards raising the yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, for the Service of his Majesty's Household, and other Uses therein mentioned, during his Majesty's Life.

24. An Act for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain Estates or Interests in several Annuities therein mentioned.

25. An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, further Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

26. An Act to settle the Trade to Africa.

27. An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, for a further Provision of Interest for the Transport Debt for reducing of Ireland.

28. An Act for the exporting Watches, Sword Hilts, and other Manufactures of Silver.

29. An Act to repeal the Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of Creditors, by making Composition with their Debtors, in Case two thirds in Number and Value do agree.

30. An Act for increasing his Majesty's Duties upon Lustrings and Alamodes.

31. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

32. An Act for the more effectual suppressing of Blasphemy and Profaneness.

33. An Act to stop the coining of Farthings and Halfpence for one Year.

34. An Act for the more orderly Payment of the Lottery Tickets, now payable out of certain additional Duties of Excise, and of other Annuities lately payable out of the Tunnage Duties.

35. An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the charging, collecting, and paying the Duties upon Marriages, Births, Burials, Bachelors, and Widowers.

36. An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the New Forest in the County of Southampton.

37. An Act for applying to the Use of his Majesty's Navy and Ordnance, the Overplus of the Money and Stores which were provided for the building seven and twenty Ships of War.

38. An Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Quarterly Poll, for one Year.

39. An Act for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, for the better making of Silver and Gold Thread, and to prevent the Abuses of Wire-drawers.

40. An Act for the Explanation and better Execution of former Acts made against transporting of Wool, Fullers Earth and Scouring Clay.

41. An Act for the better preventing the Imbezilment of his Majesty's Stores of War, and preventing Cheats, Frauds, and Abuses in paying Seamens Wages.

42. An Act for enlarging the Time for registring of Ships, pursuant to the Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in the Plantation Trade.

43. An Act for the better Encouragement of the Royal Lustring Company, and the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Lustrings and Alamodes.

44. An Act for raising a Sum, not exceeding two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities, after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies.

45. An Act for taking away half the Duties imposed on Glass Wares, and the whole Duties lately laid on Stone and Earthen Wares, and Tobacco Pipes; and for granting (in lieu thereof) new Duties upon Whale Fins, and Scotch Linen.
