Public Acts passed in 1698-9, 10 & 11 William 3 c.1 - c.26.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 4.
---

1. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for disbanding the Army, and other necessary Occasions.

2. An Act to prevent the making or selling Buttons made of Cloth, Serge, Drugget, or other Stuffs.

3. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of any Corn, Malt, Meal, Flower, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, for one Year, from the tenth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety eight.

4. An Act to prohibit the excessive distilling of Spirits and Low Wines from Corn, and against the exporting of Beer and Ale, and to prevent Frauds in Distillers.

5. An Act for the clearing, repairing, preserving, and, maintaining the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk.

6. An Act to enlarge the Trade to Russia.

7. An Act for preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers, in making the Returns of Members chosen to serve in Parliament.

8. An Act for making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgewater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset.

9. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one Million four hundred eighty-four thousand and fifteen Pounds, one Shilling, eleven Pence three Farthings, for disbanding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necessary Occasions.

10. An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England.

11. An Act to enable such Officers and Soldiers as have been in his Majesty's Service, during the late War, to exercise Trades; and for Officers to account with their Soldiers.

12. An Act for raising the Militia for the year one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

13. An Act for the continuing the Imprisonment of Counter, and others, for the late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate his sacred Majesty.

14. An Act for limiting certain Times within which Writs of Error shall be brought for the reverting Fines, Common Recoveries, and ancient Judgments.

15. An Act for continuing the Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tithes.

16. An Act to enable posthumous Children to take Estates, as if born in their father's lifetime.

17. An Act for suppressing of Lotteries.

18. An Act for taking off the remaining Duties upon Glass Wares.

19. An Act for making and keeping navigable the Rivers of Air and Calder, in the County of York.

20. An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable.

21. An Act for laying further Duties upon Sweets, and for lessening the Duties as well upon Vinegar, as upon certain Low Wines and Whale Fins, and the Duties upon Brandy imported, and for the more easy raising the Duties upon Leather, and for charging Cinders, and for permitting the Importation of Pearl Ashes, and for preventing Abuses in the brewing of Beer and Ale, and Frauds in Importation of Tobacco.

22. An Act for the more full and effectual charging of the Duties upon Rock Salt.

23. An Act for the better apprehending, prosecuting, and punishing of Felons that commit Burglary, House-breaking, or Robbery, in Shops, Warehouses, coach houses, or Stables, or that steal Horses.

24. An Act for making Billingsgate a free Market for Sale of Fish.

25. An Act to encourage the Trade to Newfoundland.

26. An Act for opening the ancient and making any new Roynes and Water-courses in and near Sedgmore, in the County of Somerset, for rendering the said Moor more healthful and profitable to the Inhabitants.

