Public Acts passed in 1699-1700, 11 & 12 William 3 c.1 - c.24.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 4.
---

1. AN Act for taking away the Bounty Money, for exporting Corn, from the ninth of February one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, to the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned.

3. An Act for laying further Duties upon wrought Silks, Muslins, and some other Commodities of the East Indies, and for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain Reversionary Annuities therein mentioned.

4. An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery.

5. An Act for the Repair of Dover Harbour.

6. An Act to enable his Majesty's natural-born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or Collateral, notwithstanding their Father and Mother were Aliens.

7. An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy.

8. An Act for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War.

9. An Act for preventing of frivolous and vexatious Suits in the Principality of Wales, and the Counties Palatine.

10. An Act for the more effectual imploying the Poor, by encouraging the Manufactures of this Kingdom.

11. An Act to repeal an Act made in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendring the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation of Foreign Bone Lace, Loom Lace, Needle Work, Point, and Cut Work, three Months after the Prohibition of the Woollen Manufactures in Flanders shall be taken off.

12. An Act to punish Governors of Plantations in this Kingdom, for Crimes by them committed in the Plantations.

13. An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, and for explaining the Act, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into Foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England.

14. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred, although the Month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

15. An Act for the ascertaining the Measures for retailing Ale and Beer.

16. An Act for the better ascertaining the Tithes of Hemp and Flax.

17. An Act to prevent Disputes that may arise by Officers and Members of Corporations, having neglected to sign the Association, and taken the Oaths in due Time.

18. An Act for the more effectual punishing of Vagrants, and sending them whether by Law they ought to be sent.

19. An Act to enable Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respective Counties.

20. An Act for taking away the Duties upon the Woollen Manufactures, Corn, Grain, Bread, Biscuit, and Meal exported.

21. An Act for the Explanation and better Execution of former Acts made touching Watermen, and Wherrymen rowing on the River of Thames, and for the better ordering and governing the said Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen upon the said River, between Gravesend and Windsor.

22. An Act for making the River Lark, alias Burne, navigable.

23. An Act for the better preserving the Navigation of the Rivers Avon and Froome, and for cleansing, paving, and enlightning the Streets of the City of Bristol.

24. An Act to enable the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Chester to recover and preserve the Navigation upon the River Dee.

