Public Acts passed in 1701, 12 William 3 c.1 - c.13.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 4.
---

1. An Act for the renewing the Bills of Credit, commonly called Exchequer Bills.

2. An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject.

3. An Act for preventing any Inconveniences that may happen by Privilege of Parliament.

4. An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay Masters, for allaying wrought Plate in the Cities of York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, and Norwich.

5. An Act for continuing a former Act to prevent false and double returns of Members to serve in parliament.

6. An Act for continuing the Acts therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England.

7. An Act for the better settling and preferring the Library kept in the House at Westminster, called Cotton-House, in the Name and Family of the Cottons, for the Benefit of the Publick.

8. An Act for raising the Militia for one Year, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

9. An Act for the recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom.

10. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty for defraying the Expense of his Navy, Guards and Garrisons, for one Year and for other necessary Occasions.

11. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, and continuing several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and certain Impositions upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and the Duty of fifteen percent, upon Muslins, and for improving the Duties upon japanned and lacquered Goods, and for continuing the Coinage Duty, for the several Terms and Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act for appropriating three thousand seven hundred Pounds weekly out of certain Branches of Excise, for public Uses, and for making a Provision for the Service of his Majesty's Household and Family, and other his necessary Occasions.

13. An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for Confirmation of Leases already made.
