Public Acts passed in 1701-2, 13 & 14 William & 1 Anne, sess. 1. c.1 - c.33.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 4.
Note c.33 neither in Ruffhead nor Picking, but only SotR.
---

1. An Act for reviving and continuing an Act, intituled, An Act for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War.

2. An Act for punishing of Officers and Soldiers, that shall mutiny or desert in England or Ireland.

3. An Act for the Attainder of the pretended Prince of Wales of High Treason.

4. An Act for continuing an Act, intituled, An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by laying Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry.

6. An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors.

7. An Act for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

8. An Act for explaining a Clause in an Act made at the Parliament begun and held at Westminster, the two and twentieth of November, in the seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's Royal Person and Government.

9. An Act for continuing the Act made in the eighth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom.

10. An Act for taking, examining and stating the public Accounts of the Kingdom.

11. An Act for reviving the Act, intituled, An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward Offices, and from serving upon Juries.

12. An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, by diverse Subsidies and a Land Tax.

13. An Act for making good Deficiences, and for preserving the public Credit.

14. An Act for enabling her Majesty to appoint commissioners to treat for an Union between the Kingdoms of England and Scotland.

15. An Act to ascertain the Water-measure of Fruit.

16. An Act for the enlarging and encouraging the Greenland Trade.

17. An Act for continuing and amending the Act made in the ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, and for the better making of Gold and Silver Thread, and to prevent the Abuses of wire drawers.

18. An Act to explain and alter the Act made In the two and twentieth Year of King Henry the Eighth, concerning repairing and amending of Bridges in the Highways; and for repealing an Act made in the twenty-third Year of Queen Elizabeth, for the re-edifying of Cardiffe Bridge in the County of Glamorgan; and also for changing the Day of Election of the Wardens and Assistants of Rochester Bridge.

19. An Act for the rebuilding and repairing the Piers of the Town and Port of Whitby in the County of York.

20. An Act for making the River Derwent, in the County of York, navigable.

21. An Act for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Salt, and for the better Payment of Debentures at the customhouse.

22. An Act to declare the Alterations in the Oath appointed to be taken by the Act, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; and for declaring the Association to be determined.

23. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and two, notwithstanding the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

24. An Act for the continuing the present Sheriffs in England and Wales, until the first Day of Hillary Term next, unless her Majesty shall think fit to determine them sooner.

25. An Act for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt.

26. An Act for the Relief of the Masters of Hoys, and other Vessels carrying Corn, and other Inland Provisions, within the Port of London.

27. An Act for the Importation of fine Italian thrown Silk.

28. An Act for importing into England thrown Silk of the Growth of Sicily, from the Port of Leghorne in Italy.

29. An Act for the continuing the Imprisonment of Counter, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his late sacred Majesty King William the Third.

30. An Act to oblige the Jews to maintain and provide for their Protestant Children.

31. An Act for making more effectual the Provision out of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, for the building of Churches, and augmenting small Vicarages in Ireland.

32. An Act for the Relief of the Protestant Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

33. An Act for confirming a Purchase made by Her Majesty and an Exchange between Her Majesty and the Deane and Canons of the Kings free Chappell within the Castle of Windsor.
