Public Acts passed in 1702, 1 Anne, sess. 2. c.1 - c.24.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 4.
---

1. An Act for granting to her Majesty a Land Tax for carrying on the War against France and Spain.

2. An Act for enabling her Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of his Royal Highness Prince George Hereditary of Denmark, in case he shall survive her Majesty.

3. An Act for granting a supply to her Majesty by several Duties imposed upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry.

4. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by Sale of several Annuities at the Exchequer, for carrying on the War against France and Spain.

6. An Act for the better preventing Escapes out of the Queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

7. An Act for explaining and making effectual a late Statute concerning the Haven and Piers of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, and for confirming the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough.

8. An Act for Explanation of a Clause in one Act made in the seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, relating to Borelaps, and to take off the additional Subsidy upon Irish Linen.

9. An Act for punishing of Accessaries to Felonies, and receivers of stolen Goods, and to prevent the wilful burning and destroying of Ships.

10. An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways from the North End of Thornwood Common, to Woodford in the County of Essex.

11. An Act for making the River Chain alias Grant, in the County of Cambridge, more navigable, from Clayhithe Ferry, to the Queen's Mill, in the University and Town of Cambridge.

12. An Act for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul, London.

13. An Act for continuing former Acts for exporting Leather, and for Ease of Jurors, and for reviving and making more effectual an Act relating to Vagrants.

14. An Act for the encouraging the Consumption of malted Corn, and for the better preventing the running of French and Foreign Brandy.

15. An Act for granting to her Majesty several Subsidies for carrying on the War against France and Spain.

16. An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert her Majesty's Service in England or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters in England.

17. An Act for enlarging the Time for taking the Oath of Abjuration; and also for recapacitating and indemnifying such Persons as have not taken the same by the Time limited, and shall take the same by a Time to be appointed; and for the further Security of her Majesty's person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors.

18. An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron Manufactures of this Kingdom.

19. An Act for taking, examining, and stating the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

20. An Act for reviving and continuing the late Acts for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine the Debts due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War.

21. An Act for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for vesting such as remain unsold by the present Trustees, in her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, for such Uses as the same were before vested in the said Trustees; for the more effectual selling and settling the said Estates to Protestants; and for explaining several Acts relating to the Lord Bophin, and Sir Edmund Everard.

22. An Act for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

23. An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year one thousand seven hundred and three, notwithstanding the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

24. An Act to oblige Edward Whitaker, to account for such Sums of publick Money as have been received by him.
