Public Acts passed in 1704, 3 & 4 Anne, c.1 - c.18.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 4.
---

1. An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year one thousand seven hundred and five.

2. An Act for raising Monies by Sale of several Annuities, for carrying on the present War.

3. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for one Year.

4. An Act for continuing Duties upon Low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and upon Muslins; and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Calicoes, China Ware, and Drugs.

5. An Act for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines, and Merchandizes imported.

6. An Act for the better enabling her Majesty to grant the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, with the Hundred of Wootton, to the Duke of Marlborough, and his Heirs, in Consideration of the eminent Services by him performed to her Majesty and the Public.

7. An Act for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers that may arise from several Acts lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland.

8. An Act to permit the Exportation of Irish Linen Cloth to the Plantations, and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland.

9. An Act for giving like Remedy upon Promissory Notes, as is now used upon Bills of Exchange, and for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange.

10. An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from her Majesty's Plantations in America.

11. An Act for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and five.

12. An Act for the Relief of the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, a Bankrupt, and for the apprehending of him, and the Discovery of the Effects of the said Thomas Pitkin, and his Accomplices.

13. An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France.

14. An Act to prevent all traitorous Correspondence with her Majesty's Enemies.

15. An Act for the Relief of Fulke Emes Gent. and others, who had elapsed their Times, either for paying their Money, or naming their Nominees, for purchasing Annuities; and also for Relief of Sir John Mead Knight and Baronet, who had elapsed his Time for paying Part of his purchase money for a forfeited Estate in Ireland, and also for Relief of Dorothy Ireland, and others, in Respect of several Tickets for Payment of Annuities, and of several Million Lottery, and Malt Lottery Tickets, and Exchequer Bills, and Debentures to Army, which have been burnt or lost.

16. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

17. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and five, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

18. An Act for making perpetual an Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tithes; and also an Act for the more easy obtaining Partition of Lands in Coparcenary, Joint-tenancy, and Tenancy in Common; and also for making more effectual and amending several Acts relating to the Return of Jurors.
