Public Acts passed in 1705, 4 & 5 Anne, c.1 - c.27.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 4.
---

1. An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present parliament for naturalising the most Excellent Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Issue of her Body.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in the Year one thousand seven hundred and six.

3. An Act to repeal several Clauses in the Statute made in the third and fourth Years of her present Majesty's Reign, for securing the Kingdom of England from several Acts lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland.

4. An Act for the Naturalisation of the most Excellent Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Issue of her Body.

5. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and six.

6. An Act for continuing an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and additional Duties of Excise, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and six, and other Uses therein mentioned.

7. An Act for making the Town of New Ross, in the County of Wexford in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Port for the exporting of Wool from Ireland into this Kingdom.

8. An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line.

9. An Act for repairing the Highways between Barnhill and Hatton Heath, in the County of Chester.

10. An Act for the better recruiting her Majesty's Army and Marines.

11. An Act for continuing an Act made in the Session held in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters.

12. An Act for laying further Duties on Low Wines, and for preventing the Damage to her Majesty's Revenue by Importation of foreign cut Whalebone, and for making some Provisions as to the Stamp Duties, and the Duties on Births, Burials, and Marriages, and the Salt Duties, and touching Million Lottery Tickets, and for enabling her Majesty to dispose the effects of William Kidd, a notorious Pirate, to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and for appropriating the public Monies granted in this Session of Parliament.

13. An Act for the better ordering and governing the Watermen and Lightermen upon the River of Thames.

14. An Act for the better collecting Charity Money on Briefs, by Letters Patent, and preventing Abuses in relation to such Charities.

15. An Act for making the River Stower navigable, from the own of Maningtree in the County of Essex, to the Town of Sudbury in the County of Suffolk.

16. An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice.

17. An Act to prevent Frauds frequently committed by Bankrupts.

18. An Act for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Parton in the County of Cumberland.

19. An Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier Manning her Majesty's Fleet.

20. An Act for the better enabling the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of Trinity House, to rebuild the Lighthouse on the Edystone Rock.

21. An Act for the Increase and better Preservation of Salmon, and other Fish, in the Rivers within the Counties of Southampton and Wilts.

22. An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to issue out of the Monies arising by the Coinage Duty, any Sum not exceeding five hundred Pounds, over and above the Sum of three thousand Pounds yearly, for the Uses of the Mint.

23. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and six, notwithstanding the Month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid; and for an Account to be made of Trophy Monies.

24. An Act to enlarge the Time for registring unsatisfied Debentures upon the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for renewing of other Debentures, which have been lost, burnt, or destroyed.

25. An Act for the paying and clearing the several Regiments commanded by Lieutenant General Stewart, Colonel Hill, and Brigadier Holt, and for supplying the Defect of the Muster Rolls of those and several other Regiments.

26. An Act for making effectual a Grant of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, of the Town and Lands of Sea Town to the Archbishopric of Dublin, and for restoring the same to the said See.

27. An Act for the impropriate Tithes of the Parish of Saint Bridget alias Bride's, London.
