Public Acts passed in 1706, 5 Anne, c.1 - c.34.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 4.
---

1. An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven.

2. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven.

3. An Act for the settling of the Honours and Dignities of John Duke of Marlborough upon his Posterity, and annexing the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, and House of Blenheim, to go along with the said Honours.

4. An Act for settling upon John Duke of Marlborough and his Posterity, a Pension of five thousand Pounds per Annum, for the more honourable Support of their Dignities, in like Manner as his Honours and Dignities, and the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, and House of Blenheim, are already limited and settled.

5. An Act for securing the Church of England as by Law established.

6. An Act for repealing a Clause in an Act, intituled, An Act for the better apprehending, prosecuting, and puntshing Felons that commit Burglaries, House-breaking, or Robberies in Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, or Stables, or that steal Horses.

7. An Act for regulating and ascertaining the Duties to be paid by the Unfreemen Importers of Coals into the Port and Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk.

8. An Act for an Union of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland.

9. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Escapes out of the Queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

10. An Act for repairing the Highway between Hockliffe and Woborne, in the County of Bedford.

11. An Act for continuing the Acts formerly made for Repairing of the Highways in the County of Hertford.

12. An Act for the enlarging the Passage leading to New Palace Yard through the Gatehouse, Westminster.

13. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Houses, to secure a yearly Fund for circulating Exchequer Bills, whereby a Sum not exceeding fifteen hundred thousand Pounds is intended to be raised, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

14. An Act for the better Preservation of the Game.

15. An Act for the better Recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces and the Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven.

16. An Act for continuing an Act made in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and False Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters.

17. An Act to repeal all the Laws prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Lace made with Thread.

18. An Act for Inrolments of Bargains and Sales within the West Riding of the County of York, in the Register Office there lately provided; and for making the said Register more effectual.

19. An Act for continuing the Duties on Low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction, and the Duties payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and Part of the Duties on stamp'd Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and the late Duties on Sweets, and the one third Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain Overplus Monies, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven, and other Uses therein expressed.

20. An Act for the better Encouragement of the Royal Lustring Company.

21. An Act for repairing the Highway between Fornhill in the County of Bedford, and the Town of Stony-Stratford in the County of Buckingham.

22. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for preventing Frauds frequently committed by Bankrupts.

23. An Act to subject the Estate of Thomas Brerewood to the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, notwithstanding any Agreement or Composition made by the Creditors of the said Thomas Pitkin,

24. An Act for discharging small Livings from their First fruits and Tenths, and all Arrears thereof.

25. An Act for making the Acts more effectual for appropriating the forfeited Impropriations in Ireland, for the building of Churches, and augmenting poor Vicarages there.

26. An Act for repairing the Highways between Shepherds-Shord and the Devizes, and between the Top of Ashlinton Hill and Rowd Ford in the County of Wilts.

27. An Act for continuing several Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties, and for making Provisions therein mentioned, to raise Money by Way of Loan for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions; and for ascertaining the Wine Measure.

28. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven, notwithstanding the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid; and for an Account to be made of Trophy Money.

29. An Act for Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of White Herrings, Flesh, Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer alias Bigg, and are to be made upon Exportation of the like from Scotland.

30. An Act for the better securing her Majesty's Purchase of Cotton House in Westminster.

31. An Act for the encouraging the Discovery and Apprehending of house breakers.

32. An Act for the continuing the Laws for the punishment of Vagrants, and for making such Laws more effectual.

33. An Act for obliging John Rice to account for Debentures granted to him in the last Session of Parliament.

34. An Act for continuing the Laws therein mentioned relating to the Poor, and to the buying and selling of Cattle in Smithfield, and for suppressing of Piracy.
