Public Acts passed in 1707, 6 Anne, c.1 - c.37.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 4.
---

1. An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight.

2. An Act for repealing and declaring the Determination of two Acts passed in the Parliament of Scotland, the one, intituled, Act for the Security of the Kingdom; the other, Act anent Peace and War.

3. An Act for the better securing the Duties of East India Goods.

4. An Act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight.

5. An Act for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight, and other Uses, by Sale of Annuities charged on a Fund, not exceeding forty thousand Pounds per Annum, to arise by appropriating several Surplusses, and by granting further Terms in the Duties on Low Wines, and on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, the Stamp Duties, the One Third Subsidy, the Duty on Sweets, and one of the Branches of Excise, and by making other Provision in this Act mentioned.

6. An Act for rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms more entire and complete.

7. An Act for the Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

8. An Act for encouraging the Dressing and Dying of Woollen Clothes within this Kingdom, by laying a Duty upon Broad Cloth expoited White.

9. An Act for the Exportation of White Woollen Cloth.

10. An Act for the better Recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight.

11. An Act for continuing one Half Part of the Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandises imported, which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles II and for settling a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, not exceeding eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1708. and other Uses therein expressed.

12. An Act to explain, the Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in Relation to Allowances out of the Duties upon Salt carried Coastwise, and also an Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, in Relation to certain Salt-works near the Sea-side and Bay of Holyhead in the County of Anglesea.

13. An Act for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom by Cruisers and Convoys.

14. An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government.

15. An Act to empower her Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as her Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against her Person or Government.

16. An Act for repealing the Act of the first Year of King James I. intituled, An Act for the well garbling of Spices, and for granting an Equivalent to the City of London, by admitting Brokers.

17. An Act for assuring to the English Company trading to the East Indies, on Account of the united Stock, a longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned, and for raising thereby the Sum of 1,200,000l. for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's occasions.

18. An Act for the more effectual Discovery of the Death of Persons pretended to be alive, to the Prejudice of those who claim Estates after their Deaths.

19. An Act for continuing the Half Subsidies therein mentioned, with several Impositions and other Duties, to raise Money by Way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions, and for charging of Prize Goods and Seizures, and for taking off the Drawbacks of foreign Cordage, and to obviate the clandestine Importation of wrought Silks.

20. An Act for continuing an Act made in the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion and for false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters.

21. An Act for the avoiding of Doubts and Questions touching the Statutes of diverse Cathedral and Collegiate Churches.

22. An Act for continuing several Duties therein mentioned, upon Coffee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, and Muslins, and additional Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and certain Duties upon Calicoes, China Wares, and Drugs; and for continuing the Duties called the two third Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage; for preserving the public Credit; and for ascertaining the Duties of Coals exported for foreign Parts; and for securing the Credit of the Bank of England, and for passing several Accounts of Taxes raised in the County of Monmouth; and for promoting the Consumption of such Tobacco as shall have paid her Majesty's Duties.

23. An Act to make further Provision for electing and summoning sixteen Peers of Scotland, to sit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland, and for the further regulating of Votes in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

24. An Act for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent Money.

25. An Act to enable her Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

26. An Act for settling and establishing a Court of Exchequer in the North Part of Great Britain, called Scotland.

27. An Act to enlarge the Time for returning the Certificates of all Ecclesiastical Livings, not exceeding the yearly Value of fifty Pounds; as also for discharging all Livings of that Value from the Payment of First fruits; and for allowing Time to Archbishops and Bishops, and other dignitaries, for Payment of their First fruits.

28. An Act for continuing the Act for ascertaining the Tithes of Hemp and Flax.

29. An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, (for amending and repairing the Highways) which enjoins Waggoners and others to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts; and to oblige them to draw only with six Horses, or other Beasts, except up Hills.

30. An Act for ascertaining the Rates of foreign Coins in her Majesty's Plantations in America.

31. An Act for the better preventing Mischiefs that may happen by Fire.

32. An Act for regulating the Qualifications of the Elections of the Governor, Deputy Governor, or Directors, and Voters of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

33. An Act for the Importation of Cochineal from any Ports in Spain, during the present war, and six Months longer.

34. An Act for limiting a Time to Persons to come in and make their Claims to any of the forfeited Estates and other Interests in Ireland, sold by the Trustees for Sale of those Estates to the Governor and Company for making hollow Sword Blades in England, and diverse other Purchasers.

35. An Act for the public registring, of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances that shall be made of, or that may affect any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the East Riding of the County of York, or the Town and county of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, after the 29th Day of September 1708. and for the rendring the Register in the West Riding more complete.

36. An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1708. although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

37. An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America.
