Public Acts passed in 1708, 7 Anne, c.1 - c.26.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 4.
---

1. An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1709.

2. An Act for the speedy and effectual recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1709.

3. An Act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1709.

4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters.

5. An Act for naturalising Foreign Protestants.

6. An Act for explaining and making more effectual that Part of an Act passed in the fifth Year of her present Majesty's Reign, concerning the buying and selling of Cattle in Smithfield, and for giving Leave for bringing up Calves dead to London, as formerly.

7. An Act for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England, and for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Year 1709.

8. An Act for continuing several Impositions and Duties, to raise Money by way of Loan; and for exporting British Copper and Brass Wire Duty free; and for circulating a further Sum in Exchequer Bills, in case a new Contrast be made in that Behalf; and concerning the Oaths to be administered in relation to Italian Thrown Silks; and touching Oils and Plantation Goods of Foreigners, taken or to be taken as Prize; and concerning Drugs of America, to be imported from her Majesty's Plantations; and for appropriating the Monies given in this Session of Parliament; and for making out Debentures for two Transport Ships in this Act named; and to allow a further Time for registring certain Debentures; and for Relief of Persons who have lost such Tickets, Exchequer Bills, Debentures, Tallies, or Orders, as in this Act are mentioned.

9. An Act for giving the Commissioners of Sewers for the City of London, the same Powers as the Commissioners of Sewers for Counties have; and to oblige Collectors for the Sewers to account.

10. An Act for rendring more effectual the Laws concerning Commissioners of Sewers.

11. An Act for ascertaining and directing the Payment of the Allowances to be made for or upon the Exportation from Scotland of Fish, Beef, and Pork, cured with Foreign Salt imported before 1 May, 1707. and for disposing such Salt still remaining in the Hands of her Majesty's Subjects there, and for ascertaining and securing the Allowances for Fish and Flesh exported and to be exported from Scotland, for the future.

12. An Act for preferring the Privileges of Ambassadors, and other publick Ministers of Foreign Princes and States.

13. An Act for the better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of Woollen Cloth made in the County of York.

14. An Act for the better Preservation of Parochial Libraries in that Part of Great Britain called England.

15. An Act for altering Whitsuntide and Lammas Terms for the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

16. An Act to prevent the laying of Wagers relating to the Publick.

17. An Act for making more effectual an Act made in the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing of Mischiefs that may happen by Fire.

18. An Act to preserve the Rights of Patrons to advowsons.

19. An Act to enable Infants who are seized or possessed of Estates in Fee, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates.

20. An Act for the public registring of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, and other Incumbrances which shall be made of, or that may affect any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Middlesex, after the 29th of September, 1709.

21. An Act for improving the Union of the two Kingdoms.

22. An Act for the Queen's most gracious, general, and free Pardon.

23. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1709, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

24. An Act continuing the former Act for the Encouragement of Coinage, and to encourage the bringing Foreign Coins, and British or Foreign Plate, to be coined, and for making Provision for the Mints in Scotland, and for the prosecuting Offences concerning the Coin in England.

25. An Act for making perpetual an Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom; as also an Act for giving like Remedy upon promissory Notes, as is used upon Bills of Exchange, and for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange; and also for continuing several Acts made in the fourth and fifth Years of her Majesty's Reign, for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts.

26. An Act for appointing Commissioners to treat and agree for such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as shall be judged proper to be purchased for the better fortifying Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich.
