Public Acts passed in 1710, 9 Anne, c.1 - c.30.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 4.
---

1. An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1711.

2. An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infected, more effectually to perform their Quarantine.

3. An Act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1711.

4. An Act to continue the Acts for recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1711.

5. An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to sit in the House of Commons.

6. An Act for reviving, continuing, and appropriating certain Duties upon several Commodities to be exported; and certain Duties upon Coals to be water born, and carried Coastwise; for granting further Duties upon Candles, for thirty-two Years, to raise 150,000l. by Way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eleven; and for suppressing such unlawful Lotteries, and such Insurance Offices, as are therein mentioned.

7. An Act for enabling and obliging the Bank of England, for the Time therein mentioned, to exchange all Exchequer Bills for ready Money upon Demand; and to disable any Person to be Governor, Deputy Governor, or Director of the Bank of England, and a Director of the East India Company, at the same Time.

8. An Act to repeal the act of the third and fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, so far as it relates to the prohibiting the Importation of French Wines.

9. An Act to continue the act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters; and for approving of Medicines for the Army.

10. An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

11. An Act for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, and upon Vellum and Parchment, for the Term of thirty-two Years, for prosecuting the War, and other her Majesty's most necessary Occasions.

12. An Act for laying a Duty upon Hops.

13. An Act for taking, examining, and stating the public accounts of this Kingdom.

14. An Act for the better preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming.

15. An Act for making more effectual an act of the forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act concerning the Assises of Fuel, so far as it relates to the Assise of Billet.

16. An Act to make an Attempt on the Life of a Privy Counsellor, in the Execution of his Office, to be Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

17. An Act for the Preservation of White and other Pine Trees growing in her Majesty's Colonies of New Hampshire, the Massachusets Bay, and Province of Main, Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, the Narraganset Country or King's Province, and Connecticut, in New England, and New York, and New Jersey in America, for the masting her Majesty's Navy.

18. An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the sixth Year of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending Highways, which enjoins Waggoners and others to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige then to draw only with six Horses, or other Beasts, except up Hills.

19. An Act to enable her Majesty to grant the Site of the Castle of Exon, (Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall) for ninety-nine Years, for the Use and Benefit of the County of Devon.

20. An Act for rendering the Proceedings upon the Writs of Mandamus, and Informations in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual; and for the more easy trying and determining the Rights of Offices and Franchises in Corporations and Boroughs.

21. An Act for making good Deficiencies, and satisfying the public Debts; and for erecting a Corporation to carry on a Trade to the South Seas, and for the Encouragement of the Fishery; for Liberty to trade in unwrought Iron with the Subjects of Spain; and to repeal the Acts for registring Seamen.

22. An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties upon Coals, for building fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

23. An Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs; and for charging certain new Duties on stamp'd Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and on Cards and Dice, and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland, and for securing thereby, and by a weekly Payment out of the Post office, and by several Duties on Hides and Skins, a yearly Fund of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, for thirty-two years, to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as are therein mentioned, to the Contributors of any Sum not exceeding two Millions, to be raised for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

24. An Act for Relief of the Creditors and Proprietors of the Company of Mine Adventurers, by establishing a Method for settling the Differences between the Company and their Creditors, and for uniting them, in order to an effectual working the Mines of the said Company.

25. An Act for making the Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the better Preservation of the Game, perpetual, and for making the same more effectual.

26. An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River.

27. An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America.

28. An Act to dissolve the present, and prevent the future combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, Masters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufacturers of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the coal Trade.

29. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and eleven, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

30. An Act for reviving and continuing an act made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual preventing Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron Manufactures of this Kingdom.
