Public Acts passed in 1711, 10 Anne, c.1 - c.34.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol. 4.
---

1. AN Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1712.

2. An Act for preserving the Protestant Religion, by better securing the Church of England as by Law established; for confirming the Toleration granted to Protestant Dissenters by an Act, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws, and for supplying the Defects thereof; and for the further securing the Protestant Succession, by requiring the Practicers of the Law in North Britain to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration therein mentioned,

3. An Act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1712, and for applying Part of the Coinage Duties, to pay the Deficiency of the Value of Plate coined, and to pay for the recoining the old Money in Scotland.

4. An Act for settling the Precedence of the most Excellent Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, of the Elector her Son, and of the Electoral Prince the Duke of Cambridge.

5. An Act to repeal the Act of the seventh Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalising Foreign Protestants, (except what relates to the Children of her Majesty's natural born subjects, born out of her Majesty's Allegiance.)

6. An Act for explaining and altering the Laws now in being concerning the Assises of Fuel, so far as they relate to the Assise of Billet, made or to be made of Beech Wood only.

7. An Act to prevent the disturbing those of the Episcopal Communion in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the Exercise of their religious Worship, and in the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of England, and for repealing the act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act against irregular Baptisms and Marriages.

8. An Act to continue the Act of the last Session of Parliament, for taking, examining and stating the public Accounts of the Kingdom, for one Year longer.

9. An Act for Recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1712.

10. An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters.

11. An Act for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties on Coals, for building fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and other Purposes therein mentioned; and also for giving the said Commissioners farther Powers for better effecting the same; and for appointing Monies for Rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Mary Woolnoth in the City of London.

12. An Act to restore the Patrons to their ancient Rights of presenting Ministers to Churches vacant in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

13. An Act for repealing Part of an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, Act for discharging the Yule Vacance.

14. An Act for reviving and continuing several Acts therein mentioned, for preventing the Mischiefs which may happen by Fire; for building and repairing County Gaols; for exempting Apothecaries from serving Parish and Ward Offices, and serving upon Juries; and relating to the Returning of Jurors.

15. An Act for repealing a Clause in the Statute made in the twenty first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the further Description of a Bankrupt, and Relief of Creditors against such as shall become Bankrupts, and for inflicting Corporal Punishment upon the Bankrupts in same Special Cases, which makes Descriptions of Bankrupts; and for the Explanation of the Laws relating to Bankruptcy in Case of partnership.

16. An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad Cloth, and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein.

17. An Act for the better Collecting and Recovering the Duties granted for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and for the further Benefit thereof; and for the preserving her Majesty's Harbour Moorings.

18. An Act to give further Time for inrolling such Leases granted from the Crown, as have not been inrolled within the respective Times therein limited; and for making the Pleading of Deeds of Bargain and Sale enrolled, and of Fee-Farm Rents more easy.

19. An Act for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon chequered and striped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs printed, painted, or (Lined; and upon several Kinds of stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets and Advertisements; raising the Sum of 1,800,000l. by Way of Lottery towards her Majesty's Supply; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better securing her Majesty's Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp Duties by Licences for Marriages, and otherwise; for Relief of Persons who have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Time, or have lost Exchequer Bills, or Lottery Tickets; and for borrowing money upon Stock (Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company) for the Use of the Public.

20. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, by obliging their Creditors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable to make, and restoring them to their Liberty.

21. An Act to prevent Abuses in making Linen Cloth, and regulating the Lengths, Breadths, and equal sorting of Yarn, for each Piece made in Scotland, and for whitening the same.

22. An Act for the Relief of Merchants importing Prize goods from America.

23. An Act for the more effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament.

24. An Act for prolonging the Term for Payment of certain Duties granted by an act made in the twelfth and thirteenth Years of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom.

25. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1712. although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid; and for rectifying a Mistake in an act passed this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters, and for taking Accounts of Trophy Money formerly raised and collected.

26. An Act for laying additional Duties on Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, and new Duties on Starch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies of Insurance, to secure a yearly Fund for Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a further Sum of 1,800,000l. towards her Majesty's Supply; and for the better securing the Duties on Candles; and for obviating Doubts concerning certain Payments in Scotland; and for suppressing unlawful Lotteries, and other Devices of the same Kind; and concerning Cake Soap; and for Relief of Mary Ravenall, in relation to an Annuity of 18l. per Annum; and concerning Prize Coconuts brought from America; and certain Tickets which were intended to be subscribed into the Stock of the South Sea Company; and for appropriating the Monies granted in this Session of Parliament.

27. An Act for making effectual such Agreement as shall be made between the Royal African Company of England and their Creditors.

28. An Act for continuing the Trade and Corporation Capacity of the United East India Company, although their Fund should be redeemed.

29. An Act for better ascertaining and securing the Payments to be made to her Majesty for Goods and Merchandizes to be imported from the East Indies, and other Places, within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company.

30. An Act for continuing the Trade to the South Seas, granted by an act of the last Session of Parliament, although the Capital Stock of the Said Corporation should be redeemed.

31. An Act for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine the Debts due to the Army, transport Service, and Sick and Wounded.

32. An Act for enlarging the Time for the Ministers, Advocates, and other Members of the Collage of Justice in Scotland, to take the Oaths therein mentioned.

33. An Act for appointing the Circuit Courts in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to be kept only once in the Year.

34. An Act for explaining several Clauses in an Act passed the last Sessions of Parliament for the Relief of the Sufferers of the Islands of Nevis and St. Christopher, by Reason of the Invasion of the French there, in the Year 1705.
