Public Acts passed in 1713, 12 Anne, Sess. 1, c.1 - c.18.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol. 13.
---

1. An act for granting an aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a land tax in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1713.

2. An act for granting to her Majesty, duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year 1713, and for making forth duplicates of lottery tickets lost, burnt or destroyed; and for enlarging the time for adjusting claims in several lottery-acts; and to punish the counterfeiting or forging of lottery-orders; and for explaining a late act in relation to stamp-duties on customary estates, which pass by deed and copy.

3. An act to revive and continue the act for taking, examining and dating the publick accounts of the kingdom; and also to continue the act for appointing commissioners to take, examine and determine the debts due to the army, transport-service, and sick and wounded.

4. An act for making inclosures of some part of the common-grounds, in the West-riding of the county of ork, for the endowing poor vicarages, and chapelries, for the better support of their ministers.

5. An act to explain a clause in an act of the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for the more effectual preventing fraudulent conveyances, in order to multiply votes for electing knights of shires to serve in parliament, as far as the same relates to the ascertaining the value of freeholds of 40s. per annum.

6. An act for the better regulating the elections of members to serve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

7. An act for the more effectual preventing and punishing robberies that shall be committed in houses.

8. An act for raising the militia for the year 1713, although the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

9. An act for continuing an act made in the third and fourth years of the reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An act for encouraging the importation of naval stores from her Majesty's plantations in America; and for encouraging the importation of naval stores from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that part of Great Britain called England.

10. An act for continuing the acts therein mentioned, for preventing theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England.

11. An act to raise 1,200,000l. for publick uses, by circulating a further sum in Exchequer-bills; and for enabling her Majesty to raise 500,000l. on the revenues appointed for the uses of her civil government, to be applied for or towards payment of such debts and arrears owing to her servants, tradesmen and others, as are therein mentioned.

12. An act for the better regulating the forces to be continued in her Majesty’s service; and for the payment of the said forces, and of their quarters.

13. An act to enable such officers and soldiers as have been in her Majesty’s service during the late war, to exercise trades, and for officers to account with their soldiers.

14. An act for explaining the acts for licensing hackney-chairs.

15. An act for making perpetual an act made in the seventh year of the reign of the late King william, intituled, An act to prevent false and double returns of members to serve in parliament.

16. An act for the better encouragement of the making sail-cloth in Great Britain.

17. An act to vest in the commissioners for building fifty new churches in and about London and Westminster, and suburbs thereof, as much of the street near the Maypole in the Strand in the county of Middlesex, as shall be sufficient to build one of the said churches upon; and for restoring to the principal and scholars of King's-Hall, and college of Brazen-Nose, in the university of Oxen, their right of presentation to the churches and chapels in Stepney parish.

18. An act for making perpetual the act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of the late King Charles II. intituled, An act for the better relief of the poor of this kingdom: and that persons bound apprentices to, or being hired servants with persons coming with certificates, shall not gain settlements by such services or apprenticeships: and for making perpetual the act made in the sixth year of her present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for the importation of cochineal from any ports in Spain, during the present war, and six months longer: and for reviving a clause in an act made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of the late King William, intituled, An act for settling the trade to Africa, for allowing foreign copper bars imported, to be exported.

