Public Acts passed in 1728, 1 George 2 stat 2 c.1 - c.23.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 15.
---

1. An act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year 1728. and for making good the deficiency of a late malt act.

2. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. An act for making more effectual an act passed in the fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George, intituled, An act for repairing the highways from Maidenhead Bridge to Sunning-Lane-End, next to Twyford, in the road to Reading; and from the said bridge to Henley Bridge in the county of Berks.

4. An act for repairing the road leading from Chatteris Ferry, which divides the isle of Ely from the county of Huntingdon, to Hammond's Eau, and from thence to Somersham Bridge, at Somersham town’s end, in the said county.

5. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1728.

6. An act for repairing the road from the Powder-Mills on Hounslow-Heath, in the county of Middlesex, to a place called Basingstone, near the town of Bagshot, in the parish of Windlesham, in the county of Surrey.

7. An act for enlarging the term granted by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the highways between the Bear-Inn in Reading, and Puntfield in the county of Berks, and for making the said act more effectual, and for amending other roads in this act mentioned.

8. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty’s by sale of annuities to the bank of England, at four pounds per centum, redeemable by parliament, and charged upon the duties on coals and culm; and for further applying the produce of the sinking fund; and for enlarging the time for exchanging Nevis and St. Christopher's debentures for annuities at three per centum, and for applying the arrears of his late Majesty’s civil list revenues.

9. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty of five hundred thousand pounds, towards discharging wages due to seamen, and for the constant, regular, and punctual payment of seamens wages for the future; and for appropriating the supplies granted in this present session of parliament; and for disposing of the surplus of the money granted for half pay for the year 1727.

10. An act for the more effectual amending the highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the county of Bedford; and for repairing the road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge in Newport Pagnell in the county of Bucks.

11. An act for repairing and amending several roads leading to and from the borough of Evesham, in the county of Worcester.

12. An act for repairing and enlarging the road leading from the house called the sign of the Bells, in the parish of St. Margaret in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Kent.

13. An act to oblige ships coming from places infected, more effectually to perform their quarentine; and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man; and to hinder the spreading of infection.

14. An act for encouraging seamen to enter into his Majesty’s service.

15. An act for making provision for the rector of the new church, situate near Millbank in the parish of St. Margaret Westminster, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

16. An act for removing doubts concerning the additional duty of two pence per gallon upon low wines, and spirits of the first extraction, from foreign materials; and for obviating questions relating to appeals in matters of excise; and for appointing the number of commissioners of excise, who may hear causes depending before them.

17. An act for repealing the present duties on wine lees, and Lignum Vitae and laying new duties on wine lees; and for prohibiting the importation of wine in flasks, bottles, or small casks; and for preventing frauds in exporting silk manufactures; and for supplying the want of regular certificates of such manufactures being landed in foreign parts, where such certificates cannot be had; and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices, to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contracts.

18. An act to explain and amend an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for building a bridge cross the river of Thames, from the town of Fulham in the county of Middlesex, to the town of Putney in the county of Surrey; and for making the said act more effectual.

19. An act for punishing such persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy turnpikes for reparing highways, or locks, or other works, erected by authority of parliament, for making rivers navigable.

20. An act for erecting a workhouse in the city of Canterbury, for employing and maintaining the poor there, and for better enlightning the streets of the said city.

21. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the thirteenth year of his late Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for sale of such of the forfeited estates in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unsold, and are vested in the crown; and for determining such claims on the said estates, as, having been duly entred, remain undetermined.

22. An act to explain the acts of the third and ninth years of his late Majesty’s reign, for continuing the duty of two penny Scots on every pint of ale and beer sold in the city of Edinburgh, in relation to the payment of petty port customs; and for the more effectual securing the payment of such money, as hath been, or shall be contributed towards a charitable fund for relief of such as shall suffer by fire in the said city, and the suburbs and liberties thereof.

23. An act for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for repealing so much of two acts of parliament therein mentioned, as requires persons to qualify themselves to continue in offices or employments for the space of six months, after the demise of his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

