Public Acts passed in 1735, 8 George 2 c.1 - c.30.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 16.
---

1. An act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty five.

2. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. An act for repairing the roads from the town of Manchester, leading through Newton, Failsworth, and Oldham, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to Austerlands, in the parish of Saddleworth, in the county of York.

4. An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to make and subscribe the declarations contained in the act of uniformity of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of King Charles the Second within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for doing thereof.

5. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the twelfth and thirteenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Annes intituled, An act for repairing and amending the highways between the town or village of Tittensor, and the most northern part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane in the county of Stafford.

6. An act for the publick registring of all deeds, conveyances, wills, and other incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the North Riding of the county of York, after the nine and twentieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty six.

7. An act for repairing and widening the road from the town of Rochdale in the county palatine of Lancaster, leading over a certain craggy mountain called Blackstone Edge, in the same county, and from thence to the towns of Halifax, and Ealand in the county of York.

8. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the road from Saint Giles’s pound to Kilbourn bridge in the county of Middlesex, and for paving that part of the road called Oxford Street.

9. An act for continuing and making more effectual an act passed in the first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for repairing the highways through the several parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the counties of Hertford and Middlesex; and for continuing the commissioners authorized to put the said act in execution.

10. An act for lengthening the west pier of the harbour of Whitby, in the county of York, and for improving the said harbour.

11. An act for enabling his Majesty to apply the sum of one million out of the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty five.

12. An act for granting and continuing the duties upon salt, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of four years; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid, for the indentures and contracts of clerks and apprentices.

13. An act for the encouragement of the arts of designing, engraving, and etching historical and other prints, by vesting the properties thereof in the inventors and engravers, during the time therein mentioned.

14. An act for prolonging the time for claiming the fortunate tickets in the Charitable Corporation lottery, and for making provision for tickets in the said lottery, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

15. An act for the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels, within the two parishes of Saint James and Saint George Hanover Square, within the liberties of the city of Westminster.

16. An act for the amendment of the law relating to actions on the statute of Hue and Cry.

17. An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

18. An act to continue some laws therein mentioned, relating to the encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain, and for encouragement of the silk manufactures of this kingdom.

19. An act to continue an act passed in the third year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for granting liberty to carry rice from his Majesty's province of Carolina in America, directly to any part of Europe, southward of Cape Finisterre, in ships built in, and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to law, and to extend that liberty to his Majesty’s province of Georgia in America.

20. An act for rendering the laws more effectual for punishing such persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy turnpikes for repairing highways, or locks, or other works erected by act of parliament for making rivers navigable, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

21. An act to continue several laws therein mentioned, for the better regulation and government of seamen in the merchants service; for the regulating of pilots of Dover, Deal, and the isle of Thanet; for preventing frauds in the customs, and to prevent the clandestine running of goods; and for making copper ore of the British plantations an enumerated commodity.

22. An act to enable William Mackenzie, late earl of Seafort, to sue or maintain any action or suit, notwithstanding his attainder, and to remove any disability in him by reason of his said attainder, to take or inherit any real or personal estate that may or shall hereafter descend or come to him.

23. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty five.

24. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the relief of debtors with respect to the imprisonment of their persons.

25. An act to indemnify protestant purchasers of estates of papists, against the penalties or forfeitures papists are liable to for not having inrolled their estates, in pursuance of an act of the third year of King George the First, for that purpose.

26. An act to enable the present and future proprietors and inhabitants of the houses in Lincoln's Inn Fields in the county of Middlesex, to make a rate on themselves, for raising money sufficient to inclose, clean. and adorn the same fields.

27. An act for rebuilding the parish church of Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the county of Middlesex.

28. An act to explain and make more effectual the several acts made and passed for repairing the highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse, and Hampstead in the county of Middlesex, so far as the same relate to the statute work to be done upon the said highways, or compositions to be made in lieu of the same.

29. An act for the application of the rents and profits of the estates forfeited by the attainders of James late earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radcliffe.

30. An act for regulating the quartering of soldiers during the time of the elections of members to serve in parliament.

