Public Acts passed in 1739, 12 George 2 c.1 - c.36.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 17.
---

1. An act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine.

2. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine.

4. An act to enable the inhabitants of the parish of Saint Nicholas in the city of Worcester, to raise money for discharging the debts they have contracted in rebuilding their parish church.

5. An act to continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of money.

6. An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing farther time for that purpose.

7. An act to enable the parishioners of the parish of Ealing in the county of Middlesex, to raise money by rates upon themselves, for finishing the church of the said parish.

8. An act for repairing the road between Stamford and Grantham in the county of Lincoln.

9. An act for applying a sum of money, given by the will of Daniel Wiseman esquire, deceased, for finishing the new church at Woolwich in the county of Kent; and for raising an annuity by an assessment on the parish of Woolwich, during the lives of Mary Wiseman and Elizabeth Crouch, and the life of the survivor of them, pursuant to the said will.

10. An act for repairing the roads from the north-west parts of the county of Lincoln, through Nettlam-fields, Wragby-lane, and Baumber-fields, to the Wolds or north-east part of the said county.

11. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Fyfield in the county of Berks, to Saint John's Bridge in the county of Gloucester; and for repairing the roads from an inn called The Hinds Head in the parish of Kingston Bagpuze in the said county of Berks, to that part of Newbridge which stands in the said county of Berks.

12. An act for repairing the roads from Bakewell to Chesterfield in the county of Derby, and from Chesterfield to Worksopp in the county of Nottingham, and from Chesterfield to the place where the northern road meets the Chesterfield road, which leads to Mansfield in the said county of Nottingham.

13. An act for continuing the act made in the eighth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to regulate the price and assize of bread; and for continuing, explaining, and amending the act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better regulation of attornies and solicitors.

14. An act for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and lessees.

15. An act to enable his Majesty to settle an annuity of fifteen thousand pounds on his royal highness the duke of Cumberland, and the heirs of his body, and also one other annuity of twenty four thousand pounds on their royal highnesses the princess Amalie, the princess Caroline, the princess Mary, and the princess Louisa.

16. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing the road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath in the county of Middlesex, to a place called Basingstone, near the town of Bagshot in the parish of Windlesham in the county of Surrey.

17. An act to enable the parishioners of the parish of Saint Catharine Coleman in Fenchurch Street, in the city of London, to rebuild the church of the said parish.

18. An act for repairing the road or highway from the Dun Cow in the town of Dunchurch, through the parish of Bilton over Dunsmore Heath, to the town of Hill Morton in the county of Warwick; and from thence through the several parishes of Creek, West Haddon, and East Haddon, in the county of Northampton, to Saint James's End in the parish of Duston in the said county of Northampton.

19. An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of five hundred thousand pounds out of the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raise the further sum of five hundred thousand pounds out of the growing produce of the said fund; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for giving time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of clerks and apprentices.

20. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by two acts of parliament, one made in the sixth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the highways between the top of Kingsdown Hill and the city of Bath; and for amending several other highways leading to the said city; and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening the streets, and regulating the chairmen there; and for keeping a regular nightly watch within the said city and liberties thereof.

21. An act for taking off the duties upon woollen and bay yarn, imported from Ireland to England, and for the more effectual preventing the exportation of wooll from Great Britain, and of wooll, and wooll manufactured, from Ireland to foreign parts.

22. An act to rectify a mistake in an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George for preventing frauds and abuses in the publick revenues of excise, customs, stamp duties, post-office, and house-money, relating to the condition of bonds taken from masters of ships; and to indemnify persons who have acted under the said mistake; and also to obviate a doubt which has arisen upon an act made in the seventh year of his said late Majesty's reign, for the further preventing his Majesty's subjects from trading to the East Indies under foreign commissions; and for encouraging and further securing the lawful trade thereto, with regard to prosecutions in Ireland in a summary way, for the fraudulent importation of East India goods into that kingdom.

23. An act for providing a reward to Joanna Stephens, upon a proper discovery to be made by her, for the use of the publick, of the medicines prepared by her for the cure of the stone.

24. An act to impower the high court of Chancery to lay out, upon proper securities, any monies, not exceeding a sum therein limited, out of the common and general cash in the bank of England, belonging to the suitors of the said court, for the ease of the said suitors, by applying the interest arising therefrom for answering the charges of the office of the accountant general of the said court.

25. An act to obviate some doubts which have arisen upon the construction of an act made in the first year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An act for explaining part of an act made in the first year of the reign of King James the First, concerning tanned leather; and for rendering more effectual a clause in the said last mentioned act, which obliges curriers to curry leather; and for repealing two clauses in the said last mentioned act.

26. An act for the better preventing frauds and abuses in gold and silver wares.

27. An act for explaining and amending an act made in the eighth year of the reign of King Richard the Second, intituled, No man of law shall be justice of assize or gaol delivery in his own country; and another act made in the thirty third year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth intituled, An act that none shall be justice of assize in his own country, &c.

28. An act for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful gaming.

29. An act for the more easy assessing, collecting, and levying of county rates.

30. for granting a liberty to carry sugars, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, from the said colonies directly to foreign parts, in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law.

31. An act for establishing and well-governing an hospital or infirmary in the city of Bath.

32. An act for ascertaining, preserving, and improving the navigation of the river Lee, from the town of Hertford to the town of Ware in the county of Hertford; and for preserving and improving the said river, from the said town of Ware to the new cut or river made by the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of London; and for enabling the governor and company of the New River the better to supply the cities of London and Westminster, and the liberties and suburbs thereof, with good and wholesome water.

33. An act to enlarge the powers of the commissioners for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from the Woolstaple, or thereabouts, in the parish of Saint Margaret in the city of Westminster, to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey; and to enable them by a lottery to raise money for the several purposes therein mentioned; and to enlarge the time for exchanging tickets unclaimed in the last lottery for the said bridge; and to make provision for tickets in the said lottery, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

34. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the road from Spittle-gate Hill near Grantham in the county of Lincoln, to Little Drayton in the county of Nottingham.

35. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the highways leading from Brampton Bridge to Walford Bridge in the county of Northampton; and also the great post road, from Morter-pit Hill, in the said county, through Brixworth, Lamport, Maidwell, Kelmarsh, and Oxenden-magna, to Chain Bridge, leading into Market Harborough in the county of Leicester.

36. An act for prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written, and printed in Great Britain; and for repealing so much of an act made in the eighth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as impowers the limiting the prices of books.

