Public Acts passed in 1745, 18 George 2 c.1 - c.38.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 18, and Ruffhead, vol 6.
---

1. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty five.

2. An act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty five.

3. An act to enable the parishioners of the parish of Saint Margaret, within the borough of King's Lynn, in the county of Norfolk, to raise money, by rates upon themselves, for finishing the church of the said parish.

4. An act for repairing the road leading from the town of Kingston upon Hull, to and through the town of Anlaby, and from thence to the town of Kirk-Ella, in the county of the said town of Kingston upon Hull.

5. An act for granting and continuing the duties upon salt, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of six years; and for declaring that the duties on salt, which arise and are payable in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be subject to the same charges thereon, as the same duties were liable to by the act of the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First.

6. An act for repairing the road leading from a gate commonly called Sacred Gate, on the south east side of the town of Hedon, in the east riding of the county of York, through the said town, to Hull North Bridge.

7. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

8. An act for repairing the high road leading from Boroughbridge in the county of York, through North Allerton in the same county, to Croftbridge on the river Tees; and from thence through Darlington in the county of Durham, to the city of Durham.

9. An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon all wines imported into Great Britain; and for raising a certain sum of of money by annuities, and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said additional duties.

10. An act for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty's regiments of foot serving in Flanders, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the plantations, and the regiments of marines.

11. An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

12. An act for continuing and enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, For repairing the highways from Speenhamland, adjoining to Newbury, in the county of Berks, to Marlborough in the county of Wilts.

13. An act for more effectually cleansing, deepening, widening, and preserving a creek called Beverley beck, running into the river Hull; and for more effectually repairing the staiths near the said beck, and the roads leading from the said river to the town of Beverley; and for cleansing the streets of the said town; and for regulating the carriages to and from the said beck, and the river Hull.

14. An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by several acts of parliament for repairing the highways between Sheppards Shord and the Devizes, and the top of Ashlington Hill and Rowd Ford, in the county of Wilts.

15. An act for making the surgeons of London and the barbers of London two separate and distinct corporations.

16. An act to repair the road leading from Tadcaster Bridge within the county of the city of York, to a place near the said city, called Hobmoor Lane End.

17. An act for giving a publick reward to such person or persons, his Majesty's subject or subjects, as shall discover a north west passage through Hudson's Streights, to the western and southern ocean of America.

18. An act to explain and amend the laws touching the elections of knights of the Shire to serve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called England.

19. An act for repairing the road from Birmingham, in the county of Warwick (through Elmdon) to a lane leading by the end of Stone Bridge, in the said county.

20. An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the further qualification of justices of the peace.

21. An act to continue an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better regulation of lastage and ballastage in the river Thames.

22. An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of eight hundred thousand pounds out of the sinking fund; and for granting a sum remaining in the exchequer, arisen by the surplus of the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty five; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contracts of clerks and apprentices, and for the further enforcing the payment of the said duties.

23. An act to repair and widen the road leading from Godmanchester in the county of Huntingdon, through Fen Stanton and Cambridge, to the First Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath in the county of Cambridge.

24. An act for effectually preventing the exportation of foreign linens, under the denomination of British or Irish linens.

25. An act for allowing certain additional bounties on the exportation of British and Irish linens.

26. An act for repealing the present inland duty of four shillings per pound weight upon all tea sold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majesty certain other inland duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the duty upon tea, and other duties of excise; and for pursuing offenders out of one county into another.

27. An act for the more effectually preventing the stealing of linen, fustian, and cotton goods and wares, in buildings, fields, grounds and other places used for printing, whitening, bleaching, or drying the same.

28. An act to indemnify persons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing, or running of prohibited, uncustomed, or other goods or merchandize.

29. An act for granting further powers to the commissioners for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from the city of Westminster to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey; and for the better enabling them to finish the said bridge, and to perform the other trusts reposed in them.

30. An act to amend an act made in the eleventh year of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An act for the more effectual suppression of piracy.

31. An act for the more effectual recovering and collecting of certain duties granted towards the support of the royal hospital at Greenwich; and to oblige agents for prizes, to register their letters of attorney.

32. An act for continuing, amending, and making more effectual, an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the First, for repairing the roads leading from Birmingham to Edghill, in the county of Warwick.

33. An act to repeal a clause in an act made in the third year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, relating to carts used by persons inhabiting within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality; and to allow such carts to be drawn with three horses; and to prevent the misbehaviour of the drivers of carts in streets, within the said limits.

34. An act to explain, amend, and make more effectual the laws in being, to prevent excessive and deceitful gaming; and to restrain and prevent the excessive increase of horse races.

35. An act for the further regulating and better government of his Majesty's navies, ships of war, and forces by sea; and for regulating the proceedings upon courts martial in the sea service.

36. An act for prohibiting the wearing and importation of cambricks and French lawns.

37. An act for impowering the surviving of and trustees for forfeited estates to execute proper conveyances of the late lord Widdrington's estate, in the county of Northumberland (contracted for by the York Buildings company) to trustees for the creditors of the said company, upon payment of a sum of money therein mentioned into his Majesty's exchequer.

38. An act for rendering more effectual the several acts passed for the erecting of hospitals and work-houses within the city of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining the poor thereof.

