Public Acts passed in 1748, 21 George 2 c.1 - c.34.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 19.
---

1. An act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty eight.

2. An act for granting to his Majesty a subsidy of poundage upon all goods and merchandizes to be imported into this kingdom; and for raising a certain sum of money by annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said subsidy; and for repealing so much of an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, as enacts, That prize goods and merchandize may be exported without paying any duty of custom or excise for the same.

3. An act to revive and make perpetual two acts of parliament; one made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrests; and the other made in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said act.

4. An act to prohibit assurance on ships belonging to France, and on merchandizes or effects laden thereon, during the present war with France.

5. An act for repairing the high road from the town of Bowes in the county of York, to Barnard Castle in the county of Durham, and from thence through Staindrop to Newgate in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate along Gibb Chair to Gaundless Bridge, and from thence by Melderston Gill, otherwise Coundon Gill, to the turnpike road near Sunderland Bridge, in the county of Durham.

6. An act to punish mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

7. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty eight.

8. An act for impowering George Montgomerie, and Thomas Byrd, esquires, and Ezra Patching, to complete an undertaking, for furnishing the inhabitants of the several parishes and places of Stratford, Westham, Bow, Bromley, Mile-end, Stepney, and other parishes and places adjacent, with water; and for better securing their property in such undertaking.

9. An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

10. An act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the execution of an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for raising the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties.

11. An act for further regulating the proceedings upon courts-martial in the sea service; and for extending the discipline of the navy to the crews of his Majesty's ships, wrecked, lost, or taken; and for continuing to them their wages upon certain conditions.

12. An act for holding the summer assizes for the county of Buckingham at the county town of Buckingham.

13. An act to rectify a mistake in an act made this session of parliament, intituled, An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

14. An act for permitting tea to be exported to Ireland, and his Majesty's plantations in America, without paying the inland duties charged thereupon by an act of the eighteenth year of his present Majesty's reign; and for enlarging the time for some of the payments to be made on the subscription of six millions three hundred thousand pounds, by virtue of an act of this session of parliament.

15. An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by an act passed in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from the town of Manchester, leading through Newton, Failsworth, and Oldham, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to Austerlands, in the parish of Saddleworth, in the county of York; and for making the same more effectual.

16. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, For repairing the road from Hertford Bridge Hill, to the town of Basingstoke; and also the road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid, to the town of Odiham, in the county of Southampton; and for making the said act more effectual.

17. An act to render more effectual an act made in the twentieth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for relief of such of his Majesty's loyal subjects in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose title deeds and writings were destroyed or carried off by the rebels in the late rebellion.

18. An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands in the several parishes of Maney, Upwell, Welney, Downham, Witcham, and in a certain extraparochial place in Byal Fen, within the isle of Ely and county of Cambridge.

19. An act for the more effectual trial and punishment of high treason and misprision of high treason, in the highlands of Scotland; and for abrogating the practice of taking down the evidence in writing in certain criminal prosecutions; and for making some further regulations relating to sheriffs depute and stewarts depute, and their substitutes; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

20. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the Several roads leading from Birmingham, through the town of Wednesbury, to a place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge; and from thence to the end of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the township of Bilson; and from Great Bridge, through Dudley to King-Swinford, and to the further end of Brittel Lane, in the counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester.

21. An act for erecting workhouses, for the better employing and maintaining the poor within the burgh of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the county of Suffolk; and for the better repairing and paving the streets and highways there.

22. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for repairing the roads leading from the town of Bromsgrove to the town of Dudley, in the county of Worcester; and from the said town of Bromsgrove to the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick; so far as the said act relates to repairing the roads leading from the town of Birmingham to the town of Bromsgrove, in the county of Worcester; and for making the same more effectual.

23. An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of one million out of the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty eight; and for applying a sum of money remaining in the exchequer, arisen by the rates and duties on houses which determined at Lady day, one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament, and for applying a certain sum of money for defraying the charge of the allowances for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty eight, to several officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horse guards, and three regiments of horse lately reduced.

24. An act for building a church in the town of Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancaster, and for enlightening and cleansing the streets of the said town, and for keeping and maintaining a nightly watch there.

25. An act for repairing the roads leading from Sutton Colefield common to the town of Walsall and from Sneals Green to Walsall, and from Walsall to Park Brook, which divides the parishes of Wolverhampton and Walsall, and from Gibbet Lane to Wolverhampton, and from Compton to the end of the county of Stafford, and from Wolverhampton to the Wergs, and from thence to Shiffnall, and from the Wergs to Hales Heath, and from Wolverhampton to Cannock Wood in the road to Litchfield.

26. An act for explaining, amending, and enforcing an act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for prohibiting the wearing and importation of cambricks and French lawns.

27. An act for repairing the high road from Piersbridge to Kirkmerrington in the county of Durham, and from thence to the turnpike road at Tudhoe Lane end in the said county.

28. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the fourteenth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the preservation of the publick roads in that part of Great Britain called England; and so much of an act passed in the third year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An act for the better repairing and amending the highways, and for settling the rates of the carriage of goods, as relates to the settling the rates of the carriage of goods.

29. An act for the further relief of the orphans and other creditors of the city of London; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

30. An act for encouraging the making of indico in the British plantations in America.

31. An act for relief of insolvent debtors.

32. An act for the relief of the annuitants of the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of Mercers of the city of London.

33. An act to continue and amend several laws for the relief of debtors with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to rectify a mistake in an act passed in the last session of parliament for continuing several laws therein mentioned; and to continue two acts, the one passed in the nineteenth year, the other in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, to prevent the spreading of the distemper amongst the horned cattle.

34. An act to amend and enforce so much of an act made in the nineteenth year of his Majesty's reign, as relates to the more effectual disarming the highlands in Scotland, and restraining the use of the highland dress; and to masters and teachers of private schools and chaplains; and to explain a clause in another act made in the same year, relating to letters of orders of episcopal ministers in Scotland; and to oblige persons allowed to carry arms, and the directors of the banks there, and certain persons belonging to, or practising in the courts of session and judiciary, to take the oaths; and to repeal some clauses in an act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, whereby certain encouragements are given to landlords and tenants in Scotland, who should continue in their duty and loyalty to his said late Majesty; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

