Public Acts passed in 1761, 1 George 3 c.1 - c.44.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 23.
---

1. An act for the support of his Majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain.

2. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

3. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

4. An act to continue for a limited time the importation of salted beef, pork, and butter, from Ireland.

5. An act to enable his Majesty to be governor of the South Sea Company.

6. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

7. An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon strong beer and ale; and for raising the sum of twelve millions, by way of Annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said duty; and for further encouraging the exportation of strong beer and ale.

8. An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

9. An act to continue an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America.

10. An act for extending an act, intituled An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable on tallow imported from Ireland, to hogs-lard and grease.

11. An act to enable his Majesty to make leases, and copies of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of his dutchy of Cornwall or annexed to the same; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

12. An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, officers of the militia, and others, who have omitted to register or to deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for those purposes.

13. An act to amend an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, concerning the qualification of justices of the peace; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

14. An act to extend the provisions relating to the holding of courts-martial, and to the punishment of offences committed in the East Indies, contained in the act made in the twenty seventh year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for punishing mutiny and desertion of officers and soldiers in the service of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and for the punishment of offences committed in the East Indies, or at the island of Saint Helena, to the said company's settlement of Fort Marlborough, and to such other principal settlements, wherein the said company may be hereafter impowered to hold courts of judicature.

15. An act to enable his Majesty to grant unto George Keith, late earl Marischall, a sum therein limited, out of the principal money and interest now remaining due to the public on account of the purchase money of certain parts of the forfeited estates of the said late earl.

16. An act to continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of money.

17. An act for relief of insolvent debtors.

18. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund, and for applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

19. An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for exempting any annuities or sums of money granted or to be granted to the royal family, from payment of taxes.

20. An act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain sum of money towards paying off and discharging the debts of the navy, and towards naval services, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and for allowing further time for making affidavits of the execution of articles or contracts of clerks to attornies or sollicitors, and filing thereof.

21. An act for the better preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing part of an act passed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for the better preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

22. An act for applying the money granted in this session of parliament towards defraying the charge of the pay of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England when unembodied, and of the clothing of the part of the said militia now unembodied, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

23. An act for rendering more effectual the provisions in an act made in the twelfth and thirteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, (intituled An act for the further limitation of the crown, and better securing the rights and liberties of the subject) relating to the commissions and salaries of judges.

24. An act for repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, in the county of Dorset.

25. An act for repairing and widening the road from the east end of West Taphouse Lane, to the borough of Liskeard, and from thence to Coomb Row House; and also the road from the said borough of Liskeard, to Crafthole, and from thence to Crimble Passage and Tar Point, and from Crafthole aforesaid, to Saint German's Beacon, in the counties of Cornwall and Devon.

26. An act for making, widening, and repairing, a road from the north east side of the Goswell Street road, next Islington, in the county of Middlesex, and near to the road called the New Road, over the fields and grounds to Old Street Road,  opposite to the Doghouse-bar; and at and from the Doghouse-bar, to the end of Chiswell Street, by the Artillery Ground.

Cap 27. An act for repairing and widening the road leading from the eastern end of the borough of Grampound, in the county of Cornwall through the towns of Saint Austell and Lostwithiel, and from thence to the east end of the Western Taphouse Lane the said county.

Cap 28. An act for enlightening the streets within the city of Exeter and suburbs thereof.

29. An act for repairing and widening the roads from Dyed Way to Somerton and from Gawbridge to Tintinbull Fords; and from a stream of water called Ford, to Cartgate in Mattock in the county of Somerset.

30. An act for continuing and amending an act made in the sixteenth year of his late Majesty's reign, for repairing the highways from the city of Gloucester to the top of Birdlip Hill; and from the foot of the said hill to the top of Crickley Hill.

31. An act to explain and amend so much of an act passed in the thirty second year of the reign of his late Majesty intituled, An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual the powers granted by several acts of parliament for repairing several roads leading to the city of Bath; and for amending several other roads near the said city; as directs the laying out a new road from the Bridge at Bath to Rush Hill.

32. An act for amending and widening the road leading from the town of Falmouth, in the county of Cornwall, through the towns of Penryn, Helston and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion river and bridge, and two hundred feet to the westward of the said river and bridge.

33. An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for repairing the road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the county of York.

34. An act for repairing and widening the road from Traveller's Rest in the parish of Ashburton to Newton Bushel, and from thence to Forches otherwise Forgers Cross in the parish of Highweek in the county of Devon.

35. An act for amending the road from Sacred Gate, in the parish of Thorngumbald, to Pattrington Creek, or Haven; and from the Guide Post in Winestead to Frodingham Gate, in or near widow Branton's farm in the county of York; and for scouring and cleansing the said creek or haven.

36. An act for discontinuing the use of a road, in the parish of Great Packington, in the county of Warwick; and for preventing the trustees, appointed to put in execution an act passed in the thirty third year of his late Majesty's reign, for repairing the road from Stone Bridge to Castle Bromwich, from erecting a gate or turnpike between Stone Bridge and the place where the road turns off to Coleshill in the County of Warwick.

37. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Fisherton Bridge, to the turnpike road at Willoughby Hedge in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the turnpike road at the west end of Heytesbury; and also the road from the turnpike road at the top of Red Hone Hill, in the parish of Urshfont, to the mile-stone at the western end of Fisherton Street, in the county of Wilts.

38. An act for repairing the parish church of Croydon in the county of Surrey.

39. An act for amending and widening the road from the town of Stone to Wordsley Green Gate; and from the west end of Bilston Street in Wolverhampton, to the High Street opposite the Old Bush in Dudley; and from a place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham; and from the market cross in Wolverhampton, to Cannock, in the counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick.

40. An act for rendering more effectual several acts passed in the tenth year of her late majesty Queen Anne, in the eleventh year of his late majesty King George the First, and in the eleventh year of his late majesty King George the Second, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the road from Dartford to Northfleet and Gravesend, and from Gravesend to Chalk, and from Northfleet to Chalk, and from thence to the stones end near the parish church of Strood, in the county of Kent.

41. An act for amending and widening the roads from the turnpike road upon Gatherley Moor, in the county of York, to Staindrop, in the county of Durham; and from the said turnpike road, near Smallways, across the river Tees, to Winston, in the said county of Durham; and for building a bridge over the said river at or near Winston ford.

42. An act for repairing and amending the road leading from Whitecross, in the parish of Leven in Holderness, in the east riding of the county of York, to the town of Beverley, in the said county.

43. An act for repairing and widening the road from the borough of Appleby, in the county of Westmorland, through the township of Orton, to Kirby Kendall; and from Orton, to the turnpike road near Shapp, and from Highgate near Tebay, in a part of the highway between Appleby and Kirby Kendal, through the town of Kirby Steven, to the town of Market Brough, in the said county.

44. An act for continuing so much of an act passed in the thirteenth year of King George the Second, intituled An act for making more effectual two acts of parliament passed in the seventh and tenth years of her late majesty Queen Anne, for preserving and enlarging the harbour of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland, and for repairing and amending the high roads leading to the said harbour and town of Whitehaven, as relates to the preserving and enlarging or the said harbour.

