Public Acts passed in 1762, 3 George 3 c.1 - c.59.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 9.
---

1. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three.

3. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

4. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three.

5. An Act to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and for the making and filing of Affidavits of Articles of Clerkship.

6. An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread; so far as the same relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for rendering the said Act more effectual in that Part of the United Kingdom.

7. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

8. An Act to enable such Officers, Marines and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, since the twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, to exercise Trades.

9. An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures; and for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund; and making good the same to the said Fund, in Manner therein mentioned.

10. An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and for appointing a Time and Place for exercising the Militia in the said Year.

11. An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread.

12. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties.

13. An Act for more effectually securing the Payment of the Duties upon Malt, by preventing Frauds in the obtaining of Allowances, and the mixing of fresh Corn or Grain with Corn or Grain making into Malt.

14. An Act for the Encouragement of John Harrison, to publish and make known his Invention of a Machine or Watch, for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea.

15. An Act to prevent occasional Freemen from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs.

16. An Act to impower the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, after defraying the necessary Expences thereof, to provide for such Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital; and to enable them to receive such Pensions as shall be granted them by the said Commissioners or Governors, in the most easy and convenient Manner; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the same.

17. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for allowing his Majesty's Subjects to import their goods and Effects, being the Produce of certain Places ceded to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon the Payment of the same Duties as they would have been liable to, if such Places had remained in his Majesty's Possession.

18. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three.

19. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Hundreds of Bradford, Melksham and Whorlsdown, in the County of Wilts.

20. An Act for permitting the Importation, from Ireland, of Stale and Dirty Butter, not fit for eating, commonly called Grease Butter.

21. An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, "Silk Works."

22. An Act for the further Improvement of his Majesty's Revenue of Customs; and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures; and for the Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of his Majesty's Dominions.

23. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew's Holbourn, which lies in the County of Middlesex, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act to prevent fraudulent and occasional Votes in the Elections of Knights of the Shire, and of Members for Cities and Towns which are Counties of themselves, so far as relates to the Right of Voting by virtue of an Annuity or Rent Charge.

25. An Act to continue and amend two Acts made in the twenty-first and twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantation in America; and for extending the Provisions of an Act of the thirtieth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods taken since the late Declaration of War with Spain.

26. An Act to continue and render more effectual two acts of parliament for repairing the roads from Lemsford Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage, and by Cory's Mill, to Hitchen; and from Welwyn, through Codicot, to Hitchen, in the County of Hertford.

27. An Act to continue and render more effectual two Acts of Parliament for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull Inn in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford.

28. An Act for continuing an Act passed in the eleventh year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped or fold, within the town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof.

29. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament of the sixth and twelfth years of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Fyfield, in the County of Berks, to Saint John's Bridge, in the County of Gloucester, and from an Inn called the Hind's Head, in the Parish of Kingston Bagpuse, in the said County of Berks, to that Part of Newbridge which stands in the said County of Berks; and for rendering the said Acts more effectual.

30. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to repair and widen the Road leading from Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through Fen Stanton and Cambridge, to the first Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge.

31. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Charnock, to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

32. An Act for repairing the Road from Newmarket, over Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stump Cross, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk.

33. An Act for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby Kendall, in the County of Westmorland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster.

34. An Act for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair, the High Road leading from the fourteen Mile Stone, in the Parish of Mothvey, in the County of Carmarthen, through Llandovery, to Llydiad y Gwyn, in the Parish of Llandilo vawr; and from thence by Cledfulch, and over Duless Bridge, to the Town of Llandilo vawr; and from the said Town along the Post Road, by Rhwyradar, through the County Borough of Carmarthen, and Village of Saint Clears, to Tavern Spite, in the Parish of Kiffig, at the Borders of the County of Pembroke.

35. An Act for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon.

36. An Act for repairing, widening, turning and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to Soham; and for building a Bridge cross the River Ouze, at or near a Place called Stretham Ferry, in the County of Cambridge.

37. An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road from Highgate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford; and the Road from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the Angel in Enfield Chace; and also Cane-wood Lane, leading from Highgate to Hampstead, in the said County of Middlesex; and for repairing and widening the Road, being Part of the great North Road from London, beginning at Barnet Blockhouse, and ending at the Bear Inn in Hadley aforesaid.

38. An Act for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North End of the Town and Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon.

39. An Act for making a Navigation from the River Humber, by a Canal or Cut, at or near Tetney Haven, to the River Ludd, in the Parish of Alvingham, in the County of Lincoln; and for continuing the said Navigation in or near the said River, from thence, to or near the Town of Louth, in the said County.

40. An Act for maintaining, regulating and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex.

41. An Act for paving, lighting and cleansing, the City of Coventry, and its Suburbs; for preventing Annoyances therein; and for better ordering the publick Wells and Pumps there.

42. An Act for continuing the Duties, and enlarging the Powers, granted by two Acts made in the fifth and twenty-fifth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough in the County of York.

43. An Act for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, between Oswestry and Wrexham, at or near Whitehurst's House, through Llangollen, to the most proper and commodious Joining of the Turnpike Road leading from Wrexham to Ruthin, at or near Tavarn Dwyrarch; and from Llangollen aforesaid, through Acre Fair Colliery, to the Finger Post, at the Joining of the Road leading from Oswestry to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh.

44. An Act for repairing and widening the Road, and opening a Communication, from the House of Thomas Hughes Esquire, adjoining to Halkin Mountain to Farm; and across the Old Post Road in Counsillt-sechan, to a House at Nant y Moch, in Bagillt, in the Occupation of Thomas Gill, in the County of Flint.

45. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Lawton, in the County of Chester, to Burslem and Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned.

46. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading; and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks.

47. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts passed in the first and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Basingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey.

48. An Act for the better cleansing and enlightening the Streets, Lanes, and publick Ways of the City of York, and the Suburbs thereof, and of the Liberty of Saint Peter within the said City; and for keeping the same in Repair and free from Annoyance; and for regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Carmen and Draymen, within the same.

49. An Act for taking down the Parish Church of Saint Andrew, in the City of Canterbury; and for building a new Church in a more convenient Place.

50. An Act for vesting certain Parcels of Land in Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, in the Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the said County; and appropriating the same for a Burial Ground for the said Parish.

51. An Act to amend and render more effectual so much of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge, to Colly Gate, in Cradley, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Halesowen, and from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, in the Parish of King's Norton, and from Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, as relates to the Road from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, and from Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield.

52. An Act for amending and widening the Roads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same County.

53. An Act for maintaining, regulating and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex; for cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other open Passages and Places, and regulating and keeping a Nightly Watch, within such Parts of the said Parish as are not within the Liberties of the Tower of London, or City of London; and to enable the Parishioners to raise Money to defray the Expences of repairing the said Parish Church.

54. An Act for the better and more easy rebuilding of the Town of Wareham, in the County of Dorset; and for determining Differences touching Houses and Buildings burnt down or demolished by reason of the late dreadful Fire there, and for preventing future Danger by Fire.

55. An Act for lighting the Streets and other Places, and maintaining a regular and Nightly Watch, within the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne; and for regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Cartmen, Porters, and Watermen within the same.

56. An Act for the better paving of the Streets, and for preventing Nusances, and other Annoyances in the Town of Gosport, in the County of Southampton.

57. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby, to the Town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford; and for repairing and widening the Road from Cliffebank to Snape Marsh, in the Village of Shelton, in the County of Stafford.

58. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Woodford, in the County of Essex; and for enlightening and watching Part of the said Highway from Whitechapel Church to Stratford; and for repairing the Road through the Parishes of Chigwell and Lambourn, in the County of Essex.

59. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in the County of Stafford; and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.
