Public Acts passed in 1763, 4 George 3 c.1 - c.93.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 9.
---

1. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four.

3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament, for naturalizing his Highness the Hereditary Prince of Brunswick Lunenburg.

5. An Act for naturalizing his Highness, Charles William-Ferdinand, Hereditary Prince of Brunswick Lunenburg.

6. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the free Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, from Ireland.

7. An Act to explain and amend such Part of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry, and for raising the Sum of three millions five hundred thousand thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries to be charged on the said Duties) as relates to Cyder and Perry made in this Kingdom.

8. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

9. An Act for repealing the Duties now payable upon Bever Skins imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for granting certain Duties upon the Exportation of Bever Skins and Bever Wool, and for taking off the Drawback allowed on the Exportation of such Skins.

10. An Act for the more easy Discharge of Recognizances estreated into his Majesty's Court of Exchequer.

11. An Act for continuing certain Laws therein mentioned relating to British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth, and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British made Gunpowder, and for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America.

12. An Act to continue several Laws for the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway; relating to the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and to the Relief of the Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; and for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies, directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and for punishing Persons who shall damage or destroy any Banks, Flood-gates, Sluices, or other Works, belonging to the Rivers and Streams made navigable by Act of Parliament.

13. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four; and for preventing, in certain Cases, the obtaining of Allowances in respect of the Leakage of Wines imported into this Kingdom; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

14. An Act for the better regulating of Buildings; and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned.

15. An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America); for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade); and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain.

16. An Act to enable Infants who are seised of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, within the Dutchy of Lancaster, or the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster or Durham, or the Principality of Wales, in Fee, or for the Life or Lives of one or more other Person or Persons, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates by Order of the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, of the Court of Exchequer of the County Palatine of Chester, the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Durham, and of the Courts of the Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales.

17. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

18. An Act for charging on the Sinking Fund certain Annuities granted by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned, to the said Fund; and also for consolidating such of the said Annuities as are granted for a certain Term of Years, irredeemable, with other Annuities granted by an Act passed in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

19. An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebeck in America, for a limited Time.

20. An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa.

21. An Act for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made use of in any of the Courts of the County Palatine of Durham.

22. An Act for continuing several Acts of Parliament made for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty's Subjects.

23. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and for Application of certain Savings of Publick Monies and of Monies arisen by the Sale of Military Stores and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert in Indentures, or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks Apprentices and other Servants.

24. An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

25. An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for raising certain Sums of Money towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four; and for more effectually preventing the forging Powers to transfer such Stock, or receive such Dividends or Annuities as are therein mentioned and the fraudulent personating the Owners thereof.

26. An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax, from his Majesty's Colonies in America.

27. An Act for granting for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America to the Southward of the said Provinces, subject to the like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies, to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre.

28. An Act to enable his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order the Importation of Provisions from Ireland, during the next Recess of Parliament, under certain Restrictions and Regulations therein mentioned.

29. An Act for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery in the Gulph and River of Saint Lawrence, and on the Coasts of his Majesty's Colonies in America.

30. An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four.

31. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to been stamped according to the several Acts of Parliament now in Force for that Purpose, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to prevent the Destruction of Trees and Underwoods growing in Forests and Chases.

32. An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon proper Securities, a further Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and for applying the Interest arising therefrom, towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court.

33. An Act for preventing Inconveniencies arising in Cases of Merchants, and such other Persons as are within the Description of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, being intitled to Privilege of Parliament, and becoming insolvent.

34. An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be issued in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal Tender in Payments of Money; and to prevent the legal Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting, from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in and sinking the same.

35. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased upon the Sea Coasts in the Counties of Kent, Sussex and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for Defence of the said Coasts, in pursuance of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

36. An Act to continue an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for extending the Laws, relating to Hackney Coaches, to the Counties of Kent and Essex.

37. An Act for the better establishing a Manufactory of Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known under those Denominations, now carrying on at Winchelsea, in the County of Sussex; and for improving, regulating and extending the Manufacture of Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known under those Denominations, in that Part of Great Britain called England,

38. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollments of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

39. An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual two several Acts of Parliament, made in the second and third Years of his present Majesty, for paving, cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places therein mentioned, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

40. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough and Soke of Doncaster in the County of York; and for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other open Passages and Places, within the said Borough.

41. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts in the Town and Parish of Kirby in Kendal in the County of Westmorland.

42. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Shillingford, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading, in the County of Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at or near Shillingford Ferry.

43. An Act for maintaining, regulating and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex; and for lighting the said Parish, and establishing a regular Nightly Watch therein.

44. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Horsham, in the County of Sussex, through the Parishes of Shipley, West Grinsted, Ashurst, Steyning, Bramber and Breeding, in the said County.

45. An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the Count of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, and for turning and diverting the Roads from Whaley Bridge, to Chapel in the Frith, and to Sparrow Pit Gate, and from Whaley Bridge, to the Western End of Longside Common, in the County of Chester.

46. An Act to continue an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dunbar, for improving and preserving the Harbour, and repairing the Town House, and building a School, and other publick Buildings there; and for supplying the said Town with fresh Water.

47. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads, from the End of Stanbridge Lane, near a Barn in the Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop, and from the Turnpike Road between Stanbridge Lane aforesaid, and Great Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at Stockbridge, and from the Garden of Henry Hattat, at Awbridge, to the Garden Wall of Denys Rolle, Esquire, at East Tuderly, and from Lockerley Mill Stream, to East Dean Gate, and from the said Garden Wall to the Turnpike Road leading from Stockbridge aforesaid, in the County of Southampton, to Salisbury.

48. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Calington, in the County of Cornwall.

49. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to purchase Houses and Ground for opening a Passage for Carriages, from Cornhill to the Bank, and making more commodious several other Passages leading thereto; and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Bank, and making the same more commodious.

50. An Act for the Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London.

51. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby.

52. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Gateforth, Anston, Aston, Handsworth and Darnall, to the North East End of Avercliffe, in the County of York, where the same joins the Turnpike Road from Bawtry to Sheffield.

53. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln; and from Sutton Saint Mary's, to Sutton Wash, in the said County.

54. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George, Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surry, and Lewisham, in the County of Kent; and for repairing Lambeth Back Lane, and for lighting and watching the said Roads.

55. An Act for establishing a regular and nightly Watch, and for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parish, of Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex.

56. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Blything, in the County of Suffolk.

57. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Bosmere and Claydon, in the County of Suffolk.

58. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the County of Suffolk.

59. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Hundred of Samford, in the County of Suffolk.

60. An Act for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the City of Gloucester, and for lighting the Streets of the said City.

61. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Derby to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, and several other Roads therein mentioned.

62. An Act for continuing the Terms of, and amending, the Acts for repairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford; and for widening and amending the Road through the Parish of Bromesberrow, in the County of Gloucester, and through Corse Lawn, till it meets the Road from Gloucester to Worcester.

63. An Act for amending and widening the Road from a Place near the Village of Milford, through Haslemere, to the Portsmouth Road, between Lippock and Rake, in the several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton.

64. An Act for amending and widening the Road from Tinsley in the County of York, to the Town of Doncaster, in the said County.

65. An Act for amending and widening the Road from the South End of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleasley, in the County of Derby, and also the Road from the North End of the said Town of Rotherham, into the present Turnpike Road on the East Side of Tankersley Park, in the said County of York.

66. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for repairing the Road from Newland Bridge, to the West End of the Town of Cottingham, in the said Riding.

67. An Act for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair, the High Roads leading Alfreton, in the County of Derby, through Carter's Lane, to a certain Place in the Town of Mansfield, called Stockwell, and from the Bridle Gate, at the Division of the Liberties of Blackwell and Hucknall, through the Town of Sutton in Ashfield, to the Mansfield and Newark Turnpike, at or near Python Hill, in the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham.

68. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale to Burnley, in the County of Lancaster.

69. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lockton Lane, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of York.

70. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts of the twelfth of King George the First, and of the third of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop; and also for amending and widening the Road, from the Sign of the Horse Shoe, in Uckington, to Longnor Green; and also from the West End of Hatcham Bridge, to the Cross Houses upon the Bridgenorth Turnpike Road, in the said County.

71. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Malling Street, near Lewes, and other Roads in Sussex, to the Road leading from the North End of Offham, to the Spittle Barn in Lewes aforesaid.

72. An Act for continuing one Moiety of the Duties, granted by an Act of the eleventh and twelfth Year of King William the Third, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, and which have been by several other Acts, continued till the twelfth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and for applying the same to compleating and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, and for more effectually compleating and keeping in Repair the said Harbour.

73. An Act for paving, repairing and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and publick Passages, within the Town of Whitby, in the County of York; and for preventing Incroachments and Annoyances therein; and for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen and Porters there.

74. An Act for amending and supplying the Deficiencies of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, several Acts made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for preventing Annoyances therein.

75. An Act for supplying the Borough and Town of Wigan, in the County of Lancaster, with fresh and wholsome Water.

76. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in the County of York.

77. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Piper's Inn, in the Parish of Ashcott, in the County of Somerset, to and through Glastonbury and Wells, to the White Post, in the great Wessern Road, to the City of Bath, and from Wells to Rush Hill, leading to the City of Bristol; and for repairing and widening several other Roads leading from the City of Wells.

78. An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, widening and repairing the Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, in the County of Kent; and also for amending, widening and repairing the Road leading from Cowgate and Archcliffe Fort, in Dover, through Folkstone, to the Town of Hythe in the said County.

79. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act of the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein described, leading from the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, as relates to the first District of Roads therein mentioned; and for amending the Road from Comb Hill, to a Bridge near Norton Mill, in the County of Gloucester, and from Eckington Bridge, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Upton on Severn to Pershore, in the County of Worcester.

80. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Spalding High Bridge, to the Market Place in Donington, and from the tenth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Gasbertown, to the eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Wigtoft, in the County of Lincoln.

81. An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Buck's Head at Watling Street, to Beckbury and the New Inn; and from the Birches Brook, to the Hand Post, in the Parish of Kemberton, in the County of Salop.

82. An Act for widening and repairing the Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, over Belpar Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chesterfield to Derby, at or near a Place called Openwood Gate, and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the County of Derby.

83. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcott Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Post upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and from Ilkeston, to the Towns of Heanor and Shipley, in the said County of Derby, and from Trowell, in the County of Nottingham to the Town of Nottingham.

84. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester, and from the Town of Leicester, to the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, and other Roads therein mentioned.

85. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Scots Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through the Villages of Langholm and Hawick to Haremoss, in the County of Roxburgh.

86. An Act to amend and render more effectual two several Acts passed in the twenty-fourth and twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the high Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh, and from Crarmnd Bridge to the Town of Queensferry, in the County of Linlithgow.

87. An Act for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Bideford, in the County of Devon.

88. An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff, and several other Towns and Places in the County of Glamorgan.

89. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Hundred of Mutford and Lothingland, in the County of Suffolk.

90. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Loddon and Clavering, in the County of Norfolk.

91. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Wangford, in the County of Suffolk.

92. An Act for the better paving of the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing Nuisances and other Annoyances, in that Part of the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton, commonly called Portsmouth Common.

93. An Act for the better supplying the Town of Knaresborough, and that Part of the Township of Scriven with Tenter Gate adjoining upon the said Town, with Water.

