Public Acts passed in 1765, 5 George 3 c.1 - c.108.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 10.
---

1. An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited time.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five.

3. An Act for extending the time granted by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for allowing his Majesty's Subjects to import their Goods and Effects, being the Produce of certain Places, ceded to France, and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties as they would have been liable to if the same Places had remained in his Majesty's Possession.

4. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five.

6. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

7. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

8. An Act for the more easy.and speedy Recovery of Small Debts. within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokesby, otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Lessness, in the County of Kent.

9. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Hundreds of Chippenham, Calne, and Damerham North, and Lordship or Liberty of Corsham, in the County of Wilts.

10. An Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

11. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude.

12. An Act for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the same;, and for amending such Parts of the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and Plantations, as direct the Manner of determining and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned.

13. An Act for impowering the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts passed for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls on Sundays, upon the several Roads therein mentioned, and apply the same for the Purposes of the said Acts.

14. An Act for the more effectual Preservation of Fish in Fish Ponds and other Waters; and Conies in Warrens; and for preventing the Damage done to Sea Banks, within the County of Lincoln, by the breeding Conies therein.

15. An Act for enlarging the Times limited for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

16. An Act for altering the Times of Payment of certain Annuities, established by two Acts made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

17. An Act to confirm all Leases already made by Archbishops and Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, of Tythes and other Incorporeal Hereditaments, for one, two, or three Life or Lives, or twenty-one Years; and to enable them to grant such Leases, and to bring Actions of Debt for Recovery of Rents reserved and in Arrear on Leases for Life or Lives.

18. An Act for continuing an Act made in the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for encouraging the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Part of Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof.

19. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five.

20. An Act for explaining and rendering more effectual two Acts, one made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea; and the other in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude; and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act.

21. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, together with those named in two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax; and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Commissioners of the Land Tax, by virtue of Estates of or above a certain Value, though the same were not rated or assessed at the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum; and for limiting a Time within which Suits and Prosecutions shall be commenced, with respect to the Qualifications of Persons who shall act as Commissioners of the Land Tax.

22. An Act for the further Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery.

23. An Act for granting Annuities, to be attended with a Lottery, to satisfy and discharge certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills; and for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund.

24. An Act to oblige Agents for Prize Money to account for such Sums of Money as remain in their Hands unclaimed, the Property of any of his Majesty's Land Forces; and for the Application thereof.

25. An Act to alter certain Rates of Postage, and to amend, explain, and enlarge, several Provisions in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the Post Office.

26. An Act for carrying into Execution a Contract made, pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the twelfth of his late Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury and the Duke and Dutchess of Atholl, the Proprietors of the Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Island and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly mentioned.

27. An Act to provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown should descend to any of the Children of his Majesty, being under the Age of eighteen Years; and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons.

28. An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to layout, upon Government Securities, a Sum of Money therein mentioned, out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the Interest arising therefrom, towards augmenting the Income of the Matters of the said Court.

29. An Act for repealing the Duties now payable upon Raw Silk imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Raw or Thrown Silk to Ireland, and for prohibiting the Exportation of Raw Silk from Ireland.

30. An Act for more effectually supplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Africa, with such Coarse Printed Callicoes, and other Goods of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain; for encouraging the Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom; for the better Supply of the Export thereof; and for discontinuing the Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the Isle of Man.

31. An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon Wheat and Wheat Flour imported; and also the Bounty payable on the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat Flour.

32. An Act to enable his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Recess of Parliament, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Necessity of the Time may require, and he, in his Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful.

33. An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

34. An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and for punishing Militia Men for neglecting their Duty.

35. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on the Exportation of Coals; and of several East India Goods; and upon Policies of Assurance for retaining, upon the Exportation of White Callicoes and Muslins, a further Part of the Duties paid on the Importation thereof; and for obviating a Doubt with respect to Stamp Duties imposed upon Deeds by two former Acts.

36. An Act to explain, amend, and enforce, the several Laws now in being relating to the Raising and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

37. An Act for laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic imported into or exported from Great Britain, and for confining the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only.

38. An Act to continue Part of an Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for making further Provisions for the Preservation of the said Roads.

39. An Act for more effectually preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the Illicit and Clandestine Trade to and from the Isle of Man.

40. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland a Reward for their Trouble; and for allowing further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

41. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

42. An Act for redeeming one-fourth Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities established by an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

43. An Act for the better securing, and further Improvement, of the Revenue of Customs, Excise, Inland, and Salt Duties; and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the Isle of Man; and for allowing the Importation of several Goods the Produce and Manufacture of the said Island, under certain Restrictions and Regulations.

44. An Act for repealing the Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and to vest as well the said Forts and its Dependencies, as all other the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the Property, Estate, and Effects, of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settlements, and their Dependencies, in his Majesty; and for securing, extending, and improving, the Trade to Africa.

45. An Act for more effectually securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's American Dominions; for repealing the Inland Duty on Coffee, imposed by an Act made in the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second; and for granting an Inland Duty on all Coffee imported (except Coffee of the Growth of the British Dominions in America); for altering the Bounties and Drawbacks upon Sugars exported; for repealing Part of an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his said late Majesty, whereby Bar Iron made in the said Dominions was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or carried Coastwise; and for regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs in the said Dominions.

46. An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admissions into Corporations or Companies; and for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain.

47. An Act for encreasing the Fund for Payment of the Sums of Money directed, by an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to be applied in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King's Bench, the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the Justices of Chester, and the Great Sessions for the Counties of Wales for the time being; and for applying certain Sums in Augmentation of the Salaries of the said Judges and Justices, and of the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, for a certain Time previous to the Commencement of the Augmentations established by the said Act.

48. An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Foreign manufactured Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, into Great Britain, and the British Dominions; and for rendering more effectual an Act Daffed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Henry, the Seventh, intituled, Silk Works.

49. An Act to prevent the Inconveniencies arising from the present Method of issuing Notes and Bills by the Banks, Banking Companies, and Bankers, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

50. An Act to enlarge the Powers of, and to render more effectual, the several Acts passed in the second, third, and fourth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for Paving, Cleansing, Lighting, and otherwise Regulating, the Squares, Streets, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Parts in the said Acts mentioned; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to the Surry Side of Westminster Bridge; and for enlarging the Powers of the said Act with respect to Squares.

51. An Act for repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth in the County of York; and also so much of several other Laws, as prescribes particular Standards of Width and Length of such Woollen Cloths; and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade within the West Riding of the said County, for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth; and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture at the Foreign Market.

52. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Wadhurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the County of Kent; and from the Top of Pullen's Hill, through the Parishes of Horsmonden, Marden, Yalden, and West Farley, to West Farley Street, in the said County of Kent.

53. An Act for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and for giving further Powers for repairing the Road from Chatteris Ferry to Hammond's Eau and Somersham Bridge, and for amending and widening the Road from Somersham Bridge to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives; and also the Road branching out of the said Road near Stocks Bridge, through Needingworth to Earith, in the County of Huntingdon.

54. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Dunham Ferry, to the South End of Great Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham.

55. An Act to continue the Term, and to vary and enlarge the Powers, of an Act passed in the twenty fifth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wallingford, in the County of Berks, to Wantage, and from thence to Faringdon, and also from Wantage to Idson, in the said County, so far as the same relate to the Road Heading from Wallingford to Wantage, and from thence to Faringdon; and for discontinuing the said Term and Powers, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Wantage to Idson; and for repairing the Road leading from the North East Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise Tuffield, in the County of Oxford, to the Commencement of the said Turnpike Road leading from Wallingford to Wantage.

56. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Porthaethway Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of Anglesey.

57. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keening in Repair, the Roads leading from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Petworth, to the Top of Dunckton Hill, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex.

58. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Reads in and near Great Torrington, in the County of Devon.

59. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Quay at Lymington, in the County of Southampton.

60. An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual, two Acts passed in the twelfth Year of King George the First, and the twentieth of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Essex and Suffolk; and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the Counties of Essex and Hertford.

61. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and from Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset.

62. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts of the thirteenth of George the First, and of the sixteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts; and for amending several other Roads near the said Town; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the said County, as relates to the Road within the Town of Heytesbury; and for Other Purposes therein mentioned.

63. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road at Kipping's Cross, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of Brenchley, Horsmonden, and Goudhurst, by the Left Hand Side of Iden Green, to the Turnpike Road on Witsley Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke; and from a Place near Goudhurst Gore, through the Parish of Marden, to Stile Bridge in the said Parish, and from Underden Green, in Marden aforesaid, to Wanshutt's Green, in the County of Kent.

64. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, in the County of Sussex, through Etchingham and Burwash, to the Extent of the said Parish of Burwash, in the said County.

65. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Alhallows on the Well, in the City of London, and for rebuilding the House belonging to the Rector of the said Parish; and for purchasing several Pieces of Ground and Tenements thereon, to render the Passages to and from the said Church and House more commodious.

66. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Mullens Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the eighteen Mile Stone from the City of Salisbury, and several other Roads in the Act mentioned; and also for repairing and widening several other Roads leading out of the said Roads, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

67. An Act for amending the Road from the Pinfold in Balhb, in the County of York, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham.

68. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Wrotham Heath, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surry.

69. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the South End of Newton Abbott to the Passage Way in Kinswear, opposite Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, and from the End of a Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbot, and Totnes, towards Abbots Kerswell, to Five Lanes; and from Langvers Barn to the said Turnpike Road, between Newton Abbott and Totnes; and from Galmpton Warborough to Monks Bridge and BrLxham Quay; and from Langvers Barn to the North End of Paington Town, all in the County of Devon.

70. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Keyberry Bridge to the Passage at Shalldon; and from the said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torkey, in the County of Devon.

71. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Watts Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent.

72. An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of the Coach and Horses in Birstall, to the Turnpike Road at Nunbrook; and from Bradley Lane to the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

73. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Great Grimsby Haven, at or near a Place called the Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton Church; and from Nuns Farm to the Mill Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of Lincoln.

74. An Act for enlarging the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath and the Town of Cambridge, and from Foulmire to Cambridge, and other Roads adjoining thereto, so far as the same relate to the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge, and the said other Roads adjoining thereto.

75. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, as relates to the Road from Penn Inn, in the County of Dorset, to the Work-house at the East End of the Town of Honiton, in the County of Devon, and to the Road from the Intrenchment on Askerwell Hill to Penn Inn, and from Bridport to Beamister; and for repairing and amending several other Roads therein mentioned in the Counties of Dorset and Devon.

76. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen; and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County.

77. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of the ninth and twelfth Years of Queen Anne, and of the thirteenth of King George the First, and of the fourteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon so far as relates to the Middle and South Divisions of the Road comprised in the said Acts; and for amending the Road from the Town of Huntingdon to the Causeway at or near the West End of the Town of Somersham, in the said County of Huntingdon.

78. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, through Husband's Bosworth and Great Wigston, to Milston Lane, in the Town of Leicester.

79. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the third Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to Soham; and for building a Bridge cross the River Ouze, at or near a Place called Stretham Ferry, in the County of Cambridge; and for repairing and widening, and making several other Roads, adjoining to the Roads directed to be repaired and widened by the said Act.

80. An Act for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and for giving further Powers for repairing the Road leading from Chapel on the Heath, in the County of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester.

81. An Act for Cleansing and Lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for providing Fire Engines and Fire Men; and for preventing Annoyances within the said Towns.

82. An Act to enlarge certain Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich.

83. An Act for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and marshy to Wisbech Saint Peters; and from thence to Tid Gote, in the Isle of Ely; and from Wisbech aforesaid, through Outwell, to Downham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and for repealing the several Acts for repairing the said Road between Wisbech and March.

84. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Newcastle under Line to Hassop; and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road, near Buxton; and also the Road branching out of the said first mentioned Road at Cobridge, to Burslem; and to the Utoxeter Turnpike at Shelton, in the County of Stafford.

85. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, to Hainton, in the County of Lincoln; and from North Willingham to the North End of the Lane betwixt Dexthorpe and Langton, and from West Raisin to Pilford Bridge; and from the Great Road near Bishop Bridge to Bishop Norton Common; and from the Hamlet of Morton to Epworth; and from Haxey Field, to the Trent at Kinnald Ferry, in the County of Lincoln.

86. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the High Road from the Town of Shrewsbury through Cressage, Harley, Much Wenlock, by Muckley Cross, and through Morville to Bridgenorth, in the County of Salop; and for amending several other Roads near or adjoining thereto.

87. An Act to amend several Acts passed in the fourth and sixth Years of King George the First, and in the eleventh and twenty-fourth Years of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads from the Stones End in Kent Street, and Bermondsy Street, Southwark, to Dartford, and to the Extent of the Parish of Lewisham, next Bromley and Beckingham, in the County of Kent; and for extending the said Acts to the Repair of the Roads leading from the End of the present Turnpike to the West End of Stroud Green, and to Farnborough Well, and to the Stones End in London Street, Greenwich, and to the North End of Burnt Ash Lane, in the Parish of Lee, and from the West End of Greenwich Park Wall to Woolwich Warren; and for making an Allowance out of the Tolls arising by the said Acts to the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of the twenty-second Year of King George the Second, for opening and making a new Road from the East End of New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future.

88. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Barton Waterside-house to Riseham Edge Corner, and several other Roads in the County of Lincoln, therein mentioned.

89. An Act for the building a Bridge over the River Tay, at or near the Town of Perth, in the County of Perth.

90. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Alfreton Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robins, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through Woolley Moor, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road near Tansley, in the County of Derby and from Woolley Moor, to the Chesterfield Turnpike Road at Kelslidge, in the County of Derby.

91. An Act for vesting certain Glebe Lands, belonging to the Rectory of the Parish Church of Saint Christopher, in the City of London, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and for making a Recompence to the Rector of the said Parish, and his Successors, in lieu, thereof; and for obviating certain Doubts in an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London.

92. An Act for explaining and amending, and likewise for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset.

93. An Act for repairing, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Port Town and Borough of Minehead, through Dunster and Timberscombe, to Hele Bridge, and through the Town of Dulverton, and by the River and Brushford Green to Exbridge, in the County of Somerset, and from thence to Batham Bridge, in the Town of Bampton, in the County of Devon; and also the Road leading from the said Port Town and Borough of Minehead, through Carhampton and Billbrooke to Harrow Gate, in the Parish of Stogumber, in the County of Somerset; and also the Road leading from Carhampton aforesaid, through the Town of Watchet, in the Parish of Saint Decumans, in the County of Somerset, to or near the Village of Rydon, and by Long Cross Barn, to the End of the Bridgewater Turnpike Road, in the Town of Nether Stowey, in the County of Somerset; and also from the said Town of Watchet to Tower Hill, in the Village of Williton, in the Parish of Saint Decumans, and from the said Town of Watchet, by Way of Five Bells, to Fair Cross, and from thence to Stickle Path, over Brendon Hill, to Robery Lane, and to Bampton, in the said County of Devon.

94. An Act for repairing the Church of the United Parishes of All Saints and Saint John, in the Town of Hertford.

95. An Act for repairing and widening the Road, leading from a Street called The Hundred, at Romsey, through Chilworth, to the River at Swathling, in the County of Southampton, and for connecting the same with the Road leading from the City of Winchester, through Hursley, to Chandler's Ford; and from Hursley aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Romsey aforesaid; and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from the River at Swathling aforesaid, through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sherril Heath, in the said County of Southampton.

96. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Alford to Boston, and from thence to Cowbridge, in the County of Lincoln.

97. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Hundreds of Loes, and Wilford, in the County of Suffolk.

98. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Crossford Bridge to Manchester, and for amending the Road from Crossford Bridge aforesaid, to a certain Place in Altrincham, in the County of Palatine of Chester.

99. An Act for amending and widening the Road, from the City of York, by Grimston Smithy, to Kexby Bridge, and from Grimston Smithy aforesaid, to a certain Gate, at the Upper End of Garraby Hill, in the County of York.

100. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Saxon's Lane End, in the County of Lancaster, and from the Cross, in Ashton Under Line, in the said County of Lancaster, to Doctor's Lane Head, in the County of York; and also the Road branching out of the first-mentioned Road, in the Township of Bredbury, to Mottram, in the said County of Chester.

101. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Little Bridge, over the End of the Drain, next Wisbeach River, lying between Roper's Fields, and the Bell Inn in Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, to the Sign of the Bear in Walsoken, in the County of Norfolk; and from Walsoken Bridge, lying over the same Drain, to the said Sign of the Bear, and to Lord's Bridge, in Islington; and from thence to the West Ends of Maudlin Bridge and German's Bridge in the County of Norfolk; and from the East End of German's Bridge aforesaid to the West End of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk; and from Islington aforesaid, to Cross Keys Wash, in the said County.

102. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from between the second and third Mile Stones, on the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole, and Winborne Minster, in the County of Dorset, to Bratton Corner, in the County of Somerset.

103. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliffe Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned; and for lighting, watching, and watering, the said Roads.

104. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Towns of Shepton Mallet and Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing the Roads from Shepton Mallet to Leighton, and from Shepton Mallet to Long Cross Bottom.

105. An Act lot repairing and widening the Road, from the Turnpike Road in Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Daventre, and Cottesbach, to the South End of Mill Field, in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester.

106. An Act to continue the Term and render more effectual an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Littleworth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the High Road there.

107. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Great Bridge, in the Borough of Warwick, through Southam and Daventry, to the Town of Northampton.

108. An Act for amending and widening the Road from the North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York.
