Public Acts passed in 1766, 6 George 3 c.1 - c.102.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 10.
---

1. An Act to continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six.

3. An Act for allowing the Importation of Corn and Grain, from his Majesty's Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

4. An Act for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oatmeal into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, Duty-free.

5. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, for a limited Time.

6. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokesley otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Lessness, in the County of Kent, to the Hundred of Wallington in the County of Surrey.

7. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to the several Acts of Parliament now in Force for that Purpose, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped.

8. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

9. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six.

10. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

11. An Act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing the same; and for amending such Parts of the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and Plantations, as direct the Manner of determining and recovering the Penalties and Forfeiture therein mentioned.

12. An Act for the better securing the Dependency of his Majesty's Dominions in America upon the Crown and Parliament of Great Britain.

13. An Act to remove a Doubt concerning such Part of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the ascertaining of the Duties upon the Importation of certain Linen Cloth of the Manufacture of Russia and to obviate all Doubts with respect to the Importation of Tea, under certain Licences authorised to be granted by an Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty.

14. An Act for repealing the Duties granted upon Cyder and Perry by an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and for granting other Duties on Cyder and Perry in lieu thereof; and for more effectually securing the Duties on Cyder and Perry imposed by several former Acts.

15. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six.

16. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City of Bath, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof.

17. An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled An additional Act for the improvement of Tillage, as relates to the City of London.

18. An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

19. An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Trade and Manufacture of Leather Gloves and Mitts in this Kingdom.

20. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Derby, and the Liberties thereof.

21. An Act for redeeming one third Part of the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

22. An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

23. An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth in the County of York; and also so much of several other Laws as prescribes particular Standards of width and Length of such Woollen Cloths; and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade within the West Riding of the said County; for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth; and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture at the Foreign Market.

24. An Act for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the same; and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages,adjoining thereto; and for preventing Annoyances therein.

25. An Act for better regulating Apprentices, and Persons working under Contract.

26. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the City of London, and the Liberties thereof; and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers of an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for ether Purposes therein mentioned.

28. An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture.

29. An Act to prevent the fraudulent marking of Framework Knitted Pieces, and Stockings.

30. An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven Hundred and sixty-six; and for explaining, amending, and rendering mote effectual, several Acts of Parliament passed in the second, fourth, and fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

31. An Act for taking down and removing certain Light-houses now standing near the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber, and for erecting other fit and convenient Light-houses instead thereof.

32. An Act to extend an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons and unlawful Exporters of Wool, and for declaring the Law upon same Points relative to Pirates; to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, so far as the said Act relates to the more effectual Transportation of Felons; and for amending and rendering more effectual the Laws for restraining Muirburn, in forbidden Time, in that Part of the United Kingdom.

33. An Act to enable his Majesty to exchange the Lands of Fernan and Lix, in the County of Perth, for other Lands belonging to the Right Honourable John Earl of Breadalbane, in Pitkellony, in the said County of Perth.

34. An Act for widening several Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the City of Bristol, and for opening several new Streets and Passages within the same; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, and other Places, within the said City, and Liberties thereof.

35. An Act to continue an Act made in the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing, amending, explaining, and making more effectual, an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his said Majesty, more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places therein mentioned.

36. An Act for encouraging the Cultivation, and for the better Preservation of Trees, Roots, Plants, and Shrubs.

37. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned.

38. An Act for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights.

39. An Act for raising the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the Sinking Fund.

40. An Act for explaining and amending such Part of an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to certain Duties on Wines imported; for the more easy collecting, and effectually securing, the Stamp Duties for Copies of Court Rolls; for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert in Indentures, or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants; for amending, such Parts of two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, as relate to certain East India Goods, and Bugles, exported to Africa; for permitting a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to be exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there; for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Coals, free from the Payment of the Duty granted by an Act made in the last Session of Parliaments to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney; and for obviating certain Doubts with respect to the Importation of Oats and Oat-meal, under the Authority of an Act made in this present Session of Parliament.

41. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

42. An Act to continue an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for importing Salt from Europe, into the Province of Quebec in America, for a limited Time.

43. An Act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing, the Execution of two several Acts, one made in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and the other in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for obliging Mortgagees taking Possession of Toll-gates on Turnpike Roads, and Toll gatherers appointed by them, to account.

44. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the Premium upon Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; to the securing the Duties upon Foreign made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign made Sails with a Duty; and for enlarging the Times limited for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in Acts of this Session of Parliament.

45. An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British made Cordage; and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon Foreign rough Hemp exported.

46. An Act for explaining Part of an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the Removal for Home Consumption of Spirits made for Exportation; for laying an additional Duty upon the Importation of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies; for allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic to Ireland, free of Duty, for the Use of the Manufacturers there; for permitting the Importation into this Kingdom, from the Isle of Man, of a certain Quantity of Bugles; and for altering certain Regulations relating to the Tonnage of Ships exporting and importing Spirits.

47. An Act for laying additional Duties on certain Spirits imported; and for prolonging the Time allowed by Law for lodging and keeping in Warehouses Rum and Spirits imported.

48. An Act for the better Preservation of Timber Trees, and of Woods and Underwoods; and for the further Preservation of Roots, Shrubs, and Plants.

49. An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes; for granting certain Duties to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Island into any other British Colony.

50. An Act for allowing the Conveyance, from the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth to the Port of Cowes in the Isle of Wight, of Goods not liable to Duty on Exportation, or prohibited to be exported, and of Sheep and Cattle, between the said Ports, without Cocquets being taken, or Bonds entered into for that Purpose; and for extending an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for taking Affidavits in the Country, to be made use of in the Courts of Kings Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, to the Isle of Man; and for appointing Ports and Places for shipping and landing Goods in the said Island.

51. An Act for indemnifying Persons who have incurred certain Penalties inflicted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Stamp Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; and for making valid all Instruments executed or inrolled there on unstamped Paper, Vellum, or Parchment.

52. An Act for repealing certain Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations, granted by several Acts of Parliament; and also the Duties imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament upon certain East India Goods exported from Great Britain; and for granting other Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America.

53. An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration and the Assurance; and for amending so much of an Act of the seventh Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of the Union of the two Kingdoms, as, after the Time therein limited, requires the Delivery of certain Lists and Copies therein mentioned to Persons indicted of High Treason, or Misprision of Treason.

54. An Act for putting the Road from Clarges Street to Hyde Park Corner, and from the South End of Park Lane, to the North Side of Hertford Street, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, now under the Direction of the Acts for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, Fulham, and Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, under the Management of the Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, in Westminster.

55. An Act to enable Thomas Kymer Esquire, to make a navigable Cut or Canal from little Gwendraeth Rivery near the Town of Kidwely, to the Great Forest and Pwll Llygod, in the County of Carmarthen.

56. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to the Cross Ways near Maresfield Street, in the County of Sussex.

57. An act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of two Acts, one of the twelfth of King George the First, and the other of the Fourteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Horsley Upright Gate, to the Top of Kingsdown Hill, in the County of Wilts; and for amending several Roads near or adjoining to the said Road.

58. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of art Act of the fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Godstone, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the Parish of East Grinsted, in the County of Sussex.

59. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley, by Molscroft, to Kendell House; and from Molscroft to Bainton Balk, in the County of York.

60. An Act for discontinuing the Use of several Roads leading into and over Fisherwick Park, in the County of Stafford; and for building and maintaining a publick Bridge cross the River Tame, at or near Elford Mill Ford, in the said County; and for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from such Bridge to Hademore Gate, in the Road leading through Whittington to Lichfield.

61. An Act for the better Regulation of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Liverpool.

62. An Act to enlarge and continue the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferry Bridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferry Bridge to Weatherby; and from thence to Borough Bridge, in the County of York; as to so much of the said Act as relates to the said Roads from Doncaster, through Ferry Bridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross.

63. An Act for the Support and Preservation of the Parish Church of Folkestone, and the lower Part of the Town of Folkestone, in the County of Kent.

64. An Act for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor within the Parish of Saint Botolph, Aldgate, in the City of London.

65. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Malling Street, near the Town of Lewes, and other Roads in the County of Sussex; and for amending the Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the West End of the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, through the Parishes of Etchingham and Burwash; and from the said Broil Park Gate to the Town of Battel, in the said County.

66. An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Battersea, in the County of Surry, to Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex.

67. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Bawtry, in the County of York, to East Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to Twiford Bridge, in the said County.

68. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross or Market Place in the Town of Wimborne Minster, to the Cross or Market Place in the Town of Blanford Forum, in the County of Dorset.

69. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley Mill, in the said County.

70. An Act to remove and regulate the Publick Markets in the City of Bath; for widening certain Streets, Ways, and Passages, within the said City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and for opening certain new Streets and Ways within the same; for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, to remove all Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and to prevent the same for the future; and for better supplying the Inhabitants of the said City, Liberties, and Precincts, with Water.

71. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads in the County of Bucks, so far as the same relates to the Road between the Town of Wendover and the Town of Buckingham.

72. An Act for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for repairing the Highways, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and other Places in the Town and Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey; and for removing and preventing Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments therein; and for shutting up a Road from the late Horse Ferry at Kew to West Sheene Lane, near Richmond Green; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Kew Bridge to Richmond.

75. An Act for repairing the Road from the Burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the Marchburn.

74. An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex.

75. An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for rebuilding the Parish Church of Alhallows on the Wall, in the City of London; and for rebuilding the House belonging to the Rector of the said Parish; and for purchasing several Pieces of Ground and Tenements thereon, to render the Passages to and from the said Church and House more commodious.

76. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous and near to the Bank; and for making certain Avenues leading thereto more commodious.

77. An Act for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge in the Town of Shrewsbury.

78. An Act for making and continuing navigable the River Stort, in the Counties of Hertford and Essex.

79. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Ashborne to Sudbury; and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge; and from the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor to Tutbury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford.

80. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Brimmington and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, over the High Moors, to the several Places therein mentioned.

81. An Act for further continuing the Duty of one Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act of the first Year of Queen Anne, and revived and continued by an Act of the eighth of King George the Second, for improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, and for better regulating the Shipping there.

82. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty sixth Year of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relates to the Districts of Roads from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow; and from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge; and for altering and ascertaining the Course of the last mentioned District of Road.

83. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of two Acts made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, as relates to the Road from Spittlegate Hill to Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln.

84. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill to Red Cross, in the Parish of Shelford, in the County of Cambridge.

85. An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike at Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Ringlet Cross, near Uckfield, in the County of Sussex.

86. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road in the parish of Hursley, in the County of Southampton through the Borough of Andover, to the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks; and from Newbury to Clinton Pond and Newtown River.

87. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Mansfield and Chesterfield Turnpike Road, near the Nine Mile Stone from Mansfield, through Temple Normanton, Tupton New Inclosure, and Birkin Lane, to Bunting Field Nook, in the Parish of Ashover, in the County of Derby.

88. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, to Uttoxeter; and from Spath to Hanging Bridge; and from Townall's Lane, to Yoxall Bridge, in the said County.

89. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Woor to Chester, near the Town of Namptwich, in the County of Chester; and from Chesterton, through Audley and Balterley, to Ghorsly Hill.

90. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the eighth and twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the County of York.

91. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Watt's Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relates to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone.

92. An Act for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market Cross in the Town of Wareham, and in Purbeck, in the County of Dorset.

93. An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Biddenden, in the Weald of Kent, through the Towns of Smarden and Charing, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Feversham, at a Place called Bound Gate.

94. An Act for making the River Soar navigable from the River Trent, to or near Loughborough, in the County of Leicester; and for making Navigable Cuts or Canals from the said River Soar, to or near The Rushes and the Hermitage Pool, at Loughborough aforesaid.

95. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from High Bullen, in Wednesbury, to the further End of Darlaston Lane, next the Portway; and from thence through Bilston, to the further End of Gibbett Lane; and several other Roads leading to and from Bilston, in the County of Stafford.

96. An Act for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap.

97. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Severn. between Bewdley and Titton Brook, in the County of Worcester, to cross the River Trent, at or near Heywood Mill, in the County, of Stafford, and to communicate with a Canal intended to be made between the said River Trent and the River Mersey.

98. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads, leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent.

99. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Muckley Corner to Walsall and Wednesbury, and to Leigh Brook and Ocker Hill, and several other Roads in the County of Stafford.

100. An Act for the better regulating and employing the Poor; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said County.

101. An Act for making the River Chelmer navigable from the Port of Malden to the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex.

102. An Act to enable the Principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy to carry into Execution certain Articles of Agreement made for a Lease of Ground for the Improvement of his Majesty's Dock Yard at Plymouth.
