Public Acts passed in 1766-7, 7 George 3 c.1 - c.106.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 10.
---

1. An Act to continue an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time.

2. An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations, granted by several Acts of Parliament; and also the Duties imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament upon certain East India Goods exported from Great Britain; and for granting other Duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America, as relates to the Exportation of non-enumerated Goods from the British Colonies in America.

3. An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour.

4. An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour from his Majesty's Colonies in America, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

5. An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour from any Part of Europe into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

6. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Petty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven.

7. An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Publick, in advising or carrying into Execution the Order of Council of the twenty-sixth Day of September last, for laying an Embargo on all Ships laden with Wheat or Wheat Flour; and for preventing Suits in consequence of the said Embargo.

8. An Act for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oat-meal, Rye and Rye-meal, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

9. An Act for obviating Doubts which have arisen with respect to so much of an Act made in the full Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled (An Act to amend an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, concerning the Qualification of Justices of the Peace, and for other Purposes therein mentioned) as directs the taking of certain Oaths by Justices of the Peace, on the issuing of any new Commission of the Peace.

10. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

11. An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, free of Duty, from any Part of Europe, for a further Time than is allowed by any Act made in this Session of Parliament; and for permitting the free Importation of Barley, Barley-meal, and Pulse, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time.

12. An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs-lard, and Grease.

13. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

14. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven.

15. An Act for giving further Time to his Majesty's Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices, and Clerks of the Peace, and others, for carrying into Execution certain Parts of an Act passed in the last Section, for Pay and Cloathing of the Militia; and for indemnifying such Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, and Clerks of the Peace, and others, who have neglected to carry such Parts of the said Act into Execution.

16. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven.

17. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; for the more effectually punishing Serjeants, Drummers, and Fifers, for Misbehaviour and Desertion; for securing Deserters from the Militia Regiments; and for explaining and amending so much of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to inlisting Militia Men into his Majesty's other Forces.

18. An Act to enable the Trustees of the British Museum to exchange, sell, or dispose of, any Duplicates of printed Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Things that may be wanting in, or proper for the said Museum.

19. An Act to enable his Majesty to settle certain Annuities on their Royal Highnesses the Dukes of York, Gloucester, and Cumberland.

20. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Bast, or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse Hair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the same, imported into this Kingdom.

21. An Act to obviate Inconveniencies which may arise with respect to the Execution of several Acts of Parliament in such Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Franchises, and Liberties, as have only one Justice of the Peace of the Quorum qualified to act within the Time.

22. An Act for further allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat flour, Barley, Bailey-meal, and Pulse, free of Duty, into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe.

23. An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof; and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex.

24. An Act for raising the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities, and a Lottery attended with Annuities, to be charged on the Sinking Fund.

25. An Act for redeeming one fourth Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities established by an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom; and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties.

26. An Act for redeeming the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities established by an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

27. An Act for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh over certain adjoining Lands; and for giving Powers to the Magistrates of Edinburgh for the Benefit of the said City; and to enable his Majesty to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre in the City of Edinburgh, or Suburbs thereof.

28. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon certain Linen Cloth imported; and for carrying such Duties, together with the additional Duties granted in this Session of Parliament upon the Importation of Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, and certain Materials for making the same, to the Sinking Fund.

29. An Act for explaining an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, to prevent Extortion in Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, and Bailiffs of Franchises or Liberties, in Cases of Execution.

30. An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice, Sago Powder, and Vermicelli, into this Kingdom, from his Majesty's Colonies in North America, for a limited Time.

31. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

32. An Act for applying the Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, for carrying on an additional Building for a more commodious Passage to the House of Commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane and Old Palace Yard.

33. An Act to inforce, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Execution of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for explaining the said Act.

34. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

35. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Provinces of Carolina and Georgia, in America, directly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built and navigated according to Law; and to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain.

36. An Act to continue so much of an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; and for allowing the Bounties granted by any Acts of Parliament now in being upon the Exportation of Corn and Malt declared or made for Exportation, and Barley steeped and entered at the Excise Office to be made into Malt for Exportation, before a limited Time.

37. An Act for completing the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surry, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeeming the Tolls on the said Bridge, and on London Bridge; for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate in the said City; for repairing the Royal Exchange within the same; for embanking Part of the North Side of the said River, within certain Limits; and for further continuing, towards those Purposes, the Imposition of six Pence per Chaldron, or Ton, of Coals and Culm imported into the Port of the said City, established by an Act of the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and also for carrying on the new Pavements in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parishes adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

38. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for Encouragement of the Arts of Designing, Engraving, and Etching, Historical and other Prints; and for vesting in, and securing to, Jane Hogarth, Widow, the Property in certain Prints.

39. An Act for the better Regulation of the Parish Poor Children, of the several Parishes therein mentioned, within the Bills of Mortality.

40. An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

41. An Act to enable his Majesty to put the Customs, and other Duties, in the British Dominions in America, and the Execution of the Laws relating to Trade there, under the Management of Commissioners to be appointed for that Purpose, and to be resident in the said Dominions.

42. An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Statutes now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

43. An Act to amend and enforce the Acts of the eighteenth, twenty-first, and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation and Wearing of Cambricks and French Lawns.

44. An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Assurance; and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the Prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

45. An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man; and for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, authorised by an Act made in this Session to be transported to the said Island.

46. An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation, from this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations.

47. An Act for discontinuing the Duties on Logwood exported; for taking off the Duties on Succus Liquoritiae imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for explaining such Parts of two Acts made in the tenth and twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, as relate to certain Duties on Silks, painted, printed, or Rained, in Great Britain; for granting a Duty upon the Exportation of such Rice as shall have been imported Duty-free, in pursuance of an Act made in this Session of Parliament; and for more effectually preventing the Wear of Foreign Lace and Needle Work which are prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom.

48. An Act for regulating the Proceedings of certain Publick Companies and Corporations carrying on Trade or Dealings with Joint Stocks, in respect to the Declaring of Dividends;and for further regulating the Qualification of Members for voting in their respective General Courts.

49. An Act for regulating certain Proceedings of the General Courts of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

50. An Act for amending certain Laws relating to the Revenue of the Post Office; and for granting Rates of Portage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Isle of Man, and within that Island.

51. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the River Thames; and for extending the said Navigation to the Floodgates belonging to the Town Mill, in the said Town of Hertford.

52. An Act for erecting a proper and convenient Pier at the Port of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, for the better Protection of Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Port.

53. An Act for draining and preserving Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam, otherwise Grant, West, and the Hardlands of Bettisham, Swaffham Bulbeck, and Swaffham Prior, East; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain Fen Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands.

54. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two Sevenths Excise; for impowering his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to permit the Importation of any Sort of Corn or Grain, Duty-free, into this Kingdom, for a longer Time than is permitted by any Act of this Session of Parliament; and for obviating Doubts in relation to the Meeting of Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session, for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax.

55. An Act for further continuing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

56. An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of one Shilling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Single Teas consumed in Great Britain; and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company, as is therein mentioned; for permitting the Exportation of Teas in smaller Quantities than one Lot to Ireland, or the said Dominions in America; and for preventing Teas seized and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain.

57. An Act for establishing an Agreement for the Payment of the annual Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, by the East India Company, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies.

58. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax.

59. An Act for restraining and prohibiting the Governor, Council, and House of Representatives, of the Province of New York, until Provision shall have been made for furnishing the King’s Troops with all the Necessaries required by Law, from passing or assenting to any Act of Assembly, Vote, or Resolution, for any other Purpose.

60. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Brecon.

61. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts passed in the thirteenth Year of King George the First, and the seventeenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks; and for amending the Road from Slough, to a certain Place in Eton, and from Langly Broom to Datchet Bridge, in the County of Buckingham.

62. An Act to continue the Term, and render more effectual an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon; and for repairing and widening the Road from Bickley Bridge Cross, over Bickley Bridge, to the Sign of the Swan in the Town of Silverton; and also the Road from Bickley Wood Cross to Ford Village Water, in the said County.

63. An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Swinford, in the County of Berks, to Eynsham, in the County of Oxford.

64. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for opening and making a new Road from the East End of New Street, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future; and for repairing several other Roads adjoining thereto.

65. An Act for continuing, altering, and amending, two Acts of Parliament of the twelfth of King George the First, and of the tenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Worcester; and for amending several other Roads near or adjoining thereto.

66. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Thames Street, in the City of Oxford, over Botley Causeway, to the Turnpike Road near Fifield, in the County of Berks.

67. An Act for amending, repairing, and widening, several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford.

68. An Act for amending and widening the Road leading from the Bell Inn at Northfeld, in the County of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike, in the great Turnpike Road leading from Stratford upon Aeon, in the County of Warwick, to Birmingham in the same County.

69. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Martin, within the City of Worcester.

70. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Kingston upon Hull, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull.

71. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Sacred Gate, on the South East Side of the Town of Hedon, in the East Riding of the County of York, through the said Town, to Hull North Bridge; and for amending the Road from the present Turnpike Bar in Wyton Holmes, through the Townships of Wyton and Sproatley, to the Guide Post in Flinton Lane, near Humbleton Moor Hourse, in the same Riding.

72. An Act for the better and more effectual Maintenance and Relief of the Poor of the Borough and Parish of Queenborough, in the County of Kent.

73. An Act for building a Bridge cross Stonehouse Creek, from Stonehouse to Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon.

74. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament, of the third of King George the First, and the eleventh of his late Majesty, for enabling the Parishioners of Saint Mary Rotherhith, in the County of Surrey, by certain Funeral Rates therein mentioned, to finish the said Parish Church, and for purchasing an additional Burial Ground, and to enable them to raise Money for purchasing the present Parsonage House, and converting the Scite thereof into a Burial Ground, and for providing a new Parsonage House.

75. An Act for the more effectual repairing, widening, and rendering commodious the Highways within the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex; and for lighting the Street in Old Brentford within the said Parish, from the Turning towards Kew Bridge, to a Street called The Half Acre.

76. An Act for continuing the Term of several Acts for repairing the Road between Wymondham and Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk; and for amending the Road from the End of the Town Close, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Chalk Pits near Thetford, in the said County of Norfolk.

77. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal Ash, in the County of Warick, through Studley, to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town of Birmingham.

78. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of two Acts made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of George the First, and in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill, near Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham, as relates to the Road leading from Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham.

79. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Bottesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and from Chappel Bar, near the Well End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby and from the Guide Post in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry; as relates to the Road leading from Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge.

80. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for erecting and building two new Churches, and providing Burial Places, in the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

81. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Hatton, near the Borough of Warwick, through King's Norton, in the County of Worcester; and to the upper End of Gannow Green, in the Parish of Broomsgrove, and to the Bell Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of Worcester.

82. An Act to explain, alter, and amend, an Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from between the second and third Mile Stones on the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole and Winborn Minster, in the County of Dorset, to Bratton Corner, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road in Brainston, to or near a House called Fontleroy's Farm House, in the County of Dorset.

83. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Shaddon Gate, near Carlisle, to the present Turnpike Road at Mulaside; and from a Place in the said Turnpike Road, between Binsey Mires and North Raw Gate, to join the Turnpike Road at Skillbeck, in the County of Cumberland.

84. An Act for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Swift's Den, in the Parish of Etchingham; and from Frant to Possingworth Great Wood, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading to Blackboys, in the County of Sussex.

85. An Act for paving the Streets and other Places in that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and Part of a Street called East Smithfield in the Precinct of Saint Catherine; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the same, and preventing Obstructions and Anoyances therein.

86. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley, and Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to Beggars Bush, in the Turnpike Road leading from Tunbridge Wells to Maresfield, in the County of Sussex.

87. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise passable, for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, so far as the same relates to the River Itching, running from Alresford, through Winchester, to the Sea, near Southampton, and for better regulating the said Navigation.

88. An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills, in the Road to Staines; and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook; and for repairing, turning, or altering, the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to the Town of Isleworth, in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of Tedington Field; and also the Highway leading out of the said great Road, near Smallberry Green Turnpike, to a House known by the Sign of The George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid; and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways.

89. An Act to repair and widen the Road from Whitecross, to the Town of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York.

90. An Act for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or a sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Burrowstounness and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow, and for extending the same over the Parish of Burrowstounness; for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

91. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Brick Kilns on East Malling Heath, to the Turnpike Road on Pembury Green, and from Brand Bridges to the Four Wents, near Matfield Green, in the County of Kent.

92. An Act to repair and widen the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and Newcastle under Line; and from Hinstock to Nantwich aforesaid.

93. An Act for making navigable the River Ure, from its Junction with the River Swale, to the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York.

94. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of Peniston, in the County of York, to Salter’s Brook, in the County of Chester; and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of York, to Hartcliffe Hill, in the said Parish of Peniston; and for making the said Act more effectual, so far as the same relates to the said Road between Rotherham and Hartcliffe Hill.

95. An Act for making navigable a Brook called Codbeck, from the River Swale, to the Borough of Thirsk, in the County of York.

96. An Act for making navigable the River Ouze, from below Widdington Ings, at or near Linton, to the Junction of the Rivers Swale and Ure; and for making navigable the said River Swale, from the said Junction, to Morton Bridge, and also the Brook running from Bedale, into the River Swale, in the County of York.

97. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Hull and Frodingham Beck, from Ake Beck Mouth, to the Clough on the East Corner of Fishholme; and for extending the said Navigation from the said Clough, into or near the Town of Great Driffield, in the East Riding of the County of York.

98. An Act for the more effectual Draining the Lands lying in the Level of Ancholme, in the County of Lincoln, and miking the River Ancholme navigable from the River Humber, at or near a Place called Ferraby Sluice, in the County of Lincoln, to the Town of Glomford Briggs; and for continuing the said Navigation up or near to the said River, from thence to Bishop Briggs, in the said County of Lincoln.

99. An Act for establishing and well-governing a General Hospital to be called Addenbrooke's Hospital in the Town of Cambridge.

100. An Act to amend an Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March to Wisbech Saint Peter's; and from thence to Tide Gote in the Isle of Ely; and from Wisbech aforesaid, through Outwell to Downham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and for repealing the several Acts for repairing the said Road between Wisbech and March; and also for charging certain Lands in Waldersea, and on Wisbech South Side, towards the Repairs or the Waldersea and South Side Banks, which, before the passing of this Act, were liable to such Repairs.

101. An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and for Lighting and Watering the said Roads; and for Paving the Street and Highway and Footways in Kensington; and for Lighting and Watching the same, and the Courts and Alleys adjoining thereto.

102. An Act to continue and render more effectual three Acts for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex; and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge over Harwell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the great Western Road, in the said County; and for Lighting, Watching, and Watering, the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits.

103. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Town of Tenterden to and over Bull Green, and to and through the Town of Great Chart to a House known by the Sign of the Castle at the Entrance of the Town of Ashford, in the County of Kent; and also the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid to Hothfield Heath; and also the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, through High Halden, to Dashmanden in the Parish of Biddenden, in the said County of Kent.

104. An Act for repairing and widening the Rond from Marchweil, in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenhury and Hanmer, in the County of Flint, to a House in the Possession of Thomas Jenks, in Dodington, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas, in the County of Chester, and from Redbrook to Hampton in the said County of Salop.

105. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, for making a Road from the East Side of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East End of Church-street, and to open a Wav into Shoreditch; and for repairing, paving, and regulating, Old Cock-lane, New Cock-lane, Church-street, and the Road on the West Side of the Opening into Shoreditch, and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the same for the future.

106. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Ayr.
