Public Acts passed in 1769, 9 George 3 c.1 - c.95.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 10.
---

1. An Act to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Flour.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine.

3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An Act to allow for a further Time the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from his Majesty's Colonies in North America.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine.

6. An Act for the more effectually preventing the clandestine Importation of Foreign Spirits; and for explaining such Part of an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Penalties inflicted upon Persons selling Ale, Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors by Retail, without Licence; and for taking away certain Powers granted by former Acts, for punishing Persons convicted of retailing Spirituous Liquors without Licence.

7. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

8. An Act for repairing, improving, and better preserving of the Harbour and Quay of Wells, in the County of Norfolk.

9. An Act to continue an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

10. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Parish and Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, and for preventing Nusances and Annoyances therein.

11. An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom, as restrains any Person keeping an Inn, Tavern, Alehouse, or Victualling-house, or selling Wine, Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors, by Retail, from publickly using any wrought or manufactured Plate, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof, except Spoons; and for putting an End to Prosecutions commenced for Offences against such Part of the said Act.

12. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Members, and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped.

13. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Liberty of St. Martin Le Grand, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

14. An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine; and for securing and preserving Duplicates of Assessments, and other Papers relating to the Land Tax.

15. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine.

16. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever.

17. An Act for enabling His Majesty to license a Play-house in the City of York; and in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull.

18. An Act for amending and further continuing an Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

19. An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities, a further Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the common and general Cash in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the Interest arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court.

20. An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace in the General Quarter Sessions of their respective Counties and Divisions to repair the Shire Halls, County Halls, or other Buildings, wherein the Assizes or Grand Sessions are usually held.

21. An Act for the more effectual paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and publick Passages, in the Town of Gainsburgh, in the County of Lincoln; and for laying a Duty on all Coals brought to the said Town to be sold, and for applying the same to such Purposes.

22. An Act to amend, and render more effectual an Act passed in the seventh Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets, and other Places, in that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate which lies in the County of Middlesex; and Part of a Street, called East Smithfield, in the Precinct of Saint Catherine; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the same, and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

23. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of the twenty-eighth of his late Majesty, for the better enlightening and cleansing the Open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, London, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish; and for impowering the Trustees, in the said Act named, to pave the said Streets and other Places within the said Parish, and to remove Annoyances and Obstructionss.

24. An Act for carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by the East India Company for the Payment of the Annual Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies.

25. An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money.

26. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

27. An Act to continue certain Laws therein mentioned, for granting, for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Provinces of South and North Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America to the Southward of the said Province, subject to the like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre.

28. An Act to permit the Inhabitants of Jersey and Guernsey to export directly from thence to Newfoundland, or the British Colonies in America, Goods necessary for the Fishery, under certain Restrictions; and to import from thence Non-enumerated Goods (except Rum) and to land the same in the said Islands.

29. An Act for the more effectual Punishment of such Persons as shall demolish or pull down, burn, or otherwise destroy or spoil, any Mill or Mills; and for preventing the destroying or damaging of Engines for draining Collieries and Mines; or Bridges, Waggon Ways, or other Things used in conveying Coals, Lead, Tin, or other Minerals, from Mines; or Fences for inclosing Lands in pursuance of Acts of Parliament.

30. An Act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne as relates to the Harbour Moorings of the Royal Navy; and for the more effectual Preservation of such Harbour Moorings; and Punishment of Persons guilty of dealing or embezzling his Majesty's Naval Stores; or of Forgery or Perjury in relation to Seamens Wages.

31. An Act for the establishing and well governing an Hospital for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of Penitent Prostitutes; and for extinguishing the Right of Common of and in certain Lands in Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey.

32. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the High Streets and Lanes in the Parish of Saint Nicholas within the City of Rochester and Parish of Stroud in the County of Kent; and for making a Road through Star Lane, across certain Fields adjoining thereto, to Chatham Hill in the said County.

33. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery.

34. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying a certain Sum therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

35. An Act for discontinuing, upon the Exportation of Iron imported in Foreign Ships, the Drawback of such Part of the Duties payable thereon as exceeds the Duties payable upon Iron imported in British Ships; to prohibit the Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron, and certain Naval Stores, unless the Pre-emption thereof be offered to the Commissioners of the Navy; to repeal so much of an Act made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as discontinued the Drawback upon Foreign Rough Hemp exported; for providing a Compensation to the Clerks in the Offices of the Principal Secretaries of State, for the Advantages such Clerks enjoyed before the Commencement of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; and to explain and amend the said Act.

36. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine.

37. An Act for reviving several Acts for preventing Abuses in making Bricks and Tiles; and for indemnifying Justices of the Peace, and others, who have acted under the said Acts; and for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits; and for allowing further Time for paying Duties omitted to be paid upon Contracts with Clerks and Apprentices; for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, lost, burnt, or destroyed; and for repaying to Joseph Glover and John Bill the Duty by them paid on a Cargo of Wheat, and for allowing the same to be landed for Home Consumption; and for preventing Parish Poor being paid in base or counterfeit Coin.

38. An Act for further encouraging the Growth and Culture of Raw Silk in his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America.

39. An Act to permit the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America, for a limited Time; and for taking off the Duties upon Seal Skins tanned or tawed in this Kingdom, and for granting another Duty in lieu thereof; for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or executing any of his Majesty's Orders of Council prohibiting the Importation of Raw Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, of infected Cattle; and to authorize the Prohibition of the Importation of such Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, for the future.

40. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine.

41. An Act for better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain Goods removed from the Out Ports and other Places to London; for regulating the Fees of the Officers of his Majesty's Customs in the Province of Senegambia in Africa; for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland, a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences; for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets, in Forests, Chaces, and private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Forests and Chaces; and for authorising the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall in the Islands of Orkney.

42. An Act for explaining, amending, and continuing, an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in bring, relating to the Raising and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

43. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road at Golford Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Sandhurst, and from the Green near Benenden Church, to The Bull Inn at Rolvenden Cross, in the County of Kent.

44. An Act for erecting a Market House, and holding a Market in the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset; and for preventing the holding of any Market in the Streets of the said Town; and for cleansing the Streets, and preventing Nusances and Obstructions therein; and for lighting certain Streets in the said Town.

45. An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike-gate in the Township of Greenfield, to the North Limits of the Township of Mostyn, and from Mostyn to Henllan, and from Llanerch y Mor to Pen y Fordd Wain, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh.

46. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Denbigh, to the Turnpike Road between Northop and Holywell; and from Avon Wen, to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint.

47. An Act for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset; and for repealing so much of an Act passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the repairing the Road leading from Wool, to the said Borough.

48. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the sixteenth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Marlborough to Shepherd's Shord; and from Beckhampton to the Top of Cherill Hill; and from Avebury to Beckhampton, in the County of Wilts; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wroughton, and from the North Side of Swindon to the Carpenters Arms in Blunsden, in the said County.

49. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Mereworth Cross, to the Road leading from Seal to Wrotham Heath; and also the said Road from opposite the House of William Dalian Esquire, to Hadlow Street, in the County of Kent.

50. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the thirty-third Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Gloucester, towards Hereford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for amending several other Roads near or adjoining to some of the said Roads.

51. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the said County.

52. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of so much of an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the Road from the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, to the North Extent of the Parish of Hanwell, in the County of Oxford, leading towards Warmington Gate.

53. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in the eighth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal, from Birmingham to Bilstone, and from thence to Autherley, there to communicate with the Canal now making between the Rivers Severn and Trent; and for making collateral Cuts up to several Coal Mines; and to explain and amend the said Act.

54. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for the repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of York, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York; and also from Spittle House, in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid.

55. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the Turnpike Road in Shawbury, in the County of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said County; and from thence to Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford; and from Shawbury aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road in High Ercall, in the said County of Salop; and from Shawbury aforesaid to Wem, in the said County; and from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sandford, in the said County.

56. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop.

57. An Act for continuing two Acts made in the sixth Year of King George the First, and in the seventh Year of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Montrose and Privileges thereof for supplying the said Town with fresh Water, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to the tenth Mile Stone from Cirencester at or near the East End of the Town of Tetbury, and from the West End of the Churchyard in the said Town of Tetbury to a Gate in the said County near The Monument upon Lansdown.

59. An Act to impower the Right Honourable Sir Hmry Cavendish, Baronet, to shut up certain Roads and a Foot Path in the Parish of Doveridge, in the County of Derby; and to oblige him to make and keep in Repair for the future a new Road and Foot Path in lieu thereof.

60. An Act to enable Edward Byrom Esquire to complete a Building intended for a new Church in the Town of Manchester, and for making the same a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for other Purposes.

61. An Act for raising Money to discharge Debts contracted for rebuilding the Parish Church and Tower of Saint Nicholas, in the City of Bristol, and to rebuild the Spire, and compleat the said Church; and for other Purposes.

62. An Act to rebuild the Shire-Hall of the County of Nottingham; and for using the Guild-Hall of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham for the Purposes of a Shire-Hall in the mean Time.

63. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts passed in the tenth Year of King George the First, and the sixteenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Part of Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of Essex.

64. An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts passed in the sixth and twelfth Years of King George the First, and the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Road from Radwell Corner to the Turnpike Road at Arlesey, in the County of Bedford.

65. An Act to repair and widen the Road from the Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, over the Long Moss and Monks Heath, to the Turnpike Road in Nether Tabley, in the said County; and for turning and exchanging Part of the said Road.

66. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Norwich, to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk.

67. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Scole Bridge, to the Place where the East Gate lately stood in the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk.

68. An Act for amending the Road from Bishopsgate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone formerly called the Two Mile Stone, where the Norwich Road joins the Caister causeway, two Miles and a Half short of the Town of Great Yarmouth.

69. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall.

70. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford.

71. An Act for extending the Navigation of the River Calder to Salter Helble Bridge, and to Sowerby bridge, in the County of York, and for repealing an Act for that Purpose.

72. An Act for the better Establishment of the Foundation of John Michel Esquire, in the Queen's College in the University of Oxford, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

73. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for amending the Road from Pengate to Latchetts Bridge, and other Roads in the County of Wilts; and for amending several Roads near adjoining to the said Roads.

74. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Dunglas Bridge, to the Town of Haddingtoun, and from thence to Ravenshaughburn, in the County of Haddingtoun.

75. An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual an Act for repairing the Road from Bowes in the County of York, to Brough under Stainmore in the County of Westmorland; and for repairing and widening the Road from Maiden Castle to Kaber Cross, and also the Road from Maiden Castle to the Coal Works at Taylor Rig, and to Tan Hill and King's Pitts; and also the Road from Barrow's Brew to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, in the said Counties; and also from Tan Hill and King's Pitts to Beck Crooks, and Punchatt Pasture West Gate to Whaw Lane Head, and by Lilly Jocks to Recth.

76. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the second Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the White Post on Haseldin's Wood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath, and other Roads in the County of Kent, as relates to the Road from Golford Green to Tanner's Vent; for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, with respect to the other Roads therein contained; and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Tenderden, through Rolvenden, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Newenden, in the said County.

77. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Tal y Cafn Ferry in the County of Caernarvon, and through the Towns of Conway, Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the Town of Pwllhely in the same County.

78. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Maidstone through Debtling to Key Street, in the Parishes of Borden and Bobbing in the County of Kent.

79. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to the Ferry at Hessle, and from the Malton Guide Port to the Gravel Pit at Cottingham, in the County of York.

80. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Cheadle to Botham House, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the County of Stafford.

81. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Darly Moor in the County of Derby, to Ellaston in the County of Stafford; and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said Counties of Derby and Stafford

82. An Act for the more effectual Relief of the Poor in the County of Devon.

83. An Act for laying open and widening certain Ways and Passages within the Town of Birmingham; and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein.

84. An Act for building a Bridge at Worcester, over the River Severn, and opening convenient Avenues to the said Bridge.

85. An Act for building a Chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damerell in the County of Devon.

86. An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in Tring, in the County of Hertford, through Dunstable, Hitchin, Baldock, and Royston, to the Turnpike Road at or near Bourn Bridge; and from the West End of Wellbury Lane to the Turnpike Road at the South End of Barton, in the Counties of Hertford, Bucks, Bedford, and Cambridge.

87. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, through Shefford, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Road from Shefford Way Post, to the Turnpike Road at Henlow in the County of Bedford.

88. An Act for repairing the Road from Stoney Strafard in the County of Bucks, through the Towns of Buckingham and Bicester, to the Town of Woodstock in the County of Oxford.

89. An Act for making a Road from the South End of Blackfriars Bridge to the present Turnpike Road cross Saint George's Fields, and from thence to some Place at or near the House called The Dog and Duck, and to Newington Butts, in the County of Surry; and for empowering the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act passed in the twenty fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, to repair, light, and watch the said Roads, when made.

90. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts passed in the third and twenty-second Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and for amending the Roads to Lancloudy Hill and Langua Budge.

91. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and other Roads, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Narborough, and from Leicester to Hinckley in the County of Leicester.

92. An Act to amend an Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Tunbridge to Maidstone, and from Wat's Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relates to the Repair of the Road from Wat's Cross to Cowden; and for repairing the Roads leading from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurst Hatch Corner, and from Penshurst Town to Southborough in the said County.

93. An Act to continue and render more effectual two Acts for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, and for repairing and widening several other Roads therein mentioned; and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a Bridge over the River Exe, at or near Countess Weir in the County of Devon.

94. An Act for repealing so much of two several Acts of Parliament made and passed in the seventeenth and twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relate to the Road from the End of the County of Stafford in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through Woor in the County of Salop, to Nantwich in the County of Chester, and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence through Tarvin in the said County of Chester to the said City of Chester, and for more effectually repairing, widening, and supporting the same Road; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Northwich, in the said County of Chester, to the Cross in Tarvin aforesaid.

95. An Act to empower the Trustees of the Will of the late General Pulteney, and other Trustees appointed by this Act, to purchase and exchange Lands and Grounds in the Manor of Bathwick in the County of Somerset, for the Purpose of making certain Roads and Ways to and from a free Bridge by them intended to be built over the River Avon in the said County; and also to empower the Persons in Possession of the said Estate for the time being, under the said Will, to grant Leases of certain Lands and Houses in the said Manor; and likewise to enable the said Trustees to grant certain Grounds and Springs of Water within the said Manor of Bathwick, to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Bath; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, over Part of the said Manor of Bathwick; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.
