Public Acts passed in 1770, 10 George 3 c.1 - c.114.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 10.
---

1. An Act for continuing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour.

2. An Act to continue for a further Time, an Act made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An Act for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution his Majesty's Orders of Council, made for preventing the Spreading of a contagious Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle, and for rendering the same valid and effectual, and for preventing Suits in consequence thereof; and to authorise the continuing, extending, and executing the same, for a further Time.

5. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

6. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

7. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

8. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease.

9. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

10. An Act to permit the Exportation of Malt.

11. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

12. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound, with William Hill and John Dyer, a Debt due to the Crown from William Pye, for which they are Sureties.

13. An Act for enabling his Majesty to grant the Inheritance in Fee Simple of the Manor of Cosham, in the County of Wilts, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof, now held, under a Demise by Letters Patent under the Seal of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, in Trust for Paul Methuen Esquire, unto the said Paul Methuen, and his Heirs, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be paid for the same.

14. An Act for paving, lighting, and watching the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town.

15. An Act to continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amending, and further continuing, an Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

16. An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

17. An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation, from this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Draw-backs payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations, as relates to the Duties upon Glass, Red-lead, White-Lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Paste-boards, Mill boards, and Scale-boards, of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported into any of his Majesty's Colonies in America; and also to the discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen-ware, exported to America and for regulating the Exportation thereof.

18. An Act for preventing the Stealing of Dogs.

19. An Act for better Preservation of the Game, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

20. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of King's Lynn, and the Liberties thereof.

21. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parishes of Poulton, Kirkham, Lytham, and Bispham, and Townships of Preesall and Stalmine, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

22. An Act for better supplying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof, with Water; and for the better paving and lighting the said City; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

23. An Act for the more effectually paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and for regulating Weights and Measures, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for further continuing the Duties granted and continued by several Acts made in the sixth and tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the Harbour and Key of Watchett, in the County of Somerset.

25. An Act for the better paving, repairing, and cleansing, the Streets, and other publick Passages, in the several Parishes and Wards of Saint Michael, Saint John, Holy Rhood, Saint Laurence, All Saints within the Bar, All Saints without the Bar, and East Street and Bag-row, within the Town of Southampton, and Liberties thereof; and for preventing Nusances and Annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious; and for the lighting and watching the said Streets and publick Passages.

26. An Act for further continuing the Terms and Powers, granted and continued by three Acts passed in the twelfth and thirteenth Years of William the Third, the tenth of Queen Anne, and in the eleventh Year of his late Majesty George the Second, for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, in the County of Somerset; and for the more effectual carrying the said Acts into Execution; and also for the better securing the ancient Dues payable to the Lord or Lady of the Manor of Minehead for the Time being.

27. An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty, for making the River Nar navigable, from the Town and Port of King's Lynn to Westacre in the County of Norfolk, and for making the said Act more effectual.

28. An Act for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of Essex.

29. An Act to explain, amend, and make more effectual, an Act passed in the fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckingham, of Rokesley otherwise Ruxley, and Little and Lessness, in the County of Kent; and one other Act passed in the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for extending the Provisions of the said Act to the Hundred of Wallington, in the County of Surrey

30. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain Goods removed from the Out Ports and other Places to London; for regulating the Fees of the Officers of his Majesty's Customs in the Province of Senegambia in Africa; for allowing to the Receivers general of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland, a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences; for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets, in Forests, Chaces, and private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Forests and Chaces; and for authorising the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall in the islands of Orkney.

31. An Act for extending like Liberty, in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida to the Southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, as is granted, by former Acts of Parliament, to Carolina and Georgia.

32. An Act for defraying the Expence of building the New Office of Excise in London, out of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise.

33. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

34. An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts for providing a Publick Reward for discovering the Longitude at Sea; for improving the Lunar Tables constructed by the late Professor Mayer; and for encouraging Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation.

35. An Act to enable the Governor, Council, and Assembly of his Majesty's Colony of New York, to pass an Act of Assembly for creating and issuing upon Loan Paper Bills of Credit to a certain Amount; and to make the same a legal Tender in Payments into the Loan Offices and Treasury of the said Colony.

36. An Act for redeeming the Capital or Joint Stock of Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum, established by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two Millions, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for extending to Ireland the Laws made tn this Kingdom against private and unlawful Lotteries.

37. An Act for continuing so much of an Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend two Acts made in the twenty-first and twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; and for the extending the Provisions of an Act of the thirtieth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods taken since the late Declaration of War with Spain, as relates to encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; and for explaining so much of an Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in America; and for extending the same to the Naval Officers there.

38. An Act for continuing the Bounties on British and Irish Linens exported; for further discontinuing the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British checqued and striped Linens, and upon British and Irish Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen of above a certain Breadth.

39. An Act for registering the Prices at which Corn is sold in the Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported.

40. An Act for appropriating a Fund, established by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the Raising and pressing of Hemp and Flax.

41. An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Room of such Members as shall die during the Recess of Parliament.

42. An Act to indemnify such Persons in Great Britain and Ireland. as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; for allowing further Time for registering and inrolling Agreements entered into for enclosing Commons, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees for Timber or Underwood; and for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

43. An Act for repealing the Duties upon Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horsehair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the same, imported into this Kingdom; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of such Goods.

44. An Act for more effectually preventing Traders in Exciseable Commodities from using false Weights and Scales; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

45. An Act to prevent the further Spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain.

46. An Act for establishing a Lottery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

47. An Act for better regulating Persons employed in the Service of the East India Company, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

48. An Act for making the Receiving of stolen Jewels, and Gold and Silver Plate, in the Case of Burglary and Highway Robbery, more penal.

49. An Act for continuing and amending several Acts for preventing Abuses in making Bricks and Tiles.

50. An Act for the further preventing Delays of Justice by reason of Privilege of Parliament.

51. An Act to encourage the Improvement of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under Settlements of strict Entail.

52. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

53. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Coal-heavers working upon the River Thames; and for enabling them to make Provision for such of themselves as shall be sick, same, or past their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans; and to regulate the Price of their Labour; to prevent Frauds and Impositions on such Labourers; and for their further Relief.

54. An Act for amending the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the City of Norwich, to Block Hill in Trowse, at the Angle where the Road divides to Bixley and Kirby, in the County of Norfolk.

55. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Cardigan.

56. An Act for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor within the Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex.

57. An Act for the better regulating the Navigation of the River Trent, from Wilden Ferry, otherwise Cavendish Bridge, in the County of Derby, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln.

58. An Act for amending the Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Bensington and Shillingford, in the County of Oxford.

59. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act of the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis; and for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Three Ashes, in the Parish of Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned.

60. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act for for amending the Road from Christopher's Bridge, in the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the North-east End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge.

61. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York, so far as the same relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield.

62. An Act for the repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road at Cockham Hill, in the Parish of Westerham, in the County of Kent, through the Village of Limpsfield, to the Village of Titsey, over Botley Hill, Worms Heath, and Willingham Common, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surry.

63. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Upton, in the Parish of Ratley, to the North End of Bridge Street, in the Town of Great Kington; and from thence to the Guide Post at the Town of Wellesbourne Hastings, in the County of Warwick.

64. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Lewes to Brighthelmston, in the County of Sussex.

65. An Act for repairing the Road from the Bridge on the Old River at Barton, to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk.

66. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Tunstall, in the County of Stafford, to Bosley in the County of Chester; and from Great Chell, to Shelton in the said County of Stafford.

67. An Act for amending and widening the Road from Saint Benedict's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to Swaffham, in the County of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge in Honingham, to the Bounds of Yaxham; and also a Lane called Hangman's Lane, near the Gates of the said City.

68. An Act for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament made for repairing the Road from Ipswich to Clevdon, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Suffolk

69. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick (through Elmdom) to a Lane leading by the End of Stonebridge in the said County.

70. An Act to enlarge the Term contained in two several Acts of Parliament, and to grant a further Term and Powers for the more effectual repairing, widening, and amending the Road from a Place called Earl's Kill in Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate in Wigan, both in the County of Lancaster.

71. An Act to continue two Acts of the third and seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill in the County of Hertford.

72. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Bicester in the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury in the County of Bucks.

73. An Act to impower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Devon to apply a Sum of Money, out of the County Stock, for the opening, making, and maintaining a convenient and commodious Highway, from the High Street in the City of Exeter to the Castle of Exeter.

74. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twentieth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencester in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip Hill in the said County.

75. An Act for building a Workhouse in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex.

76. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from New Chappell, in the County of Surry, over Copthorn, in the County of Sussex, through Lindfield, to the Town of Ditchling, up to the Top of Ditchling Bost Hills, in the said County of Sussex.

77. An Act for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of Watton, in the County of Norfolk.

78. An Act for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Belt in Stoke Ferry in the County of Norfolk.

79. An Act to enable the Parishioners of Saint Andrew Holborn, London, to purchase a Workhouse.

80. An Act for building a Workhouse for the Liberty of Saffron-Hill, Hatton-Garden, and Ely-Rents, in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, in the County of Middlesex.

81. An Act for consolidating the Rates to be made for the Relief of the Poor of the respective Parishes of Saint Thomas, Saint Edmund, and Saint Martin, in the City of New Sarum.

82. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so for as the said Act relates to the repairing and widening the Road from Hindhead Heath, in the County of Surry, through Fernherst Lane and Midhurst, to the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Chichester aforesaid to Delkey, in the said County.

83. An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts for repairing and amending the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road at or near the Ferry-house, in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Saint Neots, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane.

84. An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, "for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and over Howell Hill, to Ewell, and also the Road from Tadworth, by the Windmill, to the Bottom of Pebble Hill, in the said County;" and for impowering the Trustees appointed by an Act of the tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, to make a yearly Allowance to the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the twenty-eighth of George the Second, and for taking certain Roads out of the Power of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the tenth of George the First, and putting them under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the twenty-eighth of George the Second; and for repairing the Road from Povey Cross, in the County of Surrey, to the Oak dividing the Counties of Surrey and Sussex; and also the Road from Woodhatch to Peteridge Lane, in the County of Surrey.

85. An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads from the South Gate, in the Borough of King's-Lynn, into the Parishes of East Walton, Narborough, Stoke-Ferry, and Downham-Market, in the County of Norfolk.

86. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the East Gate, in the Borough of King's-Lynn, into the Parishes of Geyton and Grimstone, and to the Gate next Millington, on Congham Common, and to the North End of Babingley Lane, in the County of Norfolk.

87. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, "for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of West Taphouse Lane to the Borough of Liskeard, and from thence to Coomb Row House, and also the Road from the said Borough of Liskeard to Craft Hole, and from thence to Crimble Passage and Tar Point, and from Craft Hole aforesaid to Saint German's Beacon, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon," and for amending the Roads from Barn Street to Duloe Church, and from Lux Street to Crathick Ford, and from Bull Post to Treworgey Cross, in the County of Cornwall.

88. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the County of Berks.

89. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stockport in the County of Chester, to Saxon's Lane End in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned.

90. An Act to continue, amend, and render more effectual the several Acts now subsisting for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stone Bridge, in the County of Warwick.

91. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, therein mentioned; and for amending several other Roads adjoining thereto.

92. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill to the Great Northern Road at South Muskham, in the County of Nottingham.

93. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, near the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanark, and for making and repairing certain Roads and Avenues leading to the same.

94. An Act for amending the Road from Wellsbourn Mountfort, to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick.

95. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Brighthelmston, to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the County of Sussex.

96. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Bury Saint Edmunds, to the Town of Newmarket, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge; and from the South End of the Ferry Street in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County of Suffolk.

97. An Act to extend the Provisions in two Acts passed in the third and fifth Years of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Littleport, and other Roads therein mentioned, to the Road from Willburton to Mepall; and for making other Provision for repairing the said Road from Ely to Littleport; and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from Littleport to Chequer Corner in Downham, in the Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

98. An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head in Fernilee, in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith, in the same County.

99. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Tamworth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick and Derby.

100. An Act to continue the Term, and to vary and enlarge the Powers of two Acts of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts; and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned.

101. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Burford to Banbury, in the County of Oxford; and from Burford aforesaid to the Turnpike Road leading to Stow, in the County of Gloucester, at the Bottom of Stow-hill; and from Swerford-gate, in the said County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton.

102. An Act to amend an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap; and for granting further Powers for that Purpose.

103. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Severn, between Bewdley and Titton Brook, in the County of Worcester, to cross the River Trent, at or near Heywood Mill, in the County of Stafford, and to communicate with a Canal intended to be made between the said River Trent and the River Mersey; and for granting further Powers for that Purpose.

104. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City, to the Village of Gorbells.

105. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal, and Waggon Way, from the Collieries in the Parishes of Old and New Monkland, to the City of Glasgow.

106. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act made in the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Village of Magor, to the Bridge Foot in the Town of Chepstow in the County of Monmouth, and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester; and for repairing and widening several other Roads adjoining to the said Roads.

107. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of three Acts for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex.

108. An Act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of three Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Seven-oakes, Tunbridge-Wells, and Kipping's-Cross, to Lamberhurst-Pound, and Pullin's Hill, in the County of Kent; and to Flimwell-Vent, in the County of Sussex; as relates to the Road leading from Sevenoakes Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge-Wells, and Kipping-Cross, in the said County of Kent.

109. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln.

110. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor of the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex.

111. An Act for compleating the Navigation of the River Swale, from its Junction with the River Ure to Morton Bridge, and of Bedale Brook in the County of York, and for repealing Part of an Act made in the seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign relating thereto.

112. An Act for building a new Parish Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a Chapel; for making a Cosmetery or Church-yard; and for building a House for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex.

113. An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Roads from Butterton Moor End near Oncott, in the County of Stafford, to the three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, in the County of Derby, and from Blockton Moor, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashborne near Newhaven, in the County of Derby and from Warslow to Ecton Mine, in the County of Stafford.

114. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from Leeds Bridge, in the County of York, to the North Lady's Walk in Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the River Mersey.
