Public Acts passed in 1773, 13 George 3 c.1 - c.114.
From Pickering, Statutes at Large, volume 30 part 1.
---

1. An act allowing the importation of wheat, wheat-flour, rye, rye-meal, barley, barley-meal, oats, oat-meal, pease, beans, tares, callivancies, and all other sorts of pulse, from any part of Europe or Africa, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty.

2. An act for allowing the importation of wheat, wheat-flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, biscuit, pease, beans, tares, callivancies, and all other sorts of pulse, from his Majesty's colonies in America, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty.

3. An act to prohibit the exportation of corn, grain, pease, beans, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch; and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat-flour, for a limited time.

4. An act to continue for a further time, an act, made in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to continue and amend an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time, and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time.

5. An act to continue for a further time, an act, made in the seventh year of. his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs-lard, and grease; and to permit the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, hams, and cheese into this kingdom, from any part of Europe, for a limited time, free of duty.

6. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty, certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

7. An act for allowing the free importation of rice into this kingdom, from any of his Majesty's colonies in America, for a limited time; and for encouraging the making of starch from rice.

8. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

9. An act to restrain the East India Company, for a limited time, from making any appointment of commissioners for super-intending and regulating the company's affairs, at their presidencies in the East Indies.

10. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

11. An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces, while on shore.

12. An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for that purpose; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors.

13. An act to enable certain persons therein named to continue to work a pestle mill, heretofore employed and used in making battle gunpowder, at Old Forge Farm, in the parish of Tonbridge, in the county of Kent.

14. An act to encourage the subjects of foreign states to lend money upon the security of freehold or leasehold estates, in any of his Majesty's colonies in the West Indies; and to render this securities granted to such aliens effectual for recovering payment of the money so to be lent, by sale of such freehold or leasehold estates.

15. An act for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the High Street, East Street, and West Street, in the town and parishes of Gravesend and Milton, in the county of Kent; and for lighting the other streets; and for removing all incroachments and annoyances within the said town and parishes.

16. An act for taking down the Shire hall of the county of Devon, and for building a new Shire hall in a more commodious manner.

17. An act for making the exemplification of the last will and testament of William earl of Blesinton, in the kingdom of Ireland, deceased, evidence as well in Ireland, as in Great Britain.

18. An act to repeal an act, passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the more effectual relief of the poor in the county of Devon; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

19. An act to amend and render more effectual an act, passed In the twenty-second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for draining and improving certain fen lands within the manor and parishes of Upwell and Outwell, and in the parishes of Denver and Welney, in the Isle of Ely, and counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, so far as the same relates to the lands lying on the south side of Popham's Eau.

20. An act to amend and render more effectual an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the Isle of Ely, and counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall river, south, Plant Load and Brandon river, north, bounded on the west by the river Ouse, and on the east by Winter Load, Earswell brook, and the hard lands of Mildenhall; and for empowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain fen lands lying within the limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands; so far as the same relates to the several fen lands and low grounds lying in the first district described in the said act.

21. An act to extend the provisions of an act, made In the fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act to explain a clause in an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing foreign protestants, which relates to the children of the natural-born subjects of the crown of England, or of Great Britain, to the children of such children.

22. An act to Continue an act, made in the sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to regulate the loading of ships with coals, in the ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

23. An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, say one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

24. An act for further continuing two acts, made in the sixth and ninth years of his Majesty's reign, for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, in his Majesty's dominions in America.

25. An act to explain two acts of parliament, one of the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for naturalizing such foreign protestants, and others, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's colonies in America; and the other of the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for naturalizing such foreign protestants as have served, or shall serve, as officers or soldiers in his Majesty's royal American regiment, or as engineers, in America.

26. An act for preventing abuses in the sale of shares of British-built ships to foreigners.

27. An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the city and county of the city of Exeter.

28. An act for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious the harbours of the town of Greenock; for supplying the inhabitants with fresh and wholesome water; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, and other publick places, within the said town.

29. An act for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the harbour of Aberdeen; for erecting new piers and quays therein; and for regulating ships and vessels trading into, and going out of, the said harbour.

30. An act for the better regulation and government of the pilots conducting ships and vessels to and out of the port of King's Lynn, and of the bridgemen conducting gangs of lighters or barges to and from the same; and for laying down moorings in the harbour of the said port, and for preventing mischiefs by fire therein.

31. An act for the more effectual execution of the criminal laws in the two parts of the united kingdom.

32. An act for repealing so much of an act, made in the twenty-third year of his late majesty King George the Second, as relates to the preventing the stealing or destroying of turnips; and for the more effectually preventing the stealing or destroying of turnips, potatoes, cabbages, parsnips, pease, and carrots.

33. An act to extend the provisions of an act, made in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, (intituled, An act for the better preservation of timber trees, and of woods and underwoods; and for the further preservation of roots, shrubs, and plants,) to poplar, alder, maple, larch, and hornbeam.

34. An act for paving, lighting, and cleaning the streets, lanes, and places within the town of Brighthelmstone, in the county of Sussex; for removing nuisances and annoyances, and preventing the like for the future; for holding and regulating a market within the said town; for building and repairing groyns, in order to render the coast safe and commodious for ships or vessels to unload and land sea-coal, culm, and other coal, for the use of the inhabitants of the said town; and for laying a duty thereon, and for other purposes.

35. An act for raising a further sum of money for the purpose of rebuilding the common gaol of the county of Essex.

36. An act to amend an act, passed in the ninth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for laying open and widening certain ways and passages within the town of Birmingham; and for cleansing and lighting the streets, lanes, ways, and passages there; and for removing and preventing nuisances and obstructions therein; and for widening certain other streets and places; for establishing a nightly watch; and for regulating carts and carmen employed in the said town.

37. An act for making and extending the navigation of the river Bure, (commonly called the North River), by and from Coltishall to Aylsham Bridge, in the county of Norfolk.

38. An act to incorporate certain persons therein named, and their successors, with proper powers for the purpose of establishing one or more glass manufactories within the kingdom of Great Britain; and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the same upon an improved plan, in a peculiar manner, calculated for the parting of large plate glass.

39. An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, called King's Delph and Eight Roods, and also other fen lands and low grounds in a certain place called Farcett Fen, adjoining thereto, lying near to the hamlet and village of Farcett and Standground, in the county of Huntingdon.

40. An act for amending and rendering more effectual an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for discharging the corporation of the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a debt due to the duke of Bedford and earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the proprietors of lands in the north level, part of the said great level, to raise money to discharge the proportion of the said north level in the debts of the said corporation; and for ascertaining and appropriating the taxes to be laid on the said north level; and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said north level, and divers lands adjoining thereto, in the manor of Crowland; so far as the same relates to the several fen lands lying in the second district in the said act described.

41. An act for enabling James Cox, jeweller, to dispose of his musaeum, commonly called Cox's Musaeum, by way of chance, in such manner as may be most for the benefit of himself and his creditors.

42. An act for amending, lighting, and watching, the highways or roads within the town, village, or chapelry, of Petersham, in the county of Surrey.

43. An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn.

44. An act to allow a drawback of the duties of customs on the exportation of tea to any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America; to increase the deposit on bohea tea to be sold at the India Company's sales; and to impower the commissioners of the treasury to grant licences to the East India Company to export tea duty-free.

45. An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, lying in the south level, part of the great level of the tens, commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old rivers or drains, called Stoke River and Brandon River, and a certain level or district called Feltwell New District, and the hard lands of Woodhall in Helgey, and Helgey, in the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

46. An act for the more effectual draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the parish of Yaxley, in the county of Huntingdon.

47. An act to enable the right honourable Sackville earl of Thanet, to make a navigable cut or canal from a place called The Spring, lying near Skipton Castle, in the county of York, to join to and communicate with the navigable canal from Leeds to Liverpoole, in a close called Hebble End Close, in the township of Skipton, in the said county of York.

48. An act for amending and rendering more effectual two acts, made, one in the eighth and the other in the tenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for regulating the nightly watch and beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middlesex, and for other purposes in the said acts mentioned.

49. An act for more effectually executing an act, passed in the twenty-seventh year of King George the Second, for draining and preferring the lands in the North Level, part of Bedford Level, so far as relates to the fourth district of the said North Level.

50. An act for better regulating the poor, and repairing the highways, within the town and county of the town of Southampton.

51. An act to discourage the practice of commencing frivolous and vexatious suits in his Majesty's courts at Westminster, in causes of action arising within the dominion of Wales; and for further regulating the proceedings in the courts of great sessions in Wales.

52. An act for appointing wardens and assay-masters for assaying wrought plate in the towns of Sheffield and Birmingham.

53. An act to enable the inhabitants of the parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal-Green, in the county of Middlesex, to pay debts already contracted in finishing and furnishing their workhouse, and on account of the poor of the said parish; and for their further relief.

54. An act for the more effectual preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing and amending several of the laws now in being relative thereto.

55. An act to explain and amend the several laws now in being, so far as the same relate to the preservation of the moor or hill game.

56. An act for the more effectually restraining the retailing of distilled spirituous liquors; and for preventing the forging or counterfeiting any stamp or seal used for marking silks, callicoes, linens, and stuffs, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain.

57. An act to explain and amend an act, made in the fourth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to prevent paper bills of credit hereafter to be issued in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America from being declared to be a legal tender in payments of money, and to prevent the legal tender of such bills as are now subsisting from being prolonged beyond the periods limited for calling in and sinking the same.

58. An act for providing clergymen to officiate in gaols within that part of Great Britain called England.

59. An act for repealing so much of an act of the thirty-first year of his late Majesty, as inflicts capital punishment for frauds and abuses in the marking or stamping of gold or silver plate; and for inflicting another punishment for the said offence.

60. An act for draining and preserving certain lands and grounds in the parishes of Tid Saint Giles and Newton, in the Isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge; and in Tid Saint Marys, in the county of Lincoln.

61. An act for the better lighting and watching the town of Kingston upon Thames, in the county of Surrey; and for removing and preventing all obstructions, encroachments, and nuisances therein.

62. An act for better regulating the assize and making of bread.

63. An act for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe.

64. An act for granting to his Majesty a sum of money to be raised by exchequer bills; and to be advanced and applied in the manner, and upon the terms, therein mentioned, for the relief of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

65. An act for explaining two acts, made in the eleventh year of the reign of King George the First, and the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, in relation to the stamp-duties upon newspapers.

66. An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

67. An act for laying an additional duty on paper printed, painted, or stained, in foreign parts, imported into this kingdom.

68. An act to impower the magistrates therein mentioned to settle and regulate the wages of persons employed in the silk manufacture within their respective jurisdictions.

69. An act for further continuing an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for importing salt from Europe into the province of Quebec in America, for a limited time.

70. An act to continue an act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the encouragement of the exportation of culm to Lisbon, in the kingdom of Portugal; and for charging a higher duty upon culm exported thither in foreign shipping.

71. An act for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing the gold coin of this kingdom.

72. An act to permit the free importation of cod fish, ling, and hake, caught and cured in Chaleur Bay, or any other part of the gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the coast of Labrador.

73. An act to continue and amend an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for opening and establishing certain ports in the islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free importation and exportation of attain goods and merchandises; for granting certain duties to defray the expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving, such ports; for ascertaining the duties to be paid upon the importation of goods from the said island of Dominica into this kingdom; and for securing the duties upon goods imported from the said island into any other British colony and for allowing timber and wood to be exported from the said island of Dominica into any other of the British islands, colonies, or plantations in America, for a limited time.

74. An act for the better ascertaining the tonage and burthen of ships and vessels importing and exporting goods into and from this kingdom, or hovering upon the coasts thereof; for amending so much of an act, made in the last session of parliament, for lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, as relates to the suing for the penalties and forfeitures thereby inflicted in the court of exchequer in Scotland; for appropriating the duty on oak bark, granted by the said act; and for obviating doubts which have arisen with respect to the allowing the drawback upon certain callicoes; and the bounty upon British-made cordage exported to the islands of Madeira, the Canary islands, and the Azores or western islands.

75. An act for enabling John, Robert, James, and William Adam, to dispose of several houses and buildings in the parishes of Saint Martin in the Fields, and Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middlesex, and other their effects, by way of chance, in such manner as may be most for the benefit of themselves and creditors.

76. An act to indemnify justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of the militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for those purposes.

77. An act for granting to his Majesty a Certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for paying to John Harrison a further reward for his invention of a timekeeper for ascertaining the longitude at sea, and his discovery of the principles upon which the same was constructed.

78. An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the Statutes now in being, for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways within that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes.

79. An act for the more effectual preventing the forging of the notes or bills of the governor and company of the bank of England; and for the preventing the obtaining a false credit, by the imitation of the notes or bills of the said governor and company.

80. An act to repeal an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better preservation of the game within that part of Great Britain called England; and for making other provisions in lieu thereof.

81. An act for the better cultivation, improvement, and regulation, of the common arable fields, wastes, and commons of pasture. in this kingdom.

82. An act for the better regulation of lying-in hospitals, and other places, appropriated for the charitable reception of pregnant women; and also to provide for the settlement of bastard children, born in such hospitals and places.

83. An act for building a bridge across the river of Thames, from Richmond, in the county of Surrey, to the opposite shore, in the county of Middlesex, and to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of the ferry at Richmond to certain persons therein mentioned.

84. An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act parliament, the general laws now in being, for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England; and for other purposes.

85. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, meadows, pastures, and commons, or waste grounds, in the township of Gowdall, in the parish of Snaith, in the county of York, and for draining and preserving the same.

86. An act for improving and completing the navigation of that branch of the river Trent which runs by the town of Newark upon Trent, from a place called The Upper Wear, in the parish of Averham, in the county of Nottingham, to a place called The Crankleys, in the parish of South Muskham, in the said county.

87. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the toll-gate in the parish of Kettering, in the county of Northampton, to Newport Pagnell, in the county of Bucks.

88. An act to continue the term and alter the powers of an act made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads leading from a place called Basingstone, near the town of Bagshot, in the parish of Windlesham, in the county of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham, in the same county, and from thence through Bentley, Hollyborn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bishops Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley Lane, to the city of Winchester, in the county of Southampton.

89. An act to enlarge the powers of two acts, made in the twenty-fifth year of King George the Second, and sixth year of King George the Third, for repairing the roads from the north end of Malling-street, near the town of Lewes, and other roads, in the county of Sussex; and for amending the road from the Broil-park Gate, to the west end of the turnpike road leading from the turnpike road on Hurst Green, through the parishes of Etchingham and Burwash, and from the said Broil-park Gate to the town of Battell, in the said county, so far as relates to the road from the Broil-park Gate to the west end of the turnpike road leading from the turnpike road on Hurst Green, through the parishes of Etchingham and Burwash aforesaid.

90. An act for repairing and widening the road from Newark upon Trent, in the county of Nottingham, to join the turnpike road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, near the Guidepost on the Fass road near Bingham, in the said county of Nottingham.

91. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act of parliament of the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the city of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapston, to Wellingborough, in the county of Northampton, and for repairing and widening several other roads near or adjoining thereto.

92. An act for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the twenty-second year of his late Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the road leading from The Well at the north-west end of the town or village of Farnborough, in the county of Kent, to a place called River Hill, in the parish of Seven Oakes in the said county.

93. An act for making and continuing a navigable cut or canal from Maugan Porth, through the several parishes of Maugan, Saint Colomb Major, Little Colan, and Saint Colomb Minor, to Lower Saint Colomb Porth, in the county of Cornwall.

94. An act for enlarging the terms and powers of two acts, of the tenth and twenty-first years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from Hertford Bridge Hill to the town of Basingstoke, and also the road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid to the town of Odiham, in the county of Southampton.

95. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act, passed in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from the town of Kington, in the county of Hereford, through the Welch Hall Lane, as far as the same county extends; and the several roads leading from Kington aforesaid to Brilley's Mountain, to Eardisley, to Almley, to Eckley's Green, to Eardisland, to Staple Bar, and to Milton House, in the said county; and for amending the road from the turnpike road in the parish of Eardisley to Willersley turnpike gate, in the said parish.

96. An act for enlarging the term and varying the powers granted by an act, passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the several roads leading into the town of Ross, in the county of Hereford.

97. An act for enlarging the terms and powers of three acts, passed in the third, seventeenth, and thirteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from a gate called Shipston toll gate, at Bridgetown, in the parish of Old Stratford, in the county of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Stower, to the top of Long Compton hill, in the said county of Warwick; and also for repairing the road leading from the first mile-stone standing on the said Shipston road, through a lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mickleton and Chipping Campden, to a place called Andover's Ford, in the county of Gloucester, as far as the same relate to the said first-mentioned road.

98. An act for repairing the road from the Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the town of Wrotham, in the county of Kent, and from thence to Foots Cray; and from the said Royal Oak to the town of Maidstone, in the said county.

99. An act for enlarging the terms and powers of two acts of the twentieth and twenty-sixth years of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the high road leading from the city of Durham, in the county of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the said county.

100. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Newcastle under Line to Hassop, and from Middlehills to the Macclesfield turnpike road near Buxton, and also the road branching out of the first-mentioned road at Cobridge to Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter turnpike road at Shelton, in the county of Stafford, and for amending several other roads adjoining thereto.

101. An act for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from Cherill, through Colne, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherill to the Three Mile Borough, at the top of Cherill Hill, in the county of Wilts.

102. An act for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an act, passed in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the road from the way-post, in the parish of Hardingston, in the county of Northampton, to Old Stretford, in the said county.

103. An act for continuing and enlarging the terms and powers of two acts, made in the thirty-first year of his late Majesty, and ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing several roads in the counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop; and for repairing several other roads therein mentioned.

104. An act to enlarge the powers of two acts, made in the eighth and eleventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal, from the firth or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Carron, in the county of Stirling, to the firth or river of Clyde, at or near a place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the county of Dumbarton, and also a collateral cut from the same to the city of Glasgow, and for making a navigable cut or canal of communication from the port and harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the said canal, at or near the place where it will fall into the firth of Forth.

105. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the Guide post at the west end of the town of Hampton, over Sudbury Common, to the town of Staines, in the county of Middlesex.

106. An act for enlarging and altering the terms and powers of two several acts, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the First, and in the fifteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the roads leading from the town of Bromesgrove to the town of Dudley, in the county of Worcester, and from the said town of Bromesgrove to the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, so far as the said acts relate to the repairing of the said road, leading from the town of Bromesgrove to the town of Dudley.

107. An act for enlarging and altering the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the roads leading from the market-house in Stourbridge, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively.

108. An act for repairing and widening the road from the north turnpike road near Scot Gate, otherwise Sco Gate, in the town of Stamford, in the county of Lincoln, to Oakham, in the county of Rutland, and from Oakham, through Burley, to a gate on the north side of a certain close, in the said lordship of Burley, called Booth's Close, adjoining to the open fields of Cottesmore, in the said county of Rutland.

109. An act for more effectually amending several roads leading from the city of Exeter, and for rebuilding or repairing Exe Bridge, and making the avenues leading thereto more commodious; and for building a bridge over the river Exe, at or near Countess Wear; and for amending several other roads therein mentioned.

110. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the road from the present turnpike road at Haverhill to Redcross, in the parish of Shelford, in the county of Cambridge.

111. An act for building a bridge over the river Towey, near Llandovery, in the county of Carmarthen; and for making the fords near the said town safe and commodious.

112. An act for more effectually amending several roads leading from and near the borough of Truro, in the county of Cornwall, and for building a bridge over the river, at a place called The Steppings, in or near the said borough.

113. An act for building a bridge across the river Severn, near Redstone, in the county of Worcester, and for making proper avenues and reads to and from the same; and for making satisfaction to the proprietors of a ferry across the said river, at Redstone aforesaid.

114. An act for enlarging the term and powers of three acts, passed in the first, ninth, and twenty-second years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the road leading from the house called The Sign of the Bells, in the parish of Saint Margaret, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Kent.

