Public Acts passed in 1774, 14 George 3 c.1 - c.118.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 12.
---

1. An act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

2. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

3. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

5. An act to allow the Exportation of Corn, Grain, and other Articles, to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; and to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn), allowing the Exportation of Wheat, Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, to the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, to Bread, Biscuit, and Pease; and to allow the Exportation of all the said Articles to the Island of Alderney.

6. An act for further continuing two Acts, made in the sixth and ninth Years of his Majesty’s Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in his Majesty’s Dominions in America.

7. An act for better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and Publick Passages, in the Town of Cardiff, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Glamorgan, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

8. An act to explain and amend two Acts, made in the tenth and twelfth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching, the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town.

9. An act to continue for a further Time an Act, made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time, and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

10. An act for reducing the Duty payable upon the Exportation of Gum Senega, granted by an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled An Act for laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, imported into or exported from Great Britain, and for confining the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only).

11. An act to allow the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Biscuit and Pease to the Island of Newfoundland, for the Benefit of the British Fishery there.

12. An act for vesting a Piece of Waste Ground within, and Parcel of, the Manor of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, and for enabling them to build a new Parish Church thereon.

13. An act for enabling Sir John Ramsden, Baronet, to make and maintain a navigable Canal, from the River Calder (between a Bridge called Cooper's Bridge and the Mouth of the River Colne) to The Kings Mill, near the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

14. An act to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes; which regulates the Width of the Wheels, and the Length of Carriages liable to be weighed; and for indemnifying Persons who have offended against the said Clause.

15. An act for making perpetual two Acts, passed in the tenth and Seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

16. An act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the Parish of Upwell, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge), so far as the same relates to the several Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the sixth District, in the said Act described.

17. An act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, together with those named in two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

18. An act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

19. An act to discontinue, in such Manner, and for such Time, as are therein mentioned, the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, at the Town, and within the Harbour, of Boston, in the Province of Massachuset's Bay, in North America.

20. An act for the Relief of Prisoners charged with Felony, or other Crimes, who shall be acquitted or discharged by Proclamation, respecting the Payment of Fees to Gaolers, and giving a Recompence for such Fees out of the County Rates.

21. An act for more effectually carrying into Execution certain Proposals, made by the most Noble Henry Duke of Buccleugh, the most Noble Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, and others, for redeeming the Annuities granted by the Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the Firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company.

22. An act to enable his Majesty to grant unto Major General Simon Fraser the Lands and Estate of the late Simon Lord Lovat, upon certain Terms and Conditions.

23. An act for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament of the sixteenth and seventeenth, and twenty-second Years of King Charles the Second, and of the eleventh Year of his late Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Lands called Deeping Fens, in the County of Lincoln.

24. An act for paving, repairing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, and other publick Passages and Places within that Part of the Parish of Clerkenwell called Saint James's, and removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell Green to the Parish Church; and for watching and lighting certain Highways within the said Parish.

25. An act for the more effectual preventing Frauds, and Embezzlements, by Persons employed in the Woollen Manufactory.

26. An act to allow the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Wheat-meal or Flour, Oats, Oatmeal, Grotts, Barley, Pease, Beans, Malt, and Biscuit, to Hudson's Bay, in North America, for the Benefit of the Hudson's Bay Company, and their Servants residing there.

27. An act for fixing and regulating a public Market and Shambles for the Sale of Meat within the Town and Borough of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan

28. An act to continue an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Kinghorn, and Liberties thereof.

29. An act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for building a work-house, and for purchasing a Piece of Land for a Burial Ground, for the Use of the said Parish.

30. An act for providing a Workhouse, and for better governing, regulating, and maintaining the Poor, within the Old Artillery Ground, in the Liberty of the Tower of London; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other open Passages and Places within the same; and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

31. An act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Fife.

32. An act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing the open Fields, Meadows, stinted common Pastures, and other common and waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Tetney, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving Part of the said Parish.

34. An act for granting further Time to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, to expose to Sale the Singlo and Bohea Teas remaining in their Warehouses unsold, on the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas.

35. An act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound certain Debts due to his Majesty, and affecting the Estates heretofore of Charles Mason Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Montgomery and Salop; and, upon Payment of such Composition, to discharge and exonerate the said Estates therefrom.

36. An act to explain and amend an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes; so far as the same relates to the continuing and granting an additional Term of five Years to Acts made for amending Turnpike Roads.

37. An act for allowing further Time for Inrolment or Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

38. An act for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets and Lanes in the City of Hereford, and Suburbs thereof, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for creating a Fund towards the Expences thereof, by inclosing divers waste Grounds within the Liberties of the said City, and for the better Application of Charity-money for setting the poor People of the said City to work, and to enable Bodies Corporate to alienate their Houses and Lands within the said City.

39. An act for the impartial Administration of Justice in the Cases of Persons questioned for any Acts done by them in the Execution of the Law, or for the Suppression of Riots and Tumults, in the Province of Massachuset's Bay, in New England.

40. An act for diverting out of the Crown the Plantation and Estate of Ulysses Fitzmaurice Esquire, deceased, and for vesting the same in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

41. An act for further continuing so much of two Acts, made in the sixth and thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the opening and establishing certain free Ports in the Island of Jamaica.

42. An act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm, from foreign Countries, into Great Britain or Ireland; and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum.

43. An act for rebuilding the Offices of the Six Clerks of the King’s Court of Chancery; and for erecting the Offices for the Register and Accountant General of the said Court, for the better preserving the Records, Decrees, Orders, and Books of Account, kept in such Offices.

44. An act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot Pressers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages.

45. An act for the better regulating the Government of the Province of the Massachuset's Bay, in New England.

46. An act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to pay, out of the Revenue of the Crown, certain Rewards for apprehending Highwaymen, and other Offenders in the County Palatine of Durham.

47. An act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

48. An act for regulating Insurances upon Lives, and for prohibiting all such Insurances, except in Cases where the Persons insuring shall have an Interest in the Life or Death of the Persons insured.

49. An act for regulating Madhouses.

50. An act to enable certain Persons, during the Minority of Sir John Saint Aubyn Baronet, to renew and grant Leases of Lands, and to sell other Lands, all at Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

51. An act to confirm certain Sales and Purchases of Estates, made by the Governors of the free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester; to enable them to make other Sales, Purchases, and Exchanges; and to improve and extend the Benefits of the Foundation of the said School.

52. An act to enable the Inhabitants of Grosvenor Square, in the County of Middlesex, to pave, cleanse, light, water, and embellish the said Square; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

53. An act for making a navigable Cut or Canal, from the Port or Harbour of Bude, in the Hundred of Stratton, in the County of Cornwall, to the River Tamer, in the Parish of Calstoke, in the said County.

54. An act for the better providing suitable Quarters for Officers and Soldiers in his Majesty’s Service in North America.

55. An act for making commodious Ways and Passages within the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish.

56. An act for making and establishing publick Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, for the better securing his Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of Kingston upon Hull; for making a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port; and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to his Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money out of his Majesty’s Customs at the said Port for those Purposes; and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull.

57. An act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for reducing into one Act the general Laws relating to Turnpike Roads, as exempts Persons from the Payment of Tolls at Side Gates erected at Places specified in any Act of Parliament.

58. An act for repealing an Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth; and so much of several Acts of the eighth, tenth, and twenty-third Years of King Henry the Sixth, as relates to the Residence of Persons to be elected Members to serve in Parliament, or of the Persons by whom they are to be chosen.

59. An act for preserving the Health of Prisoners in Gaol, and preventing the Gaol Distemper.

60. An act for indemnifying the Innkeepers and Victuallers within the Hundred of Godley, in the County of Surrey, against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable, for selling Ale, Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, without proper Licences, upon certain Conditions.

61. An act to explain and amend two several Acts of Parliament, for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there; and to raise further Sums of Money for the more effectually carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution.

62. An act for better governing and employing the Poor, and making and collecting the Poor’s Rates, within the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex.

63. An act for building a Bridge cross the River Air, at Carlton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

64. An act to explain so much of in Act, made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn), as relates to the Method of ascertaining the Prices of Corn and Grain exported.

65. An act to alter and amend an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably; and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the same, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future; so far as the same relates to the granting Leases of the said Estates.

66. An act for the Repeal of all former Acts concerning the Longitude at Sea, except so much thereof as relates to the Appointment and Authority of the Commissioners thereby constituted, and also such Clauses as relate to the constructing, printing, publishing, vending, and licensing, of Nautical Almanacks, and other useful Tables; and for the more effectual Encouragement and Reward of such Person and Persons as shall discover a Method for finding the same, or shall make useful Discoveries in Navigation; and for the better making Experiments relating thereto.

67. An act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’s Provinces of Carolina and Georgia, in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre; for granting the like Liberty to export Rice from South Carolina and Georgia directly, to any Part of America, to the Southward of the said Provinces; for granting the like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida, and from any Part of America, Southward of South Carolina and Georgia.

68. An act to prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of Hops.

69. An act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four.

70. An act for applying a certain Sum of Money, for calling in, and recoining, the deficient Gold Coin of this Realm; and for regulating the Manner of receiving the same at the Bank of England; and of taking, there, an Account of the Deficiency of the said Coin, and making Satisfaction for the same; and for authorising all Persons to cut and deface all Gold Coin, that shall not be allowed to be current by his Majesty’s Proclamation.

71. An act to prevent the Exportation to foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom.

72. An act for ascertaining the Duty on printed, painted, stained, or dyed Stuffs, wholly made of Cotton, and manufactured in Great Britain, and for allowing the Use and Wear thereof, under certain Regulations.

73. An act to extend so much of an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to Distillers or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits from Corn, to every Kind of Distiller; and for the more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise arising from Low Wines and Spirits; and for ascertaining the Allowance to be made to the Manufacturers of Wool and Linen, in respect of the Duties on Soap imported and used in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures.

74. An act for reducing the Rates and Duties payable upon the Importation of great Raisins.

75. An act for enlarging the present, or providing a new Workhouse, for the Use of the Parish of Saint Saviour Southwark, and for regulating the Poor in such Workhouse; for widening King Street, at the Entrance into the High Street, Southwark, for making a Carriage Way from the said High Street, through the Greyhound Inn, into Queen Street, and for improving the Passage from thence into Gravel Lane, leading towards the Black Friars Bridge Road, in the Parish of Christ Church.

76. An act for redeeming the Sum of one million of the capital Stocks of three Pounds per Centum Annuities, in the Manner, and on the Terms, therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery.

77. An act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts, in certain cases.

78. An act for the further and better Regulation of Buildings, and Party-walls; and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-Le-bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex; and for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders and other Persons against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable for erecting Buildings within the Limits aforesaid contrary to Law.

79. An act for explaining an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities.

80. An act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; and for securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty.

81. An act for altering and amending an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Election of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to restrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of returning Officers at such Elections, by altering the Time of Notice, ordered by the said Act to be given, in the Service of Complaints to the Court of Session, of Wrongs done in Elections, and by regulating the Manner, and settling the Place, of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for a District of Boroughs in Scotland, when the Election of the Magistrates and Council of a Borough, which ought in course to be the presiding Borough at an Election, happens to be reduced, and made void, by a Decree of the Court of Session, and not revived by the Crown, when such Election is made.

82. An act for explaining and altering an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled An Act to explain and amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating of Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for other Purposes; so far as the same relates to the Payment of additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and the Number of Horses to be used in Carriages drawn on Turnpike Roads; and for allowing certain Exemptions with respect to Weight and Payment of Toll in particular cases.

83. An act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America.

84. An act to prevent certain Inconveniencies that may happen by Bills of Naturalization.

85. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two Sevenths Excise; and for enabling the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland to make out a Certificate for the Payment of the Sum of five hundred Pounds to Lady Anne Mackenzie, out of the Balance remaining of the Sum of seventy-two thousand Pounds, granted for paying the Creditors of the forfeited Estates in Scotland.

86. An act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper Bars imported; to the clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandise exported, and reducing other Duties; to prevent the clandestine running of Goods, and

the Danger of Infection thereby; to the Premiums upon Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indice; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed in Great Britain; to the Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage; to the free Importation of certain raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers in America; to the preventing the spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain; and to extend the Provisions of an Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Improvement of his Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, Excise, and Inland Duties, so far as relates to the commencing Prosecutions for Penalties against the Revenue of Customs to subsequent Acts.

87. An act to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from driving Cattle within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and the Bills of Mortality.

88. An act to establish a Fund towards further defraying the Charges of the Administration of Justice, and Support of the Civil Government within the Province of Quebec, in America.

89. An act to enable his Majesty to allow the Administrator, with the Will annexed, or other the personal Representative, of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, deceased, to sell ten thousand Pounds South Sea Stock, Part of a Legacy given by him to the Use of the Sinking Fund, and to receive the Dividends due thereon, as also on ten thousand Pounds East India stock; and for applying the same as therein is mentioned.

90. An act for the better Regulation of the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

91. An act more effectually to improve and complete the Navigation of the River Thames, westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London, and to prevent any Vessel or Barge from being moored in Tatlow Mill Stream, in the County of Bucks.

92. An act for regulating and ascertaining the Weights to be made Use of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin in this Kingdom.

93. An act for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of Lewisham, in the County of Kent.

94. An act for establishing a new Church or Chapel erecting at Toxteth Park, in the Parish of Walton, near Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

95. An act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Battersea, in the County of Surrey, and for enlarging the Churchyard of the said Parish Church.

96. An act to amend an Act passed in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act for the making and keeping navigable the Rivers of Aire and Calder, in the County of York; and for improving the Navigation of the said River Aire, from Weeland to the River Ouze; and for making a navigable Canal from the said River Aire, at or near Haddlesey, to the River Ouze, at the Old Brick Garth at Ouze Gate End, within the Township of Selby, in the said County; and for other Purposes.

97. An act to continue, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike at Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Ringles Cross, near Uckfield, in the County of Sussex.

98. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Wetherby to Grassington, in the County of York.

99. An act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Manchester to the Town of Rochdale, and from a place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpsal, to the Town of Bury, and from a Place called Besses of the Barn to Ratcliffe Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for impowering the Trustees under the said Act to repair a Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the said County.

100. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, through the Town of Nether Knutsford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere, and Bucklow Hill, to the Town Of Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester; and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the County of Lancaster; and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid, to Penny's Lane, near Northwich, in the said County of Chester.

101. An act for repairing and widening several Roads near the Towns of Hockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, Normanton, and Winkbourne, in the County of Nottingham.

102. An act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of two Acts, made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the Water of Kelvine, called the Milnford of Garscube.

103. An act for explaining and amending an Act made in the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde, to the City of Glasgow; and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City to the Village of Gorbells; and Part of another Act, made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty, for explaining and amending the said Act; and for repairing, widening, and enlarging, the old Bridge across the River of Clyde, from the City of Glasgow to the Village of Gorbells.

104. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Basingstoke, through Wortin, Overton, Whitchurch, Husband Priors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winterslow, in the County of Wilts, for including the Road from Spittle House, over Weyhill, to Mullens Pond, as directed by an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty; and for amending the Roads from Andover, through Charlton, towards Tangley, and from Charlton to Clanfield Bottom, and from Weyhill to Sarson Street, and also the Road through the said Town of Basingstoke.

105. An act to continue the Terms of two Acts, made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the City of Glasgow, to Yocker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbells to The Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of Lanark and Renfrew.

106. An act for recovering, improving, and maintaining, the Navigation of the Haven of Hedon, in Holdernesse, in the East Riding of the County of York.

107. An act for draining and preserving the Low Grounds and Carrs, within the Parishes, Townships, and Places of Winestead, Pattrington, South Frodingham, Hollym, Rimswell, Owthorne otherwise Seathorne, Withernsea, Ingland Hill, and Walker Fields, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

108. An act for better governing and employing the Poor, and making and collecting the Poor’s Rates, within the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint George Bloomsbury in the County of Middlesex.

109. An act to enlarge the Term of an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads, leading from the Town of Ayr, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Ayr; and for repairing and widening certain other Roads within the said County of Ayr.

110. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the High Roads from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge; and also from Hoo-ash Lane, through Old Lane, and from Swannington to, Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbourne Common; and from Ibstock to Measham, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby; and for repairing and widening the Road from Phiney's House, in the Liberty of Osbaston, to Chesire’s House, in the Liberty of Carlton, and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at Swannington, along Burton’s Lane, to the Coal Fields; and also the Road from the Toil-gate in Old Lane to the Leicester and Ashby~de-la~zouch Turnpike Roads.

111. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, from the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, as relates to the Second District of Roads therein mentioned; and to amend the Road from Elstone Church to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Gloucester, near a Place called Comb End Beeches, in the said County of Gloucester.

112. An act for continuing, altering, and amending an Act, made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bewdly, in the County of Worcester, to the several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively.

113. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Leicester to and by the North Side of the Town of Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and to Wansford, in the County of Northampton; and from thence to Peterborough, in the said County of Northampton; and for repairing the Road from the Termination of the said Road at Peterborough to the Market Place there.

114. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the Turnpike Road at the East End of Tankersley Park, in the said County.

115. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Norths Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

116. An act for impowering the Trustees for repairing the Road from the Stone’s End in Saint Leonard Shoreditch, to the futhermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to cause Part of the said Road to be lighted, watched, and watered; and for lighting, watching, and watering the Parish of Saint Mary Stoke Newington, in the said County.

117. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the ninth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to the Ferry at Hessle, and from the Malton Guide-post to the Gravel Pit at Nottingham, in the County of York; and for repairing and widening other Roads therein mentioned.

118. An act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from the North End of Brown’s Lane, in Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, through Kimbolton and Higham Ferrers, to the Way-post near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in Kimbolton to the Way-post in Great Catworth Field, near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon; and for repealing so much of an Act of the tenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the Road between the North End of Brown’s Lane, and the South End thereof.

