Public Acts passed in 1777, 17 George 3 c.1 - c.111.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 13.
---

1. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore

5. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a Workhouse for the said Parish.

6. An Act for vesting in David Hartley Esquire, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Method by him invented of securing Buildings against the Calamities of Fire, throughout his Majesty's Dominions, for a limited Time.

7. An Act for enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to grant Commissions to the Commanders of private Ships and Vessels, employed in Trade, or retained in his Majesty's Service, to take and make Prize of all such Ships and Vessels, and their Cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a limited Time.

8. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe), as relates to the Day on which the annual Election of Directors of the said Company is to be made.

9. An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

10. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

11. An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yam and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester.

12. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Severn, from or near a Place called Preen's Eddy, in the Parish of Broseley, to or near a Place called The Sheep-wash, in the Parish of Sutton Maddock, in the County of Salop; and for making proper Roads and Avenues to and from the same.

13. An Act for continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf-measure, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower-dock and Limehouse-hole, in the County of Middlesex.

14. An Act to enable his Majesty to licence a Theatre in the City of Chester.

15. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Batley, Birstal, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts Baron of the Honour of Pontefract, Manor of Wakefield, and Manor of Bingley, in the said County.

16. An Act for limiting the Exemptions from Toll (granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament for repairing Turnpike Roads) on account of Cattle going to and from Water or Pasture.

17. An Act for dividing the Chase of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

18. An Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, to purchase the present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames, Westward of London bridge, within the Liberties of the City of London, and for laying a small Toll in lieu thereof, for the Purpose of more effectually completing the said Navigation; and for other Purposes.

19. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Parish of Old Swinford in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford.

20. An Act for continuing two Acts made in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town of Burntisland, and Liberties thereof, for encreasing the public Revenue of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act for the better support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and dignity of the Crown of Great Britain.

22. An Act for opening Communications between Wapping-street and Ratcliff highway, and between Old Gravel-lane and Virginia street; and for paving certain Streets intended to be built, and also certain other Streets and public Passages and Places within the Parishes of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex.

23. An Act for lighting and matching the Turnpike Road leading from the Stones End next Blackman street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey, to the Bridge at Walworth, in the same Parish, and the several Roads, Ways, and Places, therein described, communicating therewith.

24. An Act for expediting the Sale of Estates in Scotland belonging to the York-buildings Company, for the Relief of their Creditors.

25. An Act for widening, cleansing, and lighting, the several Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, within the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford; and for taking down, altering, or rebuilding certain Buildings therein mentioned; and for removing all other Nuisances and Incroachments, and for regulating Carts and other Carriages within the said Town.

26. An Act for registering the Grants of Life Annuities; and for the better Protection of Infants against such Grants.

27. An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs on the Exportation of Tea to Ireland.

28. An Act to revive and continue such Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution his Majesty's Orders of Council already made for allowing the Exportation of Wheat, and other Articles; as expired on the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

29. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the manufacturing of Ash, Elder, Sloe, and other Leaves, in Imitation of Tea, and to prevent Frauds in the Revenue of Excise in respect to Tea.

30. An Act for further restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes, and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

31. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to make an Agreement or Composition with the several Sureties of William Brown, and the Representatives of such of the said Sureties as are dead, for a Debt remaining due from them to the Crown, on several Tobacco Bonds, entered into and executed by such Sureties respectively; and that they and their Estates and Effects may be acquitted and discharged therefrom.

32. An Act for building a new Church within the Town and Parish of Buckingham.

33. An Act to allow the Master Dyers, within the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, and Kent, to employ Journeymen in their Trade who have not served Apprenticeships thereto.

34. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels

35. An Act for further continuing an Act passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets for a limited Time, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture.

36. An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the first Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

37. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide, Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

38. An Act for raising a certain by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

39. An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing several Rates and Duties upon Glass, imposed determined by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign or his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Glass in lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass; and for repealing the several Rates and Duties charged, by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, upon all Persons and Bodies Politick and Corporate having certain Quantities of Silver Plate.

40. An Act to authorize the carrying of the Captures therein mentioned into any Part of his Majesty's Dominions in North America; and for ascertaining the Value of such Part of Ships and Goods as belong to the Recaptors.

41. An Act to prevent the clandestine unshipping from and receiving Goods at Sea on Board Vessels employed in the East India Company’s Service; for ascertaining the Manner of discharging Bonds given for the due Exportation of certain Goods from Great Britain to Foreign Parts; and to oblige the Masters of British or Irish Ships, failing from any of his Majesty's Dominions into the Baltick, to deliver a Manifesto of their Cargoes to the British Consul residing there.

42. An Act for preventing Abuses in the making and vending Bricks and Tiles.

43. An Act for repealing the eleventh Rule in the Book of Rates, so far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and Raisins, and for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof; and for explaining the said Rule with respect to such Allowance for Damage on other Goods, and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies for a limited Time.

44. An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America; to the registering the Prices at which Corn is sold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported; to encouraging the manufacturing of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the allowing Timber and Wood to be exported from the Island of Dominica into any other of the British Islands, Colonies, or Plantations in America; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage.

45. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

46. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

47. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

48. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for promoting the Discovery of a Method for finding the Longitude at Sea, so far as relates to the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making lesser Discoveries for finding the same, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation; and to the making of Experiments relating thereto.

49. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from the Estate of William Harry deceased, and his Sureties.

50. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers; and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction; and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other instruments.

51. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

52. An Act for better securing the Duties on Sope, and the Duties on Rum of the Sugar Plantations put into Warehouses; and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, for a limited Time.

53. An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements, for the Use of their Benefices.

54. An Act for defraying the Expence of building a new Gaol and Shire-hall for the County of Westmoreland.

55. An Act for the better regulating the Hat Manufactory.

56. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and also for making Provisions to prevent Frauds by Journeymen Dyers.

57. An Act for more effectually securing the Property of Prints to Inventors and Engravers, by enabling them to sue for and recover Penalties in certain cases.

58. An Act for enlarging the public Gaol of the County of Warwick, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

59. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, The Master of the Rolls impowered to make Leases for Years, in order to new-build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls; and for the better regulating the Method of granting Leases of the said Rolls Estate for the future; and for making Compensation to the Earl of Macclesfield, and Sir Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial Rights and Interests in certain Leases made of the Rolls Estate; and for regulating the Method of making Leases of the said Estate for the future.

60. An Act for inclosing and embellishing the middle Part of Hoxton Square, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in and upon the said Square.

61. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter in Westminster, to open a Street from the South End of Long-ditch to the North End of Smith-street, and to widen Part of Tothill-street, and of Long-ditch aforesaid; and to widen the Passage between Orchard-Sheet, and the new-intended Street, and also to widen Wood-street, and to make a more commodious Entrance from the Broad Sanctuary into Deans-yard, within the City and Liberty of Westminster.

62. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the several Parishes of Surfleet, Gosberton, Quadring, Donington, Bicker, Swineshead, Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkirk, Fosdike, Kirton, Frampton, Wiberton, and Brothertoft, within the Hundred of Kirton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

63. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Clerkenwell called Saint James’s, and removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell-green to the

Parish Church, and for watching and lighting certain Highways within the said Parish; for repairing the Highways in the said Parish, and cleansing the said Part of the said Parish; for widening the Passage from Clerkenwell-close to Rosomon's Street, and from Rosomen's Street to Saint John Street; and for building a Chapel in the said Parish.

64. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Mary Abbots, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

65. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, Doddington, and a Place called Byal-fen, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and also in the Parishes of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon; so far as the same relates to the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, and a Place called Byal-fen, in the Isle of Ely.

66. An Act for establishing a Nightly Watch within the Hamlet of Mile end Old Town, in the Parish of Saint Dunstan Stepney, otherwise Stebonheath, in the County of Middlesex.

67. An Act for varying and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near Middlewich and Nantwich, in the County of Chester.

68. An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Severn, at Maisemore, hear the City of Gloucester; for raising, widening, and securing Over's causeway, leading from the said City towards Maisemore aforesaid; and for enforcing the proper paving and cleansing of the several Streets within the said City, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

69. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, in the Lordships of Sawley and Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, to or near Langley-bridge, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Dales, and Common Fen, within the Parish of Billinghay, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and preserving the said Dales and Common Fen, and also_ certain inclosed Low Lands thereto adjoining in the said Parish.

71. An Act to enable the Feoffees and Trustees of an Estate in the County of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sheriff, for the founding and maintaining a School and Alms-houses at Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to sell Part of the said Estate, or to grant Leases thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to effectuate the other Purposes therein mentioned.

72. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing, widening, turning, and shortening, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Farrard's Common, in the Parish of Bradford, through Holt and Melksham, to Homan's Stile, in the Parish of Laycock, in the County of Wilts; and for completing a Communication between the said Road, and the Bath Turnpike Road, upon Kingsdown-hill in the same County.

73. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Roads from Kighley to Wakefield, and from Kighley to Halifax, and from Dudley-hill through Beckwith-shaw to Killinghall, and from Beckwith-shaw to the South-west Corner of Harrogate Inclosures, in the West Riding of the County of York

74. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Crouch-hill, in the Parish of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brighthelmstone to Cuckfield, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Town of Ditchling, in the County of Sussex.

75. An Act to repeal an Act of the thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Market house in the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester; and also to repeal so much of two Acts of the tenth of his late Majesty, and the seventh of his present Majesty, as relate to the Road from the Mitre-oak to a Farm-house called Goodness; and from Titton-brook to the Hamlet of Wribbenhall, in the said County; and to discontinue the Powers of an Act of the eighth of his present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road from the Cross of the Hands near Goodness Farm, to a Place called The Spout; and for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads described in the first-mentioned Act; and also several other Roads therein mentioned.

76. An Act for continuing the Term of two Acts passed in the fourth and twenty-fourth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt-lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Henshall’s Smithy, upon Cranage-green, in the said County.

77. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South-west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two Branches (one through Ripley, over Burage-green, and the other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton-moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor; so far as the same relates to the Road leading from the South-west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate (through Knaresborough) to Boroughbridge.

78. An Act for enlarging the Term and continuing the Powers of two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South-west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two Branches (one through Ripley, over Burage-green, and the other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton-moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor; and the other passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, to explain and amend the said first-mentioned Act; with respect to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South-west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate.

79. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall.

80. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South-west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two Branches (one through Ripley, over Burage-green, and the other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water or Water-course on Hutton-moor, in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor; and the other passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, to explain and amend the said first-mentioned Act; with respect to those Parts of the said Roads from Harrogate, through Ripley and Ripon, to the North-east Corner of Hutton-moor, and from the East End of Kirby-hill-moor to the Town of Ripon aforesaid.

81. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty for repairing the High Road leading from Brent Bridge, in the County of Devon, to Gasking-gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County.

82. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of three several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned in the County of Bucks, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from the West End of the Town of Wendover to the End of a Lane called Oak-lanes next the Great Road, called The Oxford Road; and also Half a Mile of Road next from the River Colne towards Beconsfield, in the said County.

83. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Rood from the Top of Harnham-hill, near the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Blandford Forum and Dorchester, to a certain Intrenchment on Askerwell-hill, in the County of Dorset, and from the Index-post on the Side of Harnham-hill aforesaid to a House called Master Baker’s Farm-house, in the said County of Wilts.

84. An Act for enlarging the Term and continuing the Powers granted by an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from a Place called The Golden Farmer, near Bagshott, in the County of Surrey, to Hertford-bridge-hill, in the County of Southampton.

85. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the second and twenty-second Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford.

86. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging several of the Powers contained in an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road from the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole and Winborn-minster, in the County of Dorset, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Brianston, in the said County of Dorset, which leads from Blandford-forum to Dorchester.

87. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of two Acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road leading from Ealand in the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

88. An Act for enlarging the Term and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick and Oxford, so far as relates to the Road from the Guide-post in the Village of Adderbury, through Kidlington, to the Mileway leading towards the City of Oxford.

89. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from The Halfway-house, in the Parish of Lower Crompton, in the County of Dorset, through the Towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the East End of the Town, of Axminster, in the County of Devon, and several other Roads round the Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset; and for amending two Roads leading from Vagg Hollow, in the Parish of Yeovil; and the Road from Chard to Cheeseway-ash; and from White Down to Perry-street, in Chard, and from thence to the Turnpike Road near Tytherleigh Inn, in the said County of Dorset.

90. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending the Roads from the Town of Halifax, and from Sowerby-bridge, in the County of York, by Todmorden to Burnley and Littleborough, in the County of Lancaster.

91. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Maypole, in the Town of Henfield, over Poynings Common, to the Town of Brighthelmstone; and from Poynings Common aforesaid, to High cross, in the Parish of Albourne; and from thence, for the Distance of two Furlongs of the Road or Lane leading towards Twineham; and from the Marle-pit near the Bottom of Saddlescombe-hill, in the Parish of Newtimber to the Marle-pit fronting Newtimber Broad Lane, in the same Parish, in the County of Sussex.

92. An Act for repealing so much of two Acts made in the eleventh and seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, as relates to the Road leading from the Gaol-bridge in the said Town of Derby, through the Town of Ashborne, to Hurdloe-house in the said County, for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road; and for enabling the Trustees to alter Part of the Course of the present Road between Ashborne and the New inn Turnpike.

93. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen Mile-stone beyond Willoughby hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and through Wincanton, to Charlton-houthorn, and from thence to Milborne-port; and from Willoughby-hedge aforesaid to the West End of Long-lane, in Kilmington; and from Wincanton aforesaid to the Sherborn Turnpike Cross gate on Cattle-hill, and from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset.

94. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Stall-gate Close, at the South-west End of the Town of Bedford, to the Town of Ampthill; and from the said Town of Ampthill to Woburn Park, in the County of Bedford; and also the Road branching out of the same in Kempston-field to the Turnpike Road leading from Hitchin to the said Town of Bedford.

95. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Reads leading from and near the Town of Brewton, in the County of Somerset, and for repairing and widening the Street from the North or North-east End of Coombe-street, along Patwell-street, in the said Town of Brewton, to the South or South-east Side of Dymond’s River.

96. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from the Town of Monmouth.

97. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Union-point near the Town of Uckfield, in the County of Sussex, to Langney-bridge in the Parish of Westham, in the said County, and for more effectually repairing the said Road; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from the Side-gate on the Horse-bridge Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hellingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cross-in-hand to Burwash, in the said County.

98. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Combe-bridge, through Winsley and Bradford, to Staverton-bridge, and to the Trowbridge Road on Ashton-common, and also the Road from Bradford-bridge to Cockhill-gate, all in the County of Wilts; and for making effectual Provision for maintaining a Bridge over the River Avon at Stokeford, in the same County.

99. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, to a Place where the Roads to Bath and Bristol divide; and from the Town of Frome to the Town of Beckington, in the County of Somerset; and for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads; and for repairing the Road from or near the Red-lion in the Parish of Woolverton, in the said County of Somerset, to Rode-bridge, and from the said Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Trowbridge by White-trough to Beckington aforesaid.

100. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and from the Towns of Bala and Dolgelly, in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop.

101. An Act for repealing so much of three Acts made in the eleventh, seventeenth, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, as relates to the Road leading from the North Side of Cavendish-bridge, in the said County of Derby, through the said Town of Derby to Brassington, in the said County; and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road.

102. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Skipton to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the Township of Bilton, with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from Knaresborough to Wetherby, in the West Riding of the County of York.

103. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Crookhill, in the Parish of Chickrell, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bridport to Bridport Harbour, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Dorset.

104. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads therein mentioned, leading from a Gate in the Town and County of Poole called Poole-gate, and for repealing two Acts of Parliament of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth Years of his late Majesty relating to the said Roads; and also for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, towards paving and repairing a certain Street or Way within the said Town and County.

105. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Asthall, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road at or near Buckland, in the County of Berks.

106. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding.

107. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Dumfries; and for converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money; and for applying the same towards repairing the Highways within the same County.

108. An Act for amending the Road from the South East End of the Town of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester to Derby-bridge, near The Rushes, and from the said Bridge, to the South End of Cavendish-bridge, in the same County.

109. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the City of Lincoln; and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road, at the Foot of Brace-bridge Bridge, over the said Bridge, Westward, to the Extremity of the County of Lincoln, near a Place called Potter-hill; and from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at the Foot of Canwick-hill, Southward, to a Windmill at the Top of the said Hill.

110. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Gateshead in the County of Durham, to the Church-lane near Ryton Lane-head; and from the Bar-moor to the Hexham Turnpike Road near Dilston-bar, in the County of Northumberland; and also the Road from Mickley-bank to Lead-hill or Silver-hill, and also for making a Road cross certain Grounds belonging to Crozier Surtees Esquire, in the Parish of Ryton in the County of Durham.

111. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Tal y Cafn Ferry, in the County of Caernarvon, and through the Towns of Conway, Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the Town of Pwllhely in the same County; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from Tal y Cafn Ferry aforesaid, on the Denbighshire Side of the River Conway, to join the Turnpike Road between Conway and Saint Asaph, at a Place called Sarn y Mynech; and from the Turnpike Road between Bangor and Conway, at the Village of Aber, over Bwlch y Ddwyfaen Mountain to Tal y Cafn Ferry aforesaid, and from thence to the Town of Llanrwst in the County of Denbigh.

