Public Acts passed in 1778, 18 George 3 c.1 - c.116.
From Pickering, Statutes at Large, volume 32.
---

1. An act for continuing an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or on the high seas, or the crime of piracy.

2. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight.

3. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight.

4. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

5. An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

6. An act for the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships and other trading ships and vessels.

7. An act for repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Wigton.

8. An act to enable his Majesty to licence a theatre in the city of Bristol.

9. An act for taking down the parish church of Lilford, being a vicarage united to the rectory of Achurch, in the county of Northampton; and for repairing the parish church of Achurch aforesaid; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

10. An act to continue and enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King George the Second, for building a bridge over the river Lea, at or near a place called Jeremy's Ferry; and for making, repairing, widening roads from thence into the great roads at Snaresbrook, in the county of Essex, and at Clapton, in the county of Middlesex.

11. An act for repealing an act passed in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better regulating the government of the province of the Massachuset's Bay in New England.

12. An act for removing all doubts and apprehensions concerning taxation by the parliament of Great Britain in any of the coionies, provinces, and plantations in North Americas and the West Indies; and for repealing so much of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a duty on tea imported from Great Britain into any colony or plantation in Americas or relates thereto.

13. An act to enable his Majesty to appoint of with sufficient powers to treat, consult, and agree upon the means of quieting the disorders now subsisting in certain of the colonies, plantations, and provinces of North America.

14. An act for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight; and for filling up vacancies in the militia, in the cases therein mentioned.

15. An act for the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom.

16. An act for allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat flour, biscuit, and peas, to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador.

17. An act for building an additional gaol, and also a prison and house of correction, within the county of Cornwall; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

18. An act to explain an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the more effectual preventing the forging the acceptance of bills of exchange, or the numbers or principal sums of accountable receipts for notes, bills, or other securities for payment of money; or warrants or orders for payment of money or delivery of goods.

19. An act for the payment of costs to parties, on complaints determined before justices of the peace out of sessions; for the payment of the charges of constables in certain cases; and for the more effectual payment of charges to witnesses and prosecutors of any larceny, or other felony.

20. An act for further continuing the duties granted by three acts, made in the fifth and twenty-fifth years of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the third year of his present majesty's reign, for enlarging the pier and harbour of Scarborough, in the county of York.

21. An act for the more effectually carrying into execution the powers contained in two several acts of parliament, the one made in the twelfth year of his present majesty's reign, for making a navigable cut or canal from the river Dee, within the liberties of the city of Chester, to or near Middlewich and Nantwich, in the county of Chester; and the other made in the seventeenth year of his said majesty's reign, for varying and enlarging the powers of the said former act.

22. An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

23. An act for appointing of to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eighty together with those named in two former acts for appointing of of the land tax.

24. An act for allowing the re-importation of unmanufactured tobacco from foreign parts, although the same may have been sold abroad; and the importation of tobacco the growth and product of the island of Dominica, under certain regulations and restrictions.

25. An act for allowing corn, grain, and flour, Imported into the ports of Portsmouth, Sandwich, Chichester, and Chester, to be landed without payment of the duties, under the like restrictions as corn, grain, and flour, is allowed to be landed at the several ports mentioned in an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn.

26. An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon all inhabited houses within the kingdom of Great Britain.

27. An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines and vinegar imported into this kingdom.

28. An act for repealing so much of an act, made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes; as is to subject carriages, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gauge than six inches, to the payment of double tolls; and for vacating contracts for leasing tolls.

29. An act for impowering the of and governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, in the county of Kent, to exchange certain messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, belonging to them in the parishes of Alnwick, Embleton, and Warkworth, in the county of Northumberland, for other lands belonging to the most noble Hugh duke of Northumberland, in some one or more of the open common fields at Corbridge, in the said county; and to empower the said of and governors to grant leases, in manner therein mentioned.

30. An act for the more effectually levying of the duty upon servants in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

31. An act for enabling his Majesty to settle on their royal highnesses the princes Frederick bishop of Osnaburgh, William Henry, Edward, Ernest Augustus, Augustus Frederick, and Adolphus Frederick, an annuity of sixty thousand pounds per annum; and also to settle on their royal highnesses the princesses Charlotte Augusta Matilda, Augusta Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary and Sophia, one other annuity of thirty thousand pounds per annum and also to settle on his highness prince William Frederick one other annuity of eight thousand pounds per annum, and on her highness the princess Sophia Matilda one other annuity of four thousand pounds per annum.

32. An act for further continuing so much of certain duties as have by several acts of parliament been granted and continued for repairing and maintaining the harbours of Dover and Rye, as are applicable to completing and keeping in repair the said harbour of Rye, in the county of Sussex.

33. An act for the better preservation of fish, and regulating the fisheries, in the rivers Severn and Verniew.

24. An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the soake of Bolingbroke and wapentake of Candleshoe, in the parts of Lindsey, in the county of Lincoln.

35. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred of Stow, in the county of Suffolk.

36. An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

37. An act for paving parts of the footpaths on the sides of the great road, called Whitechapel Road, in the county of Middlesex; also the several streets, lanes, roads, and passages, opening into the same; and for preventing obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein, and near thereto.

38. An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight.

39. An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly damped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors.

40. An act to repeal such part of an act, made in the last session of parliament, as relates to the manner of discharging bonds given for the due exportation of certain goods from Great Britain to foreign parts; and to extend such part of the same act, as obliges the master of British or Irish ships, sailing from any of his Majesty's dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a manifest of their cargoes to the British consul residing the re, to the like vessels sailing into Denmark, Norway, and Archangel.

41. An act for uniting the free grammar school of James King of England, within the town of Henley upon Thames, in the county of Oxford, with the charity school founded in the same town by dame Elizabeth Periam widow; and for the better regulation nd management of the said endowments.

42. An act to enable the corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond to establish and maintain a light house on the rocks called The Smalls, in Saint George's Channel.

43. An act to repeal an act passed in the last session of parliament, for the recovery of small debts, within the several parishes of Surfleet, Gosberton, Quadring, Donnington, Bicker, Swineshead, Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkirke, Foldyke, Kirton, Frampton, Wiberton, and Brothertoft, within the hundred of Kirton, and county of Lincoln.

44. An act for building a stone bridge across the river Tyne, opposite the town of Hexham, in the county of Northumberland, and for making proper roads and avenues to and from the same.

45. An act to continue the several laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpowder; to the further encouraging the manufacture of British sail cloth, and to the duties payable on foreign sail cloth; to the granting a liberty to carry sugars of the growth, produce or manufacture, of any of his majesty's sugar colonies, directly to foreign parts, in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; to the further punishment of persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs or excise; to the prohibiting the importation of light silver coin of this realm, from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the tender thereof beyond a certain sum; to the granting a bounty upon flax seed imported into Ireland to the better regulating of pilots for the conducting of ships and vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanet; and to revive and continue so much of an act, made in the sixteenth year of his present majesty's reign, as relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his majesty's sugar colonies in America.

46. An act for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers.

47. An act to amend such part of an act, made in the forty third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act for the relief of the poor, as relates to the binding of parish apprentices.

48. An act for impowering the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common council assembled, to raise, upon the credit of the surpluses to arise out of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, the sum of forty thousand pounds, towards discharging the debt incurred in rebuilding the gaol of Newgate, and a sessions house adjoining, and for completing the said gaol, and building an infirmary thereto; and other the purposes therein mentioned.

49. An act for applying the sum of one thousand pounds, to arise out of the surplusses of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for the purpose of opening communications between Wapping street and Ratcliff highway, and between Old gravel lane and Virginia street, within the parishes of Saint George and Saint John of Wapping, in the county of Middlesex.

50. An act for applying the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds, to arise out of the surplusses of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for the purpose of widening certain avenues leading into Goodman's Fields, in the county of Middlesex.

51. An act for applying the sum of four thousand pounds, to arise out of the surplusses of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, towards completing the paving of the town and borough of Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the county of Surrey.

52. An act for the relief of insolvent debtors; and for the relief of bankrupts, in certain cases.

53. An act for the more easy and better recruiting of his Majesty's land forces and marines.

54. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for carrying to the aggregate fund a sum of money which hath arisen by the two sevenths excise.

55. An act to permit the exportation of certain goods, directly from Ireland, into any British plantation in America, or any British settlement on the coast of Africa; and for further encouraging the fisheries and navigation of Ireland.

56. An act to permit the importation of cotton yarn, the manufacture of Ireland, into this kingdom duty free.

57. An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight.

58. An act to explain and amend so much of an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine conveyance of sugar and paneles from the British colonies and plantations in America into Great Britain.

59. An act to amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; and to establish certain regulations with respect to officers serving in the corps of fencible men directed to be raised in that part of Great Britain called Scotland and certain other corps therein mentioned.

60. An act for relieving his majesty's subjects professing the popish religion from certain penalties and disabilities imposed on them by an act, made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act for the further preventing the growth of popery.

61. An act for repealing certain provisions in two acts, made in the first year of the reign of Queen Anne; one intituled An act for the relief of the protestant purchasers of the forfeited estates in Ireland; and the other intituled An act for advancing the sale of the forfeited estates in Ireland, and for vesting such as remain unsold by the present trustees in her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for such uses as the same were before vested in the said trustees; and for the more effectual selling and setting the said estates to protestants; and for explaining several acts relative to the lord Bophin and sir Redmond Everard.

62. An act to continue an act, made in the sixteenth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act to authorise, for a limited time, the punishment, by hard labour, of offenders who, for certain crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's colonies and plantations.

63. An act for enabling trustees under particular turnpike acts, to meet and carry such acts into execution, notwithstanding the y may not have met or adjourned agreeable to the directions of such acts; and for preventing disputes touching the payment of tolls for horses or carriages belonging to or employed by officers or soldiers on duty.

64. An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

65. An act for settling and securing a certain annuity on the earl of Chatham, and the heirs of the body of the late William Pitt earl of Chatham, to whom the earldom of Chatham shall descend, in consideration of the eminent services performed by the said late earl to his Majesty and the public.

66. An act for making proper drains and sewers, for the purpose of carrying off the water from the prebendal estate of halliwell and Finsbury, in the suburbs of the city of London, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

67. An act for authorising the justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex, to sell the present session house for the said county, and for enabling them to build another session house in a more convenient situation, and to keep the same in repair; and for applying the sum of eleven thousand pounds (to be borrowed upon the credit of the surplusses of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund) towards defraying the expense of building the said session house.

68. An act for building a bridge across the river Tawey, at a place called The Wich Tree, in the parish of Llansamlett, to the opposite shore in the parish of Llangevelach, in the county of Glamorgan for making proper avenues or roads to and from the said bridge; and also for repairing and widening the road from Pentre-brook, near a place called Aberdwyberthy, in the parish of Saint John's, near Swansea, to the said intended bridge.

69. An act for repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Stirling.

70. An act to enable Hector Munro Esquire, to build and maintain a harbour and pier at the town of Findhorn, in the county of Elgin and Forres.

71. An act for impowering the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common council assembled, to make a street or opening from Moorfields, opposite Chiswell street, towards the east into Bishopsgate street; and also from the east end of Chiswell street westward into Barbican; and to raise, upon the credit of the surplusses to arise out of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, the sum of sixteen thousand five hundred pounds for such purpose.

72. An act for erecting a building for holding the courts and exercising the jurisdiction of the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter in Westminster, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and for holding the quarter sessions of the peace, and transacting the other public business of the said city and liberty; and for appropriating part of the surplusses of the Orphans Fundy towards defraying the expense thereof.

73. An act for paving the high street or road leading from Aldersgate bars, in the parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, London, to the turnpike near the end of Greswell street, in the county of Middlesex; and for applying the sum of five thousand pounds, to be raised upon the credit of the surplusses to arise put of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for such purpose.

74. An act to amend an act passed in the twenty sixth year of King George the Second, more effectually to enable the parishioner of the parish of Christchurch, in the county of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect a workhouse, for the employing and maintaining the poor of the said parish, and for the more effectual support and employment of the poor therein.

75. An act for making a navigable canal from the town of Basingstoke, in the county of Southampton, to communicate with the river Wey, in the parish of Chertsey, in the county of Surrey; and to the south-east side of the turnpike road in the parish of Turgiss, in the said county of Southampton.

76. An act for better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the streets and lanes in the town of Dover, in the county of Kent, and in the several parishes of Saint Mary the Virgin and Saint James the Apostle in the said town and county; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

77. An act for paving and repairing the streets, lanes, and other public passages and places, within such part of the liberty of Norton Falgate, in the county of Middlesex, as is extra parochial, and certain parts of Magpie alley, and Blossom street, in the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the said county; and for removing obstructions and annoyances therein.

78. An act for applying the sum of nine thousand pounds, to arise out of the surplusses of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for the purpose of making a passage for carriages from Spital-fields to Bishopsgate-street, in the county of Middlesex.

79. An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the town of Northampton; and for removing and preventing incroachments, obstructions, and annoyances therein.

80. An act for widening and improving a certain avenue called Dirty-lane, and part of Brick-lane, leading from Whitechapel to Spitalfields, in the county of Middlesex; and for paving Dirty lane, and also the east side of Petticoat lane, from Whitechapel High street to Wentworth street; the said avenue called Wentworth street; from thence in one continued line through Old Montague street, Chapel street, and Princes row, to Baker's row inclusive, and the several streets and passages leading into the same; and for removing all obstructions and encroachments therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

81. An act for continuing the terms and enlarging the powers of two acts, one passed in the seventh and the other in the eighth years of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the roads from Oxford over Botley causeway, to Fifield, in the county of Berks, and Witney, in the county of Oxford.

82. An act to enlarge the term and powers of several acts passed in the sixth and twelfth years of King George the first, the twenty-eighth year of his late Majesty, and the ninth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Stevenage, in the county of Hertford, to Biggleswade, in the county of Bedford, and other roads therein mentioned.

83. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from Long Horsley bar or gate, on the post road near the town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horsley, Weldon bridge, and Whittingham, to the river Breamish, and from thence to Percy's Cross, in the county of Northumberland.

84. An act to enlarge the term and powers of several acts for repairing the road from Highgate Gatehouse, in the county of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse in the county of Hertford; and the road from the Bear-inn in Hadley to the Angel in Enfield-chace and also Canewood-lane leading from Highgate to Hampstead, in the said county of Middlesex and the road beginning at Barnet Blockhouse and ending at the Bear-inn in Hadley aforesaid.

85. An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from Wakefield to Austerlands, in the west riding in the county of York.

86. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the thirty third year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from The Bars at Boughton, within the liberties of the city of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the county of Salop, and other roads in the said act mentioned; and for making a road of communication from the said road between Whitchurch and Newport, to the present turnpike road from Newport aforesaid to Eccleshall, in the county of Stafford.

87. An act to enlarge the term of an act passed in the thirtieth year of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Towcester, through Silverston and Brackley, in the county of Northampton, and Ardley, and Middleton Stoney, to Weston-gate, in the parish of Weston on the Green, in the county of Oxford.

88. An act for repairing and widening the road from The Birches Brook to Buildwas-bridge, and from thence to join the Watling-street turnpike road at Tern-bridge, in the county of Salop.

89. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the market house in the town of Much Wenlock, in the county of Salop, and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Gleeton-hill to Cressage, in the said county.

90. An act to enlarge the term and powers of three acts, of the third and seventeenth years of the reign of King George the Second, and the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from Galley-corner, adjoining to Enfield-chace, in the parish of South Mims, in the county of Middlesex, to Lemsford-mill, in the county of Hertford.

91. An act for repairing and widening the road from Stokenchurch, in the county of Oxford, to Wheatley-bridge, and from the said bridge to Enslow-bridge, and from Wheatley-bridge to the mileway leading towards Magdalen-bridge; and from the mileway leading from Saint Giles's Church, near the city of Oxford, by Begbroke, to New Woodstock, in the said county.

92. An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the high road leading from Northallerton to the south wall of the churchyard of the town of Thirsk, and from the south east end of the street called Finkell-street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the town of Easingwould, in the county of York, to a place called Burton-stone, near the city of York; and also the road from Thirsk aforesaid to Topcliffe, in the north riding of the county of York.

93. An act for repealing certain parts of three several acts of parliament, of the first, the seventeenth, and the thirtieth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, made for repairing several roads leading to and from the borough of Evesham, in the county of Worcester, and for repairing and widening the road from Evesham-bridge, in the said borough, to the Globe Inn in Alcester, in the county of Warwick.

94. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the east end of the town of Hertford, in the county of Hertford, through Watton, to Broadwater, and from the town of Witt, through Watton, to the north end of the town of Walkern, in the said county.

95. An act for amending, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in repair, the roads from Whistle-bridge, in the parish of Barwick, in the county of Somerset, to the turnpike road in the parish of Charminster, in the county of Dorset; and from the cross in the town of Maiden Newton, to a stream of water in the parish of South Perrott, in the county of Dorset; from a place called Furze-moor Gate, in the parish of Broadwinsor, to Lenham's Water, in the parish of Beamister; and from Bugler's corner in the town of Beamister, to the Dorsetshire Inn, in the parish of Woolcombe; and from Upsydling Ewe Leaze, to the town of Cerne Abbas; and from the town of Frampton, to join the western turnpike road near Steepleton, in the said county of Dorset.

96. An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road leading from the east side of Barnsley Common, in the county of York, to the middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross; and also the road from the guidepost in Barugh to a rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for two hundred yards over and beyond the same rivulet or brook into the township of Cawthorne, in the said county.

97. An act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the town of Taunton, in the county of Somerset; and for repealing two acts, one of the twenty-fifth year of his late Majesty, and the other of the fifth year of his present Majesty, relating to the said roads; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads adjoining thereto.

98. An act for repairing and widening the road from the city of Gloucester to the town of Stroud, in the county of Gloucester.

99. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from a place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond; and from the top of Hinksey-hill to Foxcombe-hill Gate in the road leading to Farringdon, in the county of Berks.

100. An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the several roads leading from the Red Post, in the parish of Five-head, through the towns of Langport and Somerton, to Butwell; and also from Currey Rivell to Puckington-lane, and from Carybridge to Street Cross, in the county of Somerset; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads adjoining thereto.

101. An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the towns of Shepton Malet and Ivelchester, in the county of Somerset, so far as the same relates to the roads, therein called The Turnpike Roads.

102. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads leading from the city of Gloucester, towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury, in the county of Gloucester.

103. An act for repairing and widening the road from Chippenham bridge, in the county of Wilts, to the top of Togg-hill, in the county of Gloucester; and from the stone pillar to the top of Old Sodbury Hill, in the said county of Gloucester.

104. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads from Donnington High-bridge to Hale Drove, and to the eighth mile-stone, in the parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, in the county Lincoln.

105. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the roads from Leeds to Sheffield, in the county of York, so far as the same relates to the road from Wakefield to Sheffield; and also one other at, made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual the said act.

106. An act to enlarge the term and powers of several acts, passed in the fourth year of King George the First, and the ninth and thirtieth years of King George the Second, for repairing the highways from Crown Corner, in the town of Reading, leading by and through the several parishes of Shinfield and Heckfield, in the several counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the said county of Southampton.

107. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from the town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Thropple, Long-witton, and by the north side of Rothley Park Wall, to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in Elsdon, in the county of Northumberland.

108. An act for continuing and amending an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the town of Penrith, in the county of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall over Skelton and Castle Sowerby Pastures, and Sebraham bridge, to Chalk Beck, in the said county; and also the road which branches and separates from the same road upon Castle Sowerby Pasture aforesaid, and leads from thence through Hesket, otherwise Hesket-newmarket, to Caldbeck, in the said county.

109. An act to empower the trustees for amending the road from Uttoxeter to Newcastle-under-lyme, in the county of Stafford to repair and widen the road branching out of the said road at Lower-lane, to the turnpike road on Hem-heath, in the same county.

110. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the north end of Dapdon-wharf, in the parish of Stoke, next Guldeford, through Guldeford to Andrew's Cross, and to Alfold-bars, in the county of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate, in Arundel, in the county of Sussex.

111. An act for continuing the term of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, intituled An act for amending, repairing, and widening, the roads leading from the Rye-way, in the parish of Yarpole, in the county of Hereford, to Presteigne, in the county of Radnor, from thence to Leintwardine; and from Presteigne aforesaid, to the top of Trap-hill; and from the Rye-way aforesaid, by the Maidenhead, to Wooferton, in the county of Salop; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads, branching out of the roads comprised in the said act.

112. An act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the town of Northampton to Chain-bridge, near the town of Market Harborough, and from the direction post in Kingsthorpe, in the county of Northampton, to Welford-bridge, in the said county; and for repealing several acts, made in the eighth year of King George the First, and the twelfth and twenty-third years of his late Majesty, relating to the said roads.

113. An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for repairing, amending, and widening the road from Keighley, in the west riding of the county of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the county of Westmoreland.

114. An act for repairing and widening the road from Tetbury, in the county of Gloucester, to and through Malmesbury, to Chippenham-bridge, in the county of Wilts; and from Malmesbury to the turnpike road at or near Jackament's Bottom, in the said county of Gloucester and also the road from Paddington to Cricklade, from thence to Malmesbury, and to the turnpike road at Aston Turville; and also from Sherstone to the turnpike road leading from Tetbury to Bath.

115. An act for repealing an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road leading from a part of the road (directed to be repaired by an act passed in the last session of parliament) from Carlisle to Newcastle upon Tyne) near Glenwhelt, to another part of the road (so making from Carlisle to Newcastle) upon Shildon Common, in the county of Northumberland; and for making more effectual provision for the repair of the said road.

116. An act for altering, repairing, and widening, the road from Summer Rods Bar, near the town of Hexham in the county of Northumberland, to the town of Alston, in the county of Cumberland.

