Public Acts passed in 1779, 19 George 3 c.1 - c.120.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 13.
---

1. An act for further continuing an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on toe High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

2. An act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

3. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

4. An act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of certain Muslins, Callicoes, and Coffee.

5. An act for granting Relief to the Captors of Prizes, with respect to bringing and landing certain French Prizes in this Kingdom.

6. An act to authorise the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, to order any Court-martial, which may be appointed on the Charge of Vice Admiral Sir Hugh Palliser against the Honourable Admiral Augustus Keppel, to be holden on Shore.

7. An act for making the Church or Chapel erected by Charles Roe Esquire, in the Town of Macclesfield, in the County Palatine of Chester, a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for endowing the same, and vesting the Right of Nomination or Presentation thereof in the said Charles Roe, his Heirs and Assigns; and for other Purposes.

8. An act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

9. An act for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels for a limited Time.

10. An act for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the more easy and better recruiting of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines; and for substituting other and more effectual Provisions in the Place thereof.

11. An act for rendering more beneficial an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for establishing Agreements, made between Charles Brandling Esquire, and other Persons, Proprietors of Lands, for laying down a Waggon Way, in order for the better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals, by enabling the said Charles Brandling to supply, annually, a larger Quantity of Coals to and for the Use of the sad Town and Neighbourhood; and for regulating the Prices of carrying Coals from the Repository at Casson-close.

12. An act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Linlithgow and Bathgate.

13. An act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the several Hundreds of Hartsmere, Hoxne, and Thredling, in the County of Suffolk.

14. An act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels.

15. An act to continue an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled An Act for regulating Madhouses), for a further Time therein limited.

16. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

17. An act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and forces by Sea.

18. An act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

19. An act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

20. An act for the better raising and securing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Masters, in the Universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow, Edinburgh, and Aberdeen; and for repealing two Acts made in the seventeenth and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second for those Purposes.

21. An act for licensing and regulating Lottery-office Keepers.

22. An act to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America, to the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and Naval Officers in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages.

23. An act more effectually to enable the President and Governors of the Hospital or Infirmary at Bath, established by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for establishing and well governing an Hospital or Infirmary in the City of Bath, to take or acquire, and hold, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Interest in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and any Money or Personal Property, to be laid out in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pursuant to any Will, or otherwise, to the Amount limited in the said Act.

24. An act for charging the Lands within the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland, with further Taxes, for a limited Time for discharging the Debts incurred by the Commissioners under an Act of the twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second; and for supporting and preserving the Drainage of the said Lands.

25. An act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain.

26. An act to continue and amend an Act, made in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fishery.

27. An act for further continuing and extending the Provisions of two Acts made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Tarns made of Flax; and for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British chequed and striped Linens, and upon British and Irish Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen, of above a certain Breadth.

28. An act to permit, during the present Hostilities with France, certain Goods enumerated in the Act of Navigation to be imported in British built Ships sold to Foreigners, and for releasing Ships and Goods which have been seized in pursuance of the said Act.

29. An act for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Port of Cowes, in the Isle of Wight, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour, are allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn.

30. An act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the Hundred of Cosford (except the Parish of Hadleigh), and also of the Parish of Polsted, within the Hundred of Babergh, in the County of Suffolk.

31. An act for building a new Assize or Town Hall and Market-house, within the City or Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset; and for regulating the Markets within the said City or Borough.

32. An act for continuing and amending two Acts made in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and the fourth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Piper’s Inn to Glastonbury, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing the Road from Piper's Inn aforesaid to Athelney bridge; and also for paving, cleansing, and lighting the City or Borough of Wells, in the said County, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

33. An act for draining, improving, and preserving, the Low Lands in the Parishes of Altcar, Sefton, Halsall, and Walton upon the Hill, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

34. An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam, otherwise Grant, West, and the Hard Lands of Bottisham, Swaffham Bulbeck, and Swaffham Prior, East, and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain Fen Lands, lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Inverted Lands.

35. An act to repeal so much of several Acts of Parliament, as prohibit the Growth and Produce of Tobacco in Ireland; and to permit the Importation of Tobacco of the Growth and Produce of that Kingdom into Great Britain, under the like Duties and Regulations as Tobacco of the Growth of the British Colonies in America is permitted to be imported.

36. An act for erecting a Market-house, and regulating the Markets, within the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the said Borough.

37. An act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation into this Kingdom of Hemp, of the Growth of the Kingdom of Ireland, for a limited Time.

38. An act for altering the Times of holding the Martinmas and Candlemas Terms in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

39. An act for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Town and Borough of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford; and for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

40. An act for better securing the Duties on Starch.

41. An act for granting a Drawback of the Duties, imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, upon all foreign Wines exported from Great Britain to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies.

42. An act to enable the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for building a Bridge at Worcester, over the River Severn, and for opening convenient Avenues to the said Bridge, to finish and complete the said Bridge, and to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution.

43. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Soake of Horncastle, and Wapentakes of Wraggoe and Gartree (except the Parish of Great Sturton), and within the Wapentakes of Louth Eske, Ludborough, and Calceworth, and Parishes of Wrangle, Leake, Leverton, Benington, Butterwick, Freiston, and Fishtoft, in the Hundred of Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln.

44. An act for the further Relief of Protestant Dissenting Ministers and Schoolmasters.

45. An act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copy-hold and Customary Tenements, within their Survey, and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy.

46. An act for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the County of Pembroke.

47. An act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

48. An act to explain so much of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation, as relates to the importation into this Kingdom, and other his Majesty's Dominions, of Goods and Commodities of the Growth or Production of Africa, Asia, or America, which are manufactured in foreign Parts; for preventing Matters of Ships removing their Vessels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of London, before the Goods are discharged, or their Vessels are cleared by the proper Officers inwards or outwards; and for allowing the Officers of the Customs and Excise to make use of Lights on board Ships in the Haven, Dock, or Bason, at the Port of Kingston upon Hull.

49. An act to prevent Abuses in the Payment of Wages to Persons employed in the Bone and Thread Lace Manufactory.

50. An act for more effectually preventing Frauds by private Distillers, and for the better securing the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits.

51. An act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons letting Horses to Hire for travelling in the Manner therein mentioned; and certain Duties on all Horses let to Hire for the Purposes of travelling Post, and by Time; and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned.

52. An act for taking off the Duty upon all Salt used in the curing of Pilchards, and laying a proportionable Duty upon all Pilchards consumed at Home only.

53. An act for discontinuing the Duties on Cotton-wool, the Growth and Product of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, exported from this Kingdom.

54. An act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorise, for a limited Time, the Punishment, by hard Labour, of Offenders, who, for certain Crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations.

55. An act for enlarging the Times appointed for the Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

56. An act for altering, amending, and enforcing, so much of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers; and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods, and other Things, sold by Auction; and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Instruments; as relates to the Method of granting Licences to Auctioneers, and to the collecting the Duties on Estates and Goods sold by Auction.

57. An act for the better providing of a Maintenance for the Vicar of the Parish of The Trinity, in the City of Coventry.

58. An act for preserving the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex.

59. An act for repealing the Duties on all inhabited Houses, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties upon all inhabited Houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said Act; and also for amending so much of an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned.

60. An act for establishing certain Payments to be made to the Vicar of the Parish of Saint Michael in the City of Coventry for the Time being in Lieu of Tithes; and for repealing so much of an Act of the fourth and fifth of Philip and Mary as relates to the Payment of Tithes in the said Parish.

61. An act for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for a limited Time, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and for continuing, for a limited Time, so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, as will expire in the Course of the present Year.

62. An act to permit the Removal of Lime, and other Articles necessary for the Improvement of Land, without Cocquet or Bond.

63. An act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

64. An act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine.

65. An act for the further Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Justices of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Barons of the Coif of the Court of Exchequer, at Westminster.

66. An act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and for better securing the Stamp-duties upon Indentures, Leases, Deeds, and other Instruments.

67. An act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's Navy.

68. An act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets.

69. An act for the more effectually preventing the pernicious Practices of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws of the Customs and Excise, upon the Terms therein mentioned.

70. An act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and for other Purposes.

71. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.
---
72. An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several Laws now in being relative to the Militia Forces of this Kingdom; and for making certain Provisions relative to the Fencible Men in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

73. An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

74. An act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment, of certain Offenders.

75. An act for removing certain Difficulties with respect to the more speedy and effectual Manning of his Majesty's Navy, for a limited Time.

76. An act for augmenting the Militia.

77. An act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from James Gildart and his Sureties, and for vesting the Estates of the said James Gildart in Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

78. An act for enlarging the Term of an Act passed in twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for building a Temporary Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the County of Durham; for completing the new Stone Bridge over the said River; and for making the Avenues to, and the Passage over the same more commodious.

79. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Buckton Burn, in the County of Durham, through Berwick upon Tweed, to Lammerton-hill, and also the several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the liberties of the said Town of Berwick.

80. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge, through Baldersby, to Baldersby-gate, adjoining to Hutton-moor, in the Way to Ripon; and through Ainderby, Quernoy, and Nosterfield, by Well Flashes Gate, to Matham, in the County of York; and likewise for removing the Toll-house and Turnpike-gates at Busby Stobb, in the said County, to some other convenient Place in the Road leading from Borough-bridge to the City of Durham.

81. An act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of South Molton, in the County of Devon.

82. An act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City of Coventry.

83. An act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of three Acts passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the fifteenth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham, and other Roads in the County of Buckingham, so far as the same relate to the Road from the West End of the Town of Beaconsfield to within Half a Mile of the River Colne, near Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex.

84. An act for widening and repairing a Lane called Pitt’s or Sheppard’s Lanes leading from the Market-house in the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks, towards Cookham, in the said County; and for turning the Course of the present Road, leading from Ray-mills and Cookham to the Turnpike Road near Maidenhead aforesaid.

85. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to The Cock Inn in Tutbury, in the said County.

86. An act for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing the Road from a certain Place in Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, through Warboys, Old Hurst, Saint Ives, Hilton, Eltisley, Waresley, Gamlingay, and Potton, to a House called The Spread Eagle, in Stratton, within the several Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford.

87. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield, to the Turnpike Road at Hernstone-lane Head; and also the Road branching from the said Roads upon the East Moor, through Baslow and Wardlow, to the joining of the said Roads again near Wardlow-mires; and also the Road leading between the said Road and Branch, from Calver-bridge to Baslow bridge; and also the Road from the Turnpike Reads near Newhaven-house, to the Turnpike Road near Grindleford-bridge, in the County of Derby.

88. An act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Dewsbury to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York.

89. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and amending several Roads leading from Upton, in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for amending the Road leading from the White Cross, in the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the said County, to the River Severn.

90. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the said County.

91. An act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Stratford upon Avon to Edghill, in the County of Warwick; and for repealing the several Laws now in Force relating to the said Road.

92. An act for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for repealing several Acts made in the thirteenth Year of King George the First, and the fourth and twenty-third Years of his late Majesty, relating to the said Roads.

93. An act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from a certain Bridge over a Brook or Stream called Sudbrook, near the City of Gloucester, to the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, in the County of Gloucester.

94. An act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of two Acts made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Dorset, Somerset, and Wilts.

95. An act for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Alemouth, through the Town of Alnwick, to Rothbury, and from thence to the Town of Hexham; and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey’s Dike Bridge, in the County of Northumberland; and for making more effectual provision for the Repair of the said Roads.

96. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, through the Towns of Hathersage, Hope, Castleton, to Sparrowpit-gate, in the County of Derby, and from the Guide Post, near Barber’s Fields Cupola, through Grindleford-bridge, Great Hucklow, Tidswell, Hargate-wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the County of Derby.

97. An act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith to Eamont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and Westmoreland.

98. An act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, far repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell Vent, in the Parish of Ticehurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Hastings, in the said County.

99. An act for repairing and widening the Road from Gander-lane in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, and also the Road branching out of the said Road at or near Mosbrough-green, in the said County of Derby, to Clown, in the same County.

100. An act for enlarging the Term, and altering and varying the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Roads leading to the said Town.

101. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdowngate in Popham-lane to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Hursley to Chandler's Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid to the Turnpike Road at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham-bridge and Winborne Minster in the County of Dorset, and for amending and widening the Road from Ringwood-gate in the said County of Southampton to Woolsbridge, and from a Street called The Hundred at Romsey, through Chilworth, to the River at Swathling in the said County.

102. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Ludlowfach, in the County of Carmarthen, to the Town of Llandovery, and from thence through the Town of Llangadock to the River Amman, and several other Roads in the said County communicating therewith.

103. An act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen, and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County, so far as relates to the Roads included in the Kidwelly District; and also for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County.

104. An act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead, to the Maypole at the upper End of Spital or Somerset Street, in the Parish of Stoke, near the Town of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey.

105. An act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Seaport Town of Workington in the said County, so far as the same relates to the Road between the Town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid.

106. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Westmoreland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Lamont Bridge, in the said County.

107. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint; and from the Town of Mold to Northop, Holywell and Rhuddian, in the same County, and from thence to the Ferry-house, opposite to the Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to the said Town of Mold; as relates to the District of Road from the Town of Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint.

108. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmoreland, to the Town of Kirkby in Kendal, and from the said Town of Kirkby in Kendal, through the Town of Shapp, to Emont Bridge, in the said County of Westmoreland.

109. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint; and from the Town of Mold to Northop, Holywell, and Rhuddlan, in the same County; and from thence to the Ferry-house, opposite the Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to the said Town of Mold; as relates to the District of Road from the Town of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint.

110. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to the Town of Lantrissent, and also the Road leading from Newbridge to a Place called the Old Furnace, all in the County of Glamorgan.

111. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Melksham, through Googes Lane, Corsham, Biddestone, and West Yatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Combe, in the Parish of Castlecombe, in the County of Wilts.

112. An act for continuing the Term of an Act of the thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Cross Keys, otherwise Brickers Barn, in the Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge in the County of Somerset.

113. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Elton, through the Town of Middlewich, and by Spittle Hill in Stanthorn, to Winsford Bridge; and from Spittle Hill to the Town of Northwich, in the County Palatine of Chester.

114. An act for reviving and continuing the Term and varying the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market-house, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop; and for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike or Side-gate, in the Parish of Ashford Bowdler, to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, in the said County.

115. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dudbridge; and also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bisley, so far as the Bottom of Gulph Hill; all in the County of Gloucester.

116. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

117. An act for making and repairing several Roads round the City of Bristol.

118. An act for amending the Road from the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, at or near a Place called The Clay Pits, to or near the Chapel at Stone; and also the Roads to and near Berkeley, Dursley, Wotton under Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury; and several other Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts.

119. An act for reducing into one Act of Parliament the several Laws now in Force for repairing the Road leading from the Town or Village of Tittensor to the most Northern Part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford; and for repairing the Road from Darlastone Bridge, over Tittensor Heath, through the Town or Village of Tittensor aforesaid.

120. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of Parliament, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the eighth Year of King George the First, and the twenty-second Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn-bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to Sparrow’s Herne, in the County of Hertford.

