Public Acts passed in 1780, 20 George 3 c.1 - c.100.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 13.
---

1. AN Act for holding the ensuing Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Southampton, at the Town of New Alresford, in the said County.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

3. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

4. An Act for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels for a limited Time.

5. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

6. An Act to repeal certain Acts made in Great Britain, which restrain the Trade and Commerce of Ireland with Foreign Parts.

7. An Act to amend an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Sugar and Paneles from the British Colonies and Plantations in America into Great Britain.

8. An Act to indemnify such Officers of the Militia as have not transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace Descriptions of their Qualifications, and Certificates of their having taken the Oaths as required; and for allowing further Time for the Delivery of Descriptions of Qualifications by such Officers of the Militia; and for obliging the Captain Lieutenant to deliver in a Description of his Qualification.

9. An Act for extending the Provisions of two Acts made in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods; and for repealing so much of the said last mentioned Act as relates to the Certificates for Prize Tea and East India Goods exported from this Kingdom to Ireland; for the Removal of East India Goods condemned as Prize at any Outport to London for Sale, and of Prize Goods for Exportation; and for reducing the Duty on Foreign Prize Tobacco.

10. An Act to allow the Trade between Ireland and the British Colonies and Plantations in America and the West Indies, and the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, to be carried on in like Manner as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Settlements.

11. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a Bridge cross the River Tweed, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

13. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

14. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

15. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for building a new Parish Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a Chapel; for making a Cemetery, or Church-yard; and for building an House for the use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex; as Empowers the Vestrymen of the said Parish to build a Church upon a certain Parcel of Ground, in the said Parish, belonging to Henry William Portman Esquire, heretofore Parcel of a certain Close, called The Fifteen Acres.

16. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

17. An Act to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections.

18. An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of Henry the Seventh, or of any other Acts which prohibit the exporting, carrying, or conveying, Coin out of this Realm into Ireland; and so much of certain Acts made in Great Britain, which prohibit the Importation of Foreign Hops into Ireland, and which take off the Drawback upon Hops exported from Great Britain to Ireland; and to allow the Importation into, and Exportation from, Ireland, of such Goods as may be imported into, or exported from, Great Britain, by the Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas.

19. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under Foreign Commissions; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the permitting the free importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; and to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies.

20. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels.

21. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual two Acts, passed in the tenth and eleventh Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for better supplying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof with Water, and for the better paving and lighting the said City, and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

22. An Act for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor, in the Town and Parish of Maidstone, in the County of Kent.

23. An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's Navy, and for making further Provisions for those Purposes.

24. An Act for converting into Money the Statute Labour, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, for the Purpose of repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said Stewartry.

25. An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, for a limited Time.

26. An Act for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Aberystwyth, in the County of Cardigan.

27. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Wye, between Whitney and Clifford, in the County of Hereford.

28. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties on Advertisements; and certain Duties on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate divided by Force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place.

29. An Act to protect Goods or Merchandise, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the Islands of Grenada and the Grenadines, on Board Neutral Vessels bound to Neutral Ports, during the present Hostilities.

30. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom.

31. An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain, in Ships the Property of Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty.

32. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the twentieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from the Parish of Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to Shepperton, in the County of Middlesex.

33. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, The Master of the Rolls impowered to make Leases for Years in order to new-build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls; and for the better regulating the Method of granting Leases of the said Rolls Estate for the future; and for making Compensation to the Earl of Macclesfield, and Sir Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial Rights and Interests in certain Leases made of the Rolls Estate; and for regulating the Method of making Leases of the said Estate for the future.

34  An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt; and for regulating the Exportation of Salt to the Isle of Man.

35. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Malt, and upon Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and upon foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said several Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons taking in, vending or selling of Coffee, Tea or Chocolate.

36. An Act for obviating Doubts, touching the binding and receiving of poor Children Apprentices, in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament made for the Relief of the Poor within particular incorporated Hundreds or Districts; and for ascertaining the Settlement of Bastard Children born in the Houses of Industry within such Hundreds or Districts.

37. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy and better recruiting His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as relates to the Encouragement of Volunteers.

38. An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores at Plymouth and Sheerness; and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort.

39. An Act to admit to an Entry in this Kingdom, under certain Restriction, Tobacco imported not directly from the Place of its Growth or Produce, and for granting an additional Duty on such Tobacco, during the present Hostilities.

40. An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the fifteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for settling Buckingham House upon the Queen in lieu of Somerset House, and for other Purposes, as enables the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to apply the Sums necessary for completing Somerset House, out of the Aids granted for Naval Services, or out of any of the Revenues arising from the Receipt of the several Offices to be erected and established by virtue of the said Act.

41. An Act to continue an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of Insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the Diligence of the Law by Arrestment and Poinding, and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes, and for limiting Actions upon Bills and Promissory Notes in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

42  An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon certain Goods imported into the Isle of Man; and for better regulating the Trade and securing the Revenues of the said Island.

43  An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty.

44. An Act to explain an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia; and to declare valid and effectual the Swearing in and Inrolment of Militia Men, Substitutes and Volunteers, in Cases where all the Provisions of the several Acts now in being, relative thereto, have not been observed; and to indemnify Deputy Lieutenants, Chief Magistrates and Justices of the Peace, for their Proceedings therein respectively; to declare valid and effectual the Commissions granted by Deputy Lieutenants, in the Absence of the Lieutenant of any County out of the Kingdom, to Officers commanding Volunteer Companies; and to indemnify Deputy Lieutenants and Officers who have granted, or acted under such Commissions; and to enlarge the Powers of Deputy Lieutenants in certain Cases.

45. An Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland in British or Foreign Vessels from any Place whatsoever; and for laying a Duty on Cotton and Cotton Wool imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

46. An Act to allow the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, from Great Britain, to certain Towns, Ports or Places, in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty's Arms; and from such Towns, Ports or Places, to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions.

47. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

48. An Act for repairing, lighting, watching and cleansing the High Street or Road, called Goswell Street, leading from Aldersgate Bars, without Aldersgate, London, in the House of Woodhouse Coker Gentleman, near the Turnpike at the End of the said Street or Road, in the County of Middlesex; and also Bull Yard, Glasshouse Yard, the North Side of Fan's Alley, Mount Mill and Willow Court, contiguous to the said Street or Road, on the East and West Sides thereof; and for removing Nuisances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

49. An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Dock, Ships and Stores at Chatham.
---
50. An Act for exempting the City of Winchester, the County of Southampton, the Town of Shrewsbury, and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act made in the eight Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the quartering of Soldiers during the time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; so far as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited time.

51. An Act for repealing an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons letting Horses to Hire, for travelling in the Manner therein mentioned; and certain Duties on all Horses to Hire, for the Purposes of travelling Post, and by Time; and upon certain Carriages therein mentioned; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

52. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Starch and Hair Powder imported, and upon Starch made in Great Britain, and upon Sweets.

53  An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans on Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty.

54. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the public Service; and what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public.

55. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as restrains the Removal of Wool, and other Articles, to certain Times and Hours therein mentioned.

56. An Act for continuing in the Possession of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for a further time, and under certain Conditions, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and for reviving and continuing for a further time, so much of an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well as India as in Europe, as hath expired in the Course of the present Year; and for indemnifying the said Company for any Money they have paid or may pay, in or about the Building of three Ships of the Line for the Service of the Public.

57. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act for granting further time for allowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee imported by the East India Company, in the Ship Europa, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy five.

59. An Act to impower His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and to restrain the carrying Coastwise, of Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets, for a limited time.

60. An Act to explain and amend two Acts made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, with respect to the Limits of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, and the Seas adjacent thereto; and to enlarge the Time for the Return of the Vessels employed in the Whale Fisheries.

61. An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto.

62. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

63. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have acted in the Suppression of the late Riots and Tumults, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and for the Preservation of the public peace.

64. An Act to prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience which may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors, Prisoners or others, by the Prisoners in several Gaols in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the City of London, having been set at Liberty during the late Tumults and Insurrections.

65. An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Batley, Birstal, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Cifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for granting other Powers of those Purposes; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Court Baron of the Manor of Kighley, in the said County.

66. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Hamlet of Mile End New town, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex; for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets and other open Passages and Places, within the said Hamlet, and removing Nuissances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for consolidating the Highway Rates with other Rates within the said Hamlet; and for paving and regulating Great Garden Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Matsellon otherwise Whitechapel, in the said County, and removing a Bar now standing across the same, and other Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

67. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intitulated, An Act to widen and repair the Road from the Guide Post, near the End of Drayton Lane, near Banbury in the County of Oxford, to the House called The Sun Rising at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick.

68. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts, made in the first and sixteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual amending the Highway between Hockliffe, and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks.

69. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford; and from the Guide Post in the Village of Adderbury in the same County, through Kidlington, to the Mils Way leading towards the City of Oxford; and also the Road leading from a Place called the Two Mile Tree near the City of Oxford, over Gosford otherwise Goffard Bridge, to a certain Gate entering upon Weston on the Green in the said County; so far as the same relates to the Road leading from the Cross of Hand near Finford Bridge in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam in the same county, to the Borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford.

70. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Tetbury to the Gates on the West of Simond's Hall Down, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Market House in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Minchinhampton Common; and from the said Road in Minchinhampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash; and from the said Turnpike Road to Taylor's Mill Pond, in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide, to the Bottom of the Bourn Hill, in the County of Gloucester.

71. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Warwick to a Paddle Brook, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester; and for repealing the Laws now in force relating to the said Roads.

72. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled, And Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleasley, Glapwell, Heath and Normenton, and the Liberty of Hasland, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby.

73. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Bottesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge; and from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby; and from the Guide Post, in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry, as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Post, in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry.

74. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to New Haven, and from The Four Lane Ends near Oakerthorpe, to Ashborne, and from The Cross Post as Wirksworth Moor, to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chappel en le Frith, at or near Longston, in the County of Derby, and from Selston to Annesley Woodhouse, in the County of Nottingham.

75. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue, amend and make effectual, an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the North West Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Nettlam Fields, Wragby Lane and Baumber Fields to The Wolds, or North-East Part of the said County; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from The Well, in East Gate, in the City of Lincoln, and from the North West End of Horncastle, and from The Guide Post, at the East End of Hainton, through Barkwith, to the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act.

76. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from The Hand and Post in Upton Field, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford, through the several Parishes, within mentioned, to a Place in the Parish of Preston, in the County of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy.

77. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Gosport, in the County of Southampton, through Fareham and Wickham, to the Town of Bishops Waltham; and from Wickham aforesaid, through Droxford, Exton, Warnford, Westmeon and Rumsdream Bottom, to Chawton Pond in the Parish of Chawton, in the said county.

78. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, passed in the sixteen Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and several other Purposes in the said first mentioned Act contained, as gives Power to erect or remove Turnpikes or Toll Gates, so far as relates to erecting or continuing any Turnpike or Toll Gate in Gray's Inn Lane, or between the said Lane and the new Road leading from Islington to Paddington.

79. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the End of the Exeter Turnpike Road, on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, to Biddaford; and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown Pomeroy, and from Teign Bridge, in the County of Devon; and for repealing Two Acts, of the Thirty second of His late Majesty, and the Second of His present Majesty, made for repairing the said Roads.

80. An Act to continue, enlarge and render more effectual, the Term and Powers of Three several Acts, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the eighteenth and thirty first Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington aforesaid, and so on to the utmost Limits of the said County, on Edgehill aforesaid.

81. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to and through several Towns and Places in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester and Rutland, and through Rockingham to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton.

82. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the first and second Years of His present Majesty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willougby Hedge, in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytesbury; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the Parish of Urshfont, to the Mile Stone at the Western End of Fisherton Street, in the County Wilts.

83. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the South End of the South Street, in the Parish of South Malling, near the Town of Lewes, to Glyndbridge; and from thence, through Firle Street under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of Alfriston, in the County of Sussex.

84. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Tiltups Inn, in the Parish of Horsley, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to Dudbridge, at or near Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough; and from the Bridge at Nailsworth, in the Parish of Avening, to Minchinhampton Common; and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester.

85. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the twenty sixth of His late Majesty, and the fifth of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town of Shepton Malet, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing the Road from Steen Bow Bridge to the Turnpike Road leading from Glastonbury to Piper's Inn, and from Chilkwell to Glastonbury, and from Shepton Malet to a Place called The White Post, in the Turnpike Road leading from Bath to Wells, in the said County.

86. An Act for reviving and continuing the Term, and varying some of the Powers, of an Act, made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the High Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pateley Bridge, in the County of York; and for making Compensation to the Trustees and Mortgagees under Two Acts, made in the thirty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Welherby to Grassington, in the County of York.

87. An Act for repealing Two Acts made in the Eleventh and twenty seventh Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Costock otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester; and for making more effectual Provision for the Repair of the said Road.

88. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing, amending and widening, the Roads from the South West End of Nether Bridge, in the County of Westmorland, by Sizerghfellside, to Leveu's Bridge, and from thence, through the Town of Millthorp, to Dixes, and from the Town of Millthorp aforesaid to Hangbridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke Turnpike Road at the Guide Post near Clawthrop Hall, in the County aforesaid.

89. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorn Gumbald, to Pattrington Creek or Haven, and from The Guide Post, in Winestead, to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Branton's Farm, in the County of York; and for scouring and cleansing the said Creek or Haven.

90. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton to the City of Winchester, and from the said City, through Bellmour Lane, to the Top of Stephen's Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop's Waltham in the said County, and from the said City of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bargate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

91. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty second Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross, at Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Buxton, in the County of Derby; and for making and keeping in Repair certain Branches of Road, to communicate with the said Macclesfield Road.

92. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, one made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Southampton and Dorset, and the other made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend the said former Act, and for amending and widening the Road between Ringwood Gate in the County of Southampton to Woolsbridge, and from thence to the Great Western Road between a Place called Thickthorne and Cashmore Inn, so far as the said Two Acts relate to the Fifth Division of Road directed to be repaired and widened by the said last mentioned Act.

93. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads from Tetbury, and other Places in the County of Gloucester, so far as the same relates to the Road from Tetbury to the Gates on the West of Symonds Hall Down, and from the House at the Top of Frocester Hill, where the Turnpike Gate lately stood, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester towards Bath, and from the Field called Bouldown Sleight to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horsley to Tetbury, near Tiltups Inn; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the said Turnpike Road near Howells Down, across Owlpen Down, to a Lane leading to Lampern Hill; and from another Part of the said Turnpike Road near the Latterwood Turnpike, across Owlpen Down aforesaid; all in the said County of Gloucester.

94. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln.

95. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Sage Cross, in the Town of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln.

96. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirty first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guildeford, to The Directing Post near the Town of Farnham, in the County of Surrey.

97. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of so much of an Act made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Mold to Denbigh, and from thence to Tal y Cafn and Conway; and from Wrexham to Ruthin, Denbigh and Rhyddlan, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint and Carnaryon, as relates to the Road from Wrexham to Denbigh.

98. An Act for amending the Road from the West End of Seend Street, to the Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road; and for making an additional Road from the said Road, in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with the Devizes Turnpike Road, at or near Somerham Brook, in the same Chapelry; all in the said County.

99. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty second Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called The Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surrey.

100. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty eight Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames, and Thames Ditton, in the County of Surrey; and for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road, on Borough Heath, in the said County.
