Public Acts passed in 1780-1, 21 George 3 c.1 - c.106.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 14.
---

1. An Act to extend the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to prevent any Mischief or Inconvenience which may arise to Sheriffs, Gaolers, Suitors, Prisoners, or others, by the Prisoners in several Gaols in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the City of London, having been set at Liberty during the late Tumults and Insurrections), to Persons arrested and bailed since the Destruction of the said Gaols, and before the same shall be repaired, or other Prisons substituted in Lieu thereof.

2. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

4. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

5. An Act for extending the Provisions of three Acts made in the eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Prizes taken from the States General of the United Provinces; for declaring what Goods shall be deemed Military or Ship Stores; for regulating the Sale of and ascertaining the Duties upon East India Goods condemned as Prize in the Port of London; for permitting the Purchasers of Prize Goods condemned abroad to import such Goods into this Kingdom, under the like Regulations and Advantages as are granted by Law to Captors themselves; and for reducing the Duties on Foreign Prize Tobacco.

6. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

7. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Militia.

8. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

9. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

10. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, purchased in pursuance of two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Sheerness and Chatham; and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort.

11. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

12. An Act to continue the Duty of one Farthing per Chalder on Coals, granted by an Act of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the more effectual repairing and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York.

13. An Act for rendering effectual an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Stow, in the County of Suffolk.

14. An Act for raising a certain Sum by way of Annuities, and a Lottery; and for consolidating certain Annuities, which were made one joint Stock by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, with certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts made in the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

15. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the more speedy and effectual Manning his Majesty's Navy.

16. An Act for repealing the Discounts and Abatements upon certain foreign Goods; and for granting additional Duties upon Tobacco and Sugar imported into Great Britain.

17. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Excise in Great Britain.

18. An Act for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete, during the Time therein mentioned.

19. An Act to permit the Importation of Flax and Flax Seed into this Kingdom or Ireland, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, navigated with foreign Mariners, during the present Hostilities.

20. An Act for declaring certain Provisions of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, to extend to all Acts made, and to be made, for repairing Roads subsequent to the passing of the said Act.

21. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

22. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River called Bourn Eau, from the Town of Bourn to its Junction with the River Glen at a Place called Tongue End, in the County of Lincoln.

23. An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

24. An Act for repealing the present Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

25. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

26. An Act to permit Goods, the Product or Manufacture of certain Places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain or Ireland in British or Foreign Vessels from any Place whatsoever; and for laying a Duty on Cotton and Cotton Wool imported into this Kingdom in Foreign Ships or Vessels, during the present Hostilities.

27. An Act to permit, during the present Hostilities, the Importation of Goods, the Produce of the Plantations of the Crown of Portugal, into Great Britain or Ireland, in Portuguese Vessels; and the Importation of certain other Goods, therein enumerated, in any Neutral Ships and Vessels.

28. An Act for allowing further Time for the Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon Bugles, when warehoused upon Importation into this Kingdom; and for obviating a Doubt with respect to charging the Duties on Rum imported from Scotland into the Isle of Man.

29. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the opening and establishing certain Free Ports in the Island of Jamaica; to the allowing the free Importation of Sago powder and Vermicelli from his Majesty's Colonies in North America; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America; to the allowing the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to certain Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of his Majesty's Arms, and from such Places to Great Britain and other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions; to the clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the preventing the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and to revive and continue several Laws relating to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; to the impowering his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and restrain the carrying coast-wise, of Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets; to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant ships on their Voyages; and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain in Neutral Ships.

30. An Act for continuing, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament passed for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe, in the County of Essex; and for repairing and cleansing the Streets of the Town of Colchester; and also for lighting the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing Annoyances in the said Town.

31. An Act for the better Management and Collection of the Duties upon Male Servants, granted by an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

32. An Act to encourage the Manufactory of Verdegrease in Great Britain, and for laying a Duty on foreign Verdegrease imported.

33. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, and making commodious Avenues therero; for widening some Part of the High Street and the Market Place; for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances from, the said Town.

34. An Act for further continuing and amending the several Acts passed for preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex.

35. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Adur, at or near Old Shoreham, in the County of Sussex.

36. An Act for amending, regulating, cleansing, lighting, watching, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Borough of The Devizes, in the County of Wilts, and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

37. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation to foreign Parts of Utensils made use of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom.

38. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Town and Liberties of Beverley, in the County of York, and the several Parishes of the same Town.

39. An Act for further securing the Property of the Owners in such Ships or Vessels as are liable to Forfeiture for importing Spirits or other Goods, by the Misconduct of the Masters, Mates, and Seamen.

40. An Act for extending the Provisions of three Acts, made in the twenty ninth Year of His late Majesty, and in the tenth and nineteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, to British and Irish Linens, British Calicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted or stained in Great Britain, and to Buckrams and Tilletings, exported during the time therein limited; and for taking off the Duties payable upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts.

41. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

42. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

43. An Act for continuing an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for exempting the City of Winchester, the County of Southampton, the Town of Shrewsbury, and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers during the Time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time.

44. An Act for the more effectually securing to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, all such forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Money as shall arise from or in respect of any Prizes to be condemned and sold in His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Sea; and to compel the more speedy Payment thereof.

45. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the public Service; and what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public.

46. An Act to enable John Bowater Esquire to grant Leases, in Possession or Reversion, of a Dock Yard and Land at Woolwich, in the County of Kent, (being Part of his settled Estate) to the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, in Behalf of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

47. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign for performing several Works, and making Improvements within the University and City of Oxford, and the Suburbs thereof, and in the adjoining Parish of Saint Clement.

48. An Act to direct the Payment into the Exchequer of the respective Balances remaining in the Hands of the several Persons therein named, for the Use and Benefit of the Public; and for indemnifying the said respective Persons, and their Representatives, in respect of such Payments, and against all future Claims relating thereto; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

49. An Act for preventing certain Abuses and Profanations on the Lord’s Day, called Sunday.

50. An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, within several Ports and Places therein mentioned.

51. An Act to explain an Act, passed in the third Year of George the First, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to oblige Papists to register their Names and real Estates, and for enlarging the Time of such Registering, and for securing Purchases made by Protestants.

52. An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto.

53. An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Public Chapels in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the time of passing an Act, made in the twenty sixth Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages.

54. An Act for the better regulating Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry.

55. An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in Lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise imposed by the said Act.

56. An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Almanacks printed on one Side of any one Sheet or Piece of Paper; and for allowing a certain annual Sum out of the said Duty to each of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, in lieu of the Money heretofore paid to the said Universities, by the Company of Stationers of the City of London, for the Privilege of printing Almanacks.

57. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty one; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

58. An Act for rendering more effectual so much of an Act, made in the tenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for appropriating a Fund established by an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax, as relates to the distributing and paying the Proportion of the Fund thereby appropriated for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England, by applying a Sum not exceeding fifteen thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the said Arrears and Duties, to the Purposes aforesaid, for a Time limited.

59. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

60. An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Two Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

61. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trustees for the better securing His Majesty's Decks, Ships and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness; and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort, as relates to the Security of His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores at Plymouth.

62. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the lessening the Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported, and granting an Equivalent for the same by a Duty upon Drugs, so far as the same relates to the Importation of Drugs from the Russian Dominions; and also an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Improvement of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs, and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures, and for the Prevention of the Clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of His Majesty's Dominions; to permit the Importation of Orchillia Weed and Cobalt, during the present Hostilities, from any Place whatsoever, in British, Irish or Neutral Ships; and to permit Sugars, the Growth of Demerary and Essequibo, to be imported into Great Britain, upon Payment of the like Duties, and under the like Restrictions, as Sugars of the British Islands in the West Indies.

63. An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors.

64. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts, in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Excise imposed by the said Act.

65. An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for the Payment of the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for the Use of the Public, in full Discharge and Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands of the Public from the time the Bond Debt of the said Company was reduced to One Million five hundred thousand Pounds, until the first Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty one, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and also for securing to the Public in respect thereof, for a Term therein mentioned, a certain Part or Proportion of the clear Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for granting to the said Company, for a further Term, the sole and exclusive Trade to and from the East Indies, and Limits therein mentioned; and for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the said Company, as well in India as in Europe, and the recruiting the Military Forces of the said Company.

66. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of His Present Majesty, intituled, An Act to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing or purchasing Houses, and other necessary Buildings and Tenements for the Use of their Benefices.

67. An Act to prevent the Mischiefs that arise from Driving Cattle within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Bills of Mortality.

68. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing Stealers of Lead and Iron Bars, fixed to Houses, or any Fences belonging thereunto.

69. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for more effectually discouraging and preventing the stealing, and the buying and receiving of stolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, Bell-metal and Solder; and for more effectually bringing the Offenders to Justice.

70. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, as relates tot he Administration of Justice in Bengal; and for the Relief of certain Persons imprisoned at Calcutta in Bengal, under a Judgment of the Supreme Court of Judicature; and also for indemnifying the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and all Officers who have acted under their Orders or Authority, in the undue Resistance made to the Process of the Supreme Court.

71. An Act for vesting the Parish Church of Saint Christopher le Stocks, in the City of London, and the Materials and Scite thereof, and the Church Yard thereto adjoining, in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for ever; and for uniting the said Parish to the Parish of Saint Margaret Lothbury, in the said City.

72. An Act for the better maintaining and regulating of the Poor within the Town of Plymouth Dock, and Parish of Stoke Damarell, in the County of Devon; and for paving, cleansing and watching the Streets, Lanes and Passages, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances and Annoyances, and regulating the Drivers of Coaches, Chaises, and Carts, and also Chairmen and Porters, within the said Town.

73. An Act for diminishing the Fees payable, and altering the Mode of Proceeding, in the Court of Record within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, the Hamlets and Liberties of the same.

74. An Act for erecting a new Gaol, and for removing certain Gateways in the City of Gloucester; and for amending the several Acts passed for the Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving and regulating the Streets there.

75. An Act for appointing new Commissioners for continuing to carry into Execution the Trusts and Powers of an Act passed in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making the River Stower navigable from the Town of Maningtree, in the County of Essex, to the Town of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, in the Room and Place of those named in the said Act who are since dead; and for explaining and amending the said Act; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

76. An Act for building a new Church and Rectory House within the Parish of Eserick, in the Country of York; and for confirming an Agreement with the Rector of the said Parish, for exchanging and exonerating from Tythes certain Lands and Tenements in Eserick aforesaid.

77. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts of the ninth and twenty eighth Years of His late Majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in Repair such Part of the Roads described in the last mentioned Act as leads from the End of Culham Bridge next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks; and from The Mayor's Stone at the End of Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County.

78. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Helstone and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge.

79. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Port of Borrowstounness by the West of the Borough of Linlithgow, and by the Towns of Torphichen, Bathgate and Whitchurn, and from thence Southward to the Confines of the County of Linlithgow, at or near Hollhouseburn.

80. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Town of Denbigh to the Town of Saint Asaph, and from thence to the Town and Port of Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint; and for repealing an Act, made in the thirty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, so far as the same relates to the said Road.

81. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge, and also the Road leading out of the said Road, over Darley Bridge, to Cross Green; and also the Road leading out of the last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Rowesley Bridge, in the County of Derby.

82. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Wilmslow Bridge in Wilmslow, in the County of Chester, through Naher Aderley and the Town of Congleton, to or near the Red Bull in Church Lawton, in the said County.

83. An Act for repairing, widening and altering the Road from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor, near Norton, in the County of Derby, to Hathersage, in the same County, through the several Parishes of Norton, Dronfield and Hathersage, in the said County of Derby; and also the Road from the Road leading from Chesterfield to Hernstone Lans Head, near Stoney Middleton, to Toiley, through the several Parishes of Bakewell, Hope, Hathersage and Dronfield, all in the said County of Derby.

84. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury, through the Town of Plympton, to the North End of Lincotta Lane in the County of Devon.

85. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, and in the County of the City of Coventry.

86. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in the thirty third Year of His late Majesty King George, the Second, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Launceston, in the County of Cornwall.

87. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Gate on the Turnpike Road, at or near the South End of the Town of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in the said County.

88. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester, in the said County, and Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester; and from Alcester through Great Coughton and Crabs Cross, in the said County of Warwick; and through Hewell Lane and Burcott, to the Cross of Hands, on a Common called The Leekhay; and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutnell, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester.

89. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the High Roads from the Borough of Tamworth to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, and from Sawley Ferry in the said County to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End of Swarcliff Lane, leading to, and in the Parish of, Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid.

90. An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Grampound in the County of Cornwall, through the Town of Saint Austell and Lostwithiel, and from thence to the East End of the Western Taphouse Lane in the said County.

91. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to repairing and widening the Roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw, and Part of the Jedburgh Road by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to Cornhill, in the County of Durham.

92. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an act, made in the Thirty third Year of His late Majesty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Derby, Leicester and Warwick; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road branching from Part of the said Roads, between Measham in the said County of Derby, and Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road at or near The Ball's Head Alehouse, in Twycross, in the said County of Leicester.

93. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate in Cradley, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Halesowen, and from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, in the Parish of King's Norton, and from Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford and Salop, as relates to the Road from Dudley Worth to Rednal Green, and from Carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield.

94. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty seventh Year of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Westwood Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rushden and Higham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton.

95. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, as relate to the Roads from Otley Skip, in the County of York's from Skipton to Colne, in the County of Lancaster; and from Skipton to Clitheroe, in the said County.

96. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, made in the twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the County of York, to a Place called Blue Bell, near Colne, in the County of Lancaster; and from a Place called The Two Laws, to Kighley, in the said County of York.

97. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts passed in the ninth and twenty eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County.

98. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

99. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing, widening and amending, the Road from Cocking End, near Addingham, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Kildwick to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

100. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey; and for other Purposes.

101. An Act of enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the eleventh and twelfth Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Besselsleigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the County of Berks; and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts; and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the Old Red House upon Wantage Downs; and from thence to Lambourn, in the said County of Berks; and for amending the Road through Pidgeon Lane instead of the said Road through Halfpenny Lane.

102. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of an Act made in the twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Otley, Skipton, Colne, Burnley and Blackburn, to Burscough Bridge in Walton, in the County of Lancaster, and from Skipton, through Gisburn and Clitheroe, to Preston, in the said County of Lancaster, as relates to the Roads from Colne to Blackburn, and from Blackburn to Burfcough Bridge.

103. An Act for enabling the Trustees for executing two Acts, made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Kettering, in the County of Northampton, to Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, to take down the Turnpike erected in Sherrington Field, in the said County of Bucks, and to remove the same to the North End of Sherrington Bridge, in the said County.

104. An Act for more effectually amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads from the East End of the Town of Chard to the South End of West Moor, and from the West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, through Ilmister, to Kenny Gate, and from the West End of Pease Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Rain Hill to Ilmister, and from White Cross to Chillington Down, and from a Place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross, in the County of Somerset.

105. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Roads leading from Stretford's Bridge in the County of Hereford, to the New Inn in the Parish of Winstantow in the County of Salop; and also the Road from Bluemantle Hall near Mortimer's Cross, to Aymstrey in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Mortimer's Cross to Aymstrey Bridge.

106. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from The Dun Cow, in the Town of Dunchurch, to the Town of Hillmorton, in the County of Warwick; and from thence to Saint James's End, in the Parish of Duston, in the County of Northampton; and for repealing the several Laws now in Force relating to the said Road.
