Public Acts passed in 1781-2, 22 George 3 c.1 - c.116.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 14.
---

1. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to tmpower his Majesty to secure and detain Persons charged with, or suspected of, the Crime of High Treason, committed in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or on the High Seas, or the Crime of Piracy.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

3. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two.

4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

5. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

6. An Act for keeping the Militia Forces of this Kingdom complete during the time therein mentioned.

7. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organized Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

8. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities; and for establishing a Lottery.

9. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty one; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty two.

10. An Act for the better detaining, and more easy Exchange of American Prisoners brought into Great Britain

11. An Act for allowing further Time to negociate, by Indorsement, the Bonds issued in pursuance of an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by the Most Noble Henry Duke of Buccleugh, the Moss Noble Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, and others, for redeeming the Annuities granted by the Company of the Bank of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, known under the Firm of Douglas, Heron, and Company.

12. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, purchased in pursuance of Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores, at Plymouth and Sheerness; and for better defending the Passage of the River Thames at Gravesend and Tilbury Fort; and the other in the twenty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for explaining and amending so much of the said Act as relates to the Security of His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores, at Plymouth; and to certain Proprietors and Occupiers of Land at or near Plymouth, who have sustained any Loss or Damage in consequence of the said Acts.

13. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written and printed in Great Britain; to securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British Corn and Grain in neutral Ships; to the allowing the Exportation of Provisions, Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, to certain Places in North America, which are or may be under the Protection of His Majesty's Arms, and from such Places to Great Britain, and other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions; to the impowering His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and restrain the carrying coastwise, of Copper in Bars, or Copper in Sheets; and to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

14. An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual, an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford; and also two collateral Cuts therein mentioned.

15. An Act for the Relief of Naval Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers, with respect to Prize and Bounty Money not claimed in due Time.

16. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels.

17. An Act to repair, enlarge and rebuild, Cobham, Leatherhead and Godalming Bridges, in the County of Surrey.

18. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, as every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter or Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended, within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith.

19. An Act for granting an additional Bounty on Ships employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery for a limited Time.

20. An Act to revive and further continue an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hog's Lard and Grease.

21. An Act to extend so much of two Acts, of the twentieth and twenty first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as relate to the Sale of, and ascertaining the Duties upon, East India Goods, to Tea, and all other Goods of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of China, or any Country within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, which have been; or shall, during the present Hostilities be brought into this Kingdom, and condemned as Prize; for equalizing the Duties upon, and regulating the Importation of Foreign Snuff into this Kingdom; and for preventing the Importation and Running of Foreign Spirituous Liquors, Tea, and other prohibited Goods, into this Kingdom, in Vessels fitted out and armed as Privateers.

22. An Act for better securing the Duties payable, by virtue of an Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, on the Importation of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, into the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk.

23. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

24. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty two.

25. An Act to prohibit the ransoming of Ships or Vessels captured from His Majesty's Subjects, and of the Merchandize or Goods on Board such Ships or Vessels.

26. An Act for providing Quarters for certain Foreign Troops lately employed in His Majesty's Service in the Defence of the Island of Minorca, and expected to arrive soon in this Kingdom, for a limited Time.

27. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the City of Rochester, and the Parishes of Strood, Frindsbury, Cobham, Shorne, Higham, Cliffe, Cooling, High Halstow, Chalk, Hoo, Burham, Wouldham, Halling, Cuxstone, Chatham and Gillingham, and the Ville of Sheerness, in the County of Kent.

28. An Act for granting an additional Duty upon Tobacco and Snuff; and for repealing certain Duties payable upon the Importation of Brandy and Arrack, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

29. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for exempting the City of Winchester, the County of Southampton, the Town of Shrewsbury, and the County of Salop, out of the Provisions of an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Quartering of Soldiers during the Time of the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; so far as the same relates to the Removal of Troops during the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for a limited Time."

30. An Act for allowing the Importation of Goods of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis and Montserrat, into any Ports of His Majesty's Dominions in Europe or America, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties.

31. An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

32. An Act to revive and continue an Act, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

33. An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes or other Notes payable otherwise than upon Demand.

34. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty two; and for consolidating certain Annuities, which were made one Joint Stock by an Act made in the thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, with certain Annuities consolidated by several Acts, made in the twenty fifth, twenty eighth, twenty ninth, thirty first, thirty second and thirty third Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and several subsequent Acts.

35. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex; and for providing a proper Workhouse and Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish; and for opening certain Communications, and making certain Streets, within the said Parish.

36. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty two.

37. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Broseley, Benthall, Madeley, Barrow, Linley, Willey, Little Wenlock and Dawley, and an Extra-parochial Place called Posnall, in the County of Salop.

38. An Act to permit the Importation of British Plantation Tobacco from any Port or Place either in America, or the West Indies, or in Europe, during the present Hostilities.

39. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon Salt; and certain Duties upon Glauber or Epsom Salts, and also on Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, made from Salt; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on soul Salt, to be used in manuring of Lands.

40. An Act for punishing Persons wilfully and maliciously destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen or Cotton Goods, or any Implements prepared for or used in the Manufacture thereof; and for repealing so much of two Acts, made in the twelfth Year of King George the First, and in the sixth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Punishment of Persons destroying any Woollen or Silk Manufactures, or any Implements prepared for or used therein.

41. An Act for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain Officers, employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty's Revenues, from giving their Votes at such Elections.

42. An Act for building a Stone Bridge across the River of Thames, from the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore in the Hamlet of Kew, in the County of Surrey.

43. An Act for making a Passage for Carriages from Spitalfields to Bishopsgate Street, in the County of Middlesex, and for paving the same; and for appropriating to those Purposes the Money arisen by virtue of an Act, passed in the eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for applying the Sum of Nine thousand Pounds, to arise out of the Orphans Fund, for making such Passage.

44. An Act for amending the Pavement in, and for lighting some of the Streets, Lanes, Ways and Places in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in Westminster, which are at present excluded from the Provisions of an Act, passed in the eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts made relating to paving, cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in or near the same; and for making an Opening from Orchard Street, and widening some Part of Wood Street and of Little Peter Street.

45. An Act for restraining any Person concerned in any Contract, Commission or Agreement, made for the Public Service, from being elected, or sitting and voting as a Member of the House of Commons.

46. An Act to enable His Majesty to conclude a Peace or Truce with certain Colonies in North America therein mentioned.

47. An Act for licensing Lottery Office Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets.

48. An Act for charging a Duty on Persons whose Property shall be insured against Loss by Fire.

49. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of this Session of Parliament, with respect to preventing the Importation and Running of Tea into this Kingdom, in armed Vessels having Letters of Marque, or other Commissions from the Admiralty.

50. An Act for further continuing an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what Balances are in the Hands of Accountants, which may be applied to the public Service; and what Defects there are in the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for public Money; and in what more expeditious and effectual, and less expensive Manner, the said Services can in future be regulated and carried on for the Benefit of the Public.

51. An Act to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from all Damage, Interests and Losses in respect to their having made Default in certain Payments due to the Public, on such Payments being made at a future stipulated time; and to enable the said Company to continue a Dividend of Eight Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors of their Stock for the present Year.

52. An Act for preventing the Slaughtering of Cattle within the City of Edinburgh, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom.

53. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Dependency of the Kingdom of Ireland upon the Crown of Great Britain.

54. An Act for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom, for a limited time; and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

55. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the time limited by Law, and for giving further time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

56. An Act more effectually to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Luke in the County of Middlesex, to purchase, hire or erect, a Workhouse, within or near the said Parish, for the better Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish.

57. An Act for building a new Bridge, instead of the present ancient Bridge, commonly called Lancaster Bridge, at a more convenient Place over the River Loyne, near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine, of Lancaster.

58. An Act for the more easy Discovery and effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of Stolen Goods.

59. An Act to provide that the Proceeding on the Bill, now depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of the Parliament.

60. An Act to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in printing Callicoes, Cottons, Muslins and Linens, or in making or preparing Blocks, Plates or other Implements used in that Manufactory, to go to Parts beyond the Seas; and to prohibit the exporting to foreign Parts of any such Blocks, Plates or other Implements.

61. An Act for granting an additional Duty upon White or Manufactured Bees Wax imported into Great Britain.

62. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for raising and training the Militia, as relates to Persons paying the Sum of Ten Pounds being liable to serve again in the Militia at the Expiration of Three Years; and also to oblige Substitutes to make Oath respecting their Place of Settlement.

63. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of King George the Second, for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, as restrains the Use of the Highland Dress.

64. An Act for the amending and rendering more effectual the Laws in being relative to Houses of Correction.

65. An Act to enable the most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, his Heirs, Executors or Administrators to open a Street from the Strand, at or near the East End of the New Church, to the South End of Stanhope Street in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster and to make a more commodious Communication between the North End of Stanhope Street aforesaid, and Wylde Street in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

66. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain.

67. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty two; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

68. An Act for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for granting additional Duties on Coaches and other Carriages therein mentioned; and also additional Duties on Sope made in Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said additional Duties on Coaches and on other Carriages; and for the better securing the Duty upon Tea, and other Duties of Excise; and also for appointing the Number of Commissioners of Excise who may hear Causes depending before them relative to the Duties on Male Servants.

69. An Act for compelling John Whitehill Esquire to return into this Kingdom; and for restraining him, in case of his Return, from going out of this Kingdom, for a limited time; and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating of the same.

70. An Act to enable the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, and the Secretary to the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

71. An Act more effectually to prevent His Majesty's Enemies from being supplied with Ships or Vessels from Great Britain.

72. An Act for continuing so much of an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets.

73. An Act to explain an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the planting, setting or sowing of Tobacco in England or Ireland, and to permit the Use and Removal of Tobacco, the Growth of Scotland, into England, for a limited time, under certain Restrictions.

74. An Act for enlarging the times appointed for the first Meetings of Commissioners, or other Persons for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

75. An Act to prevent the granting in future any Patent Office to be exercised in any Colony or Plantation now, or at any time hereafter, belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, for any longer term than during such time as the Grantee thereof, or Person appointed thereto, shall discharge the Duty thereof in Person, and behave well therein.

76. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

77. An Act to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues and Goods, of the Hospitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell and Saint Thomas the Apostle, and of the Hospitals of Henry the Eighth, King of England, called The House of the Poor, in West Smithfield, near London, and of the House and Hospital called Bethelem, and the Presidents, Treasurers and acting Governors of the said several Hospitals.

78. An Act to permit Drugs, the Product of Hungary or Germany, to be imported from the Austrian Netherlands, or any Part of Germany upon Payment of the single Duty, to allow the Importation of Hungary or German Wines, and organzined Thrown Silk, from the Austrian Netherlands, or any Part of Germany, into Great Britain, and of Timber, and other Goods, from any Part of Europe, in Ships the Property of Subjects under the same Sovereign as the Country of which the Goods are the Growth, Produce or Manufacture.

79. An Act for the Encouragement and Disciplining of such Corps or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily enrol themselves for Defence of their Towns or Coasts, or for the general Defence of the Kingdom, during the present War.

80. An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham.

81. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

82. An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List Revenues; and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List.

83. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

83. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

84. An Act for better paying, cleansing and lighting, Part of the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, and such Part of Old Bond Street as lies within the Parish of Saint James, in the said County; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

85. An Act for the Improvement of Portman Square, within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex.

86. An Act for explaining and amending two Acts, one made in the Eleventh, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for paving certain Streets in the Parishes of Saint John of Wapping, and Saint George in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to other Parts of the said Parishes, and also for opening certain Communications within the said Parish of Saint George.

87. An Act for paving, and freeing from Nuisances and Annoyances, the several Streets, Ways and Places, within the Parish of Saint Anne, in the County of Middlesex, and Queen Street and London Street, in the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, within the said Parish, and for making Ways and Streets into the Street called Risby's Rope Ground, and through or across Shoulder of Mutton Alley, and a Street called Ropemakers Fields, to Three Colt Street, and from the Bridge in the said Street called Risby's Rope Ground into Three Colt Street aforesaid.

88. An Act to continue the Term of an Act, made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmoreland

89. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, to the Roads leading from Shortlanes End, in the Parish of Kenwyn, to Callestock Burrow, and from The Two Burrows, in the said Parish, to Perran Almshouse, and from The Three Burrows, in the said Parish, to Saint Agnes Almshouse, in the said County.

90. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road leading from White Cross, is the Parish of Leven, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, in the Town of Beverley, in the said County.

91. An Act to confirm, and carry into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement entered into between the Right Honourable James Earl of Salisbury, and the Trustees, appointed by and under several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex to Lemnsford Mill, in the County of Hertford; and for turning and altering the said Road, in the Manner mentioned in the said Agreement.

92. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty third Year of His late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon.

93. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor, in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham; and from the said Turnpike Road near Smallways, across the River Tees, to Winston, in the said County of Durham; and for building a Bridge over the said River at or near Winston Ford.

94. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called Littlegate, at the Top of Leadenham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the West End of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent; and from the Guide Post at the Division of Kelham and Muskham Lanes to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham; and for repairing the Road from the West Side of Newark Bridge to the said Guide Post.

95. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, in Cradley, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford and Salop, so far as the same relates to the Roads leading from the Market House in Stourbridge to Colly Gate, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Halesowen; and for opening a more commodious Communication with the Birmingham Turnpike Road.

96. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the First Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Stone to Wordsley Green Gate; and from the West End of Bilston Street, in Wolverhampton, to The High Street opposite The Old Bush, in Dudley; and from a Place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham; and from The Market Cross is Wolverhampton to Cannock; in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester and Warwick.

97. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South Side of Wortley, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, so far as the same relates to the Road leading from Bawtry aforesaid to Tinsley, and through Part of the Town of Tinsley, to the Place where the same joins the Road leading from Rotherham to Sheffield.

98. An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Dartford to Northfleet, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent; and for allowing an annual Payment out of the Tolls arising upon the said Roads, to the Trustees for the Care of the Road leading from Rochester to Maidstone, in the said County, to be applied for the Purposes therein mentioned.

99. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Tamworth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Stafford, Warwick and Derby.

100. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Willersley Turnpike Road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill; and from the Turnpike Road on Fair Mile Field, to the Turnpike Road at Broad Heath; and from the Turnspike Road at or near the Fords Bridge, to the Turnpike Road near Stockton; and from Kyre Common, to the Turnpike Road at Grendon Green in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester.

101. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis and Dorchester, in the County of Dorset; and for repairing the Road leading from the Parish of Warmwell, through the Parishes of Poxwell and Osmington, to the Church in the said Parish of Osmington, in the said County of Dorset.

102. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the High Post Road near the Town of Faversham, by Bacon's Water, through Ashford, to the Town and Port of Hythe, in the County of Kent; and from Bacon's Water, to a certain Lane called Holy Lane, in Wincheap, near the City of Canterbury.

103. An Act for reviving and continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of His late Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester and Hereford; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from The Knowle Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tinbury, in the said Counties.

104. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Haleworthy, in the Parish of Davidstow, in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of Wadebridge, in the said County; and from the West End of Wadebridge, aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County.

105. An Act amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the County of Chester.

106. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Tarporley, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Acton Bridge, near Weaverham, in the same County.

107. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate, upon Rushton Common, to Congleton, in the County of Chester; and also the Road leading from Blyth Marsh, in the County of Stafford, through Cheadle, Oakamoor and Blore, to the Turnpike Road, from Ashborne to Buxton, near Thorp, in the County of Derby; as relates to the District of Road between Ashborne and Congleton; and for repairing the Road from the End of Ashborne Church Yard to the Top of The Dig Street, in Ashborne aforesaid.

108. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Hereford; and for building a Bridge over the River Wye at Bredwardine Passage, in the same County; so far as relates to such of the Roads comprized in the said Act as lie in the County of Hereford.

109. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Wey Hill, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way in the County of Wilts.

110. An Act to continue the Term and alter the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond belonging to Henry Eyre Esquire, in the Parish of White Parish, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Dunwood Hill; and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romfey-infra, to Hundred Bridge, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton.

111. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmorland, through the Township of Orton, to Kirby Kendall, and from Orton to the Turnpike Road near Shapp, and from Highgate, near Tebay, is a Part of the Highway between Appleby and Kirby Kendall, through the Town of Kirby Steven, to the Town of Market Brough, in the said County.

112. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called The Hardwicke in the Parish of Clifford, to Windmill Hill, and from Vowchurch to Pontrilas, in the County of Hereford.

113. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Brecon, through the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon; and also the Road through Marish Lane to the Bullth and Hay Turnpike Road, near the Village of Llyswen, in the same County.

114. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through Highgate in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Sussex; and from Highgate aforesaid, to Cooper's Corner, in the said County of Sussex, and to Tubb's Lake, in the said County of Kent; as relates to the Road from Highgate to Tubb's Lake; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act with respect to the other Roads therein contained.

115. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts passed in the Eleventh, Twenty sixth and Twenty ninth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney to Stamford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex.

116. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the Second and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relate to the Road from Blyth Marsh to the Road leading from Ashborne to Baxton, near Thorp, and from the Road between Cheadle and Leek to the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road at or near Ruehill Gate in the Counties of Stafford and Derby.
