Public Acts passed in 1782-3, 23 George 3 c.1 - c.111.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 14.
---

1. An Act to permit the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Flour, Barley and all Sorts of Corn, Grain and Meal, upon Payment of the low Duties therein mentioned, for a limited Time.

2. An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent His Majesty's Enemies from being supplied with Ships or Vessels from Great Britain.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty three.

4. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty three.

5. An Act for continuing an Act, passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom, for a limited Time; and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

6. An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; and to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

7. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

8. An Act for continuing several Acts passed for the better Regulation of Lastage and Ballastage in the River Thames.

9. An Act for allowing the Importation of Rice, Paddy, Indian Corn, Indian Meal and Maize, free from Duty, for a limited Time.

10. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of fine organzined Italian Thrown Silk in any Ships or Vessels, for a limited Time.

11. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties upon Tobacco; to prohibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain in small Packages; to repeal such Part of the Proviso in an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as permits Portugal and Spanish Wines, and other Wines (except French Wines) to be imported in small Casks for private Use; and for taking off the Inland Duty payable upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts into this Kingdom, upon the Exportation thereof as Merchandize.

12. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty three.

13. An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln and Nottingham.

14. An Act for allowing the Importation of Goods from Europe in Neutral Ships into the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat, Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada and the Grenadines; and of Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the said Islands, and of Tobago and Saint Lucia, from thence into this Kingdom, in such Ships, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, for a limited Time; for permitting certain Goods, the Produce of those Islands, secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, to be taken out, on Payment of the British Plantation Duties, and to cancel certain Bonds entered into for Payment of the Duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary Acts for the Encouragement of Trade; and to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation of Goods the Growth of Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any of His Majesty's Dominions in Europe or America.

15. An Act for rendering more effectual the Provisions contained in an Act of the Thirteenth Year of King George the First, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Dying Trade.

16. An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar, the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

17. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

18. An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign as relates to Bills and Promissory Notes.

19. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for compelling John Whitebill Esquire to return into this Kingdom, and for other Purposes; and for vesting in the said John Whitehill his Estate and Effects forfeited in consequence of the said Act; and for restraining him from going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time; and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

20. An Act for building a new Shire Hall and Guild Hall for the County of Salop, and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained or dyed in Great Britain.

22. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

23. An Act to prevent Prisoners in the King's Bench Prison, or the Rules thereof, or their Families or Servants, gaining Settlements in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, and County of Surrey; and for the Relief of the said Parish, with respect to the Families of Prisoners in the said King's Bench, or the Marshalsea Prison, or in the County Gaol, or House of Correction belonging to the said County; for regulating the manner of chusing Overseers of the Poor; and for appointing Collectors of the Poor's Rates, within the said Parish.

24. An Act for continuing an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters so far; as the same relates to the Realm of Great Britain.

25. An Act to enable the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, to sell their Taxes of certain Lands within the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level, which have been or may be dug for Turf; and to apply the Money arising from such Sale, towards discharging the Bond Debts of the said Corporation upon Account of those Levels.

26. An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as prohibits Trade and Intercourse with the United States of America

27. An Act to ascertain and establish the Boundaries of and between the Hospital of Bridewell and the Precinct thereunto belonging, and the Parish of Saint Ann Blackfriars, in the City of London, as therein specified.

28. An Act for removing and preventing all Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, concerning the exclusive Rights of the Parliament and Courts of Ireland, in Matters of Legislation and Judicature; and for preventing any Writ of Error or Appeal from any of His Majesty's Courts in that Kingdom from being received, heard and adjudged, in any of His Majesty's Courts in the Kingdom of Great Britain.

29. An Act for rendering effectual an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk.

30. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attorneys and Solicitors.

31. An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys and Passages, within the Parish of Saint Mary, at Rotherhithe otherwise Redriffe, in the County of Surrey, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

32. An Act for amending an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex; and for providing a proper Workhouse and Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish; and for opening certain Communications, and making certain Streets, within the said Parish.

33. An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts passed in the Sixth, Tenth, Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a navigable Canal from the Trent to the Mersey; and a Branch from the said Canal to Froghall, and a Railway from thence to or near Caldon, in the County of Stafford.

34. An Act for removing certain Disabilities and Incapacities, occasioned by the Attainder of David Ogilvy of Airly Esquire.

35. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities; and for establishing a Lottery.

36. An Act to discharge and indemnify the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, from all Damages, Interest and Losses, in respect to their not making regular Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public, and to allow further Time for such Payment; and to enable the Company to borrow a certain Sum of Money; and to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Midsummer One thousand seven hundred and eighty three.

37. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue for a limited Time so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy and better recruiting His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as relates to the Encouragement of Volunteers.

38. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames or Isis, at or near Leachblade, to join and communicate with the Stroudwater Canal at Walbridge, near the Town of Stroud; and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal at or near Siddington, to or near the Town of Cirencester, in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts.

39. An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

40. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia, and of the Clothing for the Serjeants and Drummers of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty three.

41. An Act for impowering Persons navigating Vessels upon the River Trent, between a Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, and the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to hale the same with Horses.

42. An Act for better paving, cleansing and lighting the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster, and certain Places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

43. An Act for better paving, cleansing and lighting the Parish of Saint Anne, and such Part of Cock Lane as lies in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

44. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual, and Act made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Workhouse, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint James Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex.

45. An Act for regulating the Proceedings of the Court of Justiciary, and Circuit Courts in Scotland.

46. An Act for widening the North West End of Fenchurch Street, and the South End of the Old Jewry, within the City of London.

47. An Act for altering and varying the Powers of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River Douglas alias Asland, navigable from the River Ribble to Wigan, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, incorporated by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to purchase the said River Navigation; for amending the said last mentioned Act; for incorporating and consolidating the said Two Navigations; and for other Purposes.

48. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Trent, from a Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln; and for impowering Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hale the same with Horses.

49. An Act for repealing an Act made in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand; and for granting new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes; and also Stamp Duties on Receipts.

50. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, and the more regular Payment of the Army; and to repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

51. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for further Punishment of Vagabonds calling themselves Egyptians.

52. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the Realm of Great Britain.

53. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Supply of the several Counties therein mentioned, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to assess and levy certain Sums for relieving such of the Inhabitants of the said Counties as have been reduced to Indigence by the Failure of the last Year's Crop of Corn; and to enable His Majesty during the next Recess of Parliament, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to permit the Importation of Corn into the said Counties for a limited Time, and in Ships or Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, navigated by Foreign Seamen.

54. An Act for providing a proper Workhouse within the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and for better regulating the Poor within the said Parish.

55. An Act for building a new Gaol for the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; for purchasing an additional Burial Ground for the Use of the Parish of the Holy Trinity, in the said Town; for regulating the Affairs of Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen and Porters, and the Prices of Carriage of Goods; for altering the time of lighting Lamps; for ascertaining the Breadth of Party Walls, and for preventing certain Nuisances within the said Town, Liberties and Precincts thereof; for amending an Act of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and establishing public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon Hull, in respect to such as are or may be built opposite to certain Staiths in the said Act described; and for other Purposes.

56. An Act to allow the Drawback of the whole Duty of Customs upon the Exportation of Rice.

57. An Act for the Sale of Prize Goods secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, for which the Duties are not paid or the Goods exported within a limited Time.

58. An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional and new Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper; and also for repealing certain Exemptions from the Stamp Duties.

59. An Act to provide that the Proceedings on the Bill now depending in Parliament, for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, for certain Breaches of public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellor: and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament.

60. An Act for further continuing so much of an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for restraining Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and, Peter Perring Esquire, from going out of this Kingdom for a limited Time; and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and preventing the transporting or alienating the same, as relates to restraining the said Sir Thomas Rumbold Baronet, and Peter Perring Esquire, from alienating or otherwise disposing of their respective Real Estates.

61. An Act for vesting in Henry Earl of Pembroke, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Hundred of Kynwardston, and certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of Great Bedwyn and Burbage, in the County of Wilts; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

62. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Licences to be taken out by certain Persons uttering or vending Medicines; and certain Stamp Duties on all Medicines sold under such Licences, or under the Authority of His Majesty's Letters Patent.

63. An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Stage Coaches, and other Carriages therein mentioned.

64. An Act for taking away from the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland, the Power of compounding with Persons making Malt not to sell, but to be consumed in their own private Families.

65. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and to vest as well the said Fort and its Dependencies, as all other the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, together with all the Property, Estate and Effects of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settlements and their Dependencies, in His Majesty; and for securing, extending and improving the Trade to Africa; and for vesting James Fort, in the River Gambia, and its Dependencies, and all other the British Forts and Settlements between the Port of Sallee and Cape Rouge, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and for securing and regulating the Trade to Africa.

66. An Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Waggons, Wains, Carts and other such Carriages, not charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

67. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births and Christenings.

68. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom.

69. An Act to enable the Adjutant General of His Majesty's Forces, and the Comptrollers of Army Accounts, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

70. An Act for the more effectual preventing the illegal Importation of Foreign Spirits, and for putting a Stop to the private Distillation of British-made Spirituous Liquors; for explaining such Part of the Act, imposing a Duty upon Male Servants, as relates to the Right of Appeal from the Justices of the Peace; to amend and rectify a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Removal of Tea from one Part of this Kingdom to other Parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious Actions against Officers of Excise acting in pursuance of the Authority given by Excise Statutes.

71. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham.

72. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty three.

73. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

74. An Act for altering the Duties and Drawbacks upon plain Muslins, unrated Muslins and Callicoes, and Nanquin Cloths.

75. An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as took off the Duties payable upon the Importation of that Species of Blue called Smalts; and for granting Relief to the Owners or Proprietors of Tobacco, of the Growth of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which shall not be worth the Duties imposed thereon by an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

76. An Act for the better preventing Frauds in the landing and removing of Wines in this Kingdom; and to prevent the relanding of Refined Sugar entered for Exportation, to obtain the Drawback or Bounty.

77. An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

78. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

79. An Act for the further encouraging the Growth of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, in His Majesty's Islands and Plantations in America.

80. An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties and Possessions, during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

81. An Act for preventing the Exportation of Corn, Grain or Meal, with a Bounty, during the Operation of Two Acts, passed in this present Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of Corn.

82. An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer.

83. An Act for granting Relief to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by allowing further time for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due to the Public, and by advancing to the said Company, on the Terms therein mentioned, a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and to enable the said Company to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per Centum to the Proprietors at Christmas One thousand seven hundred and eighty three; and to regulate the future Payment of Debentures of Drawbacks on East India Goods.

84. An Act to enable His Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to pay off and discharge the Debts due and owing on the Civil List.

85. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Right Honourable Sir George Augustus Elliott, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country.

86. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on George Lord Rodney, and the Two next Persons to whom the Barony of Rodney shall descend, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said George Lord Rodney to His Majesty and the Public.

87. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the further securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores at Portsmouth; and for the more safe and convenient carrying on of His Majesty's Gunpowder Works and Mills, near the Town of Faversham.

88. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction, to certain Cases not therein mentioned.

89. An Act for better paving, cleansing and lighting the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, and certain Places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

90. An Act for better paving, cleansing and lighting the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of Westminster, and certain Places adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

91. An Act for paving and regulating Church Lane, in and near the Parishes of Saint Mary Whitechapel and Saint George in the County of Middlesex, and several other Streets, Avenues and Places, within the same Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, and preventing Annoyances therein; and for enabling the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, to raise Money to defray the Expenses incurred in repairing the Parish Church.

92. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a Place near Rider's Green, in the County of Stafford, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and Six Collateral Cuts from the same, to several Coal Mines; and also a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham.

93. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering and keeping in Repair the Road from the South End of Sparrows Herne on Buthy Heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Berkhampstead, Saint Peter's and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettipher's Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks.

94. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the Roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling and Wibsey, to Halifax, and also the Roads called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, in the West Riding of the County of York.

95. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts made in the Fourteenth and Twenty sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge in the County of York; so far as the same relate to the Road between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge.

96. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford, to Cartgate in Martock, in the County of Somerset.

97. An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts, of the Ninth and Twenty seventh Years of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Saint Dunstan's Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the Water Side at Whitstable, in the County of Kent.

98. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, the Cross Houses, Glazeley and the Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester.

99. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing, widening and altering the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester; and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors; and from Wetley Rocks to Tean, in the said County of Stafford.

100. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks.

101. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Lawton, in the County of Chester, to Burslem and Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned.

102. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, widening and repairing a Road from the North East Side of the Goswell Street Road next Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and near to the Road called The New Road, over the Fields and Grounds, to Old Street Road, opposite to The Dog House Bar, and at and from The Dog House Bar to the End of Chiswell Street, by the Artillery Ground.

103. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Wetherby to Knaresborough, in the County of York.

104. An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Passage or Ferry over the River Severn at Newnham, in the County of Gloucester, through the Parishes of Newnham and Little Dean, to a Place called Saint White's, adjoining His Majesty's Forest of Dean, in the said County.

105. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford, to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.

106. An Act for completing and keeping in Repair the Road from the Ram Inn, in the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, through the Town of Tetbury, to Oldfield otherwise Woefield Corner, near the Sixteenth Mile Stone in the Bath Road, and a Road from thence through the Parishes of Cold Ashton and Swanswick, to or near Lambridge, in the Parish of Bath Easton, near the City of Bath; and for continuing the present Road from the said Corner to or near the Monument upon Lansdown, until the intended Road from the said Corner to or near Lambridge be made fit for travelling.

107. An Act to revive and render more effectual an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Markfield Turnpike, in the County of Leicester, over Charley otherwise Charnwood Forest, through the Town of Whitwick, and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough, to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a Place called Snape Gate.

108. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for widening, repairing and amending the Road from Hesket, by Yewes Bridge, to Cockermouth; and from thence, by Lorton, over Whinlatter, to Keswick, in the County of Cumberland; and from Keswick, by Dummail Rays and Ambleside, to Kirby in Kendall, in the County of Westmoreland; and from Plumbgarth's Cross, near Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the Lake called Windermere, in the County of Westmoreland; and from Keswick aforesaid, to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland.

109. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for altering, widening and amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch, and other Places, to Newtown River; and also the Road from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through Wherwell, to the present Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton.

110. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts made in the Seventh Year of King George the First, and the Eighth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, and for paving Oxford Road; and also of an Act, made in the Twenty ninth Year of King George the Second, to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Road leading to Highgate Gate House and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne, to make a new Road from the Great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Management of the Trustees of the said Two first mentioned Acts.

111. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts made in the Second and Twenty fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppards Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent.
