Public Acts passed in 1783-4, 24 George 3, Sess. 1 c.1 - c.34.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 14.
---

1. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

2. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

3. An Act to continue so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, as allows further Time for the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due to the Public, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

4. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

5. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Borrowstownness Navigable Cut or Canal, more effectually to complete and maintain the same.

6. An Act for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland.

7. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for charging a Stamp-duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable otherwise than upon Demand;" and for granting new Stamp-duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes; and also Stamp-duties on Receipts; and for indemnifying all Persons who have written or signed any Bill of Exchange, Promissory or other Note, or any Receipt, not stamped according to Law.

8. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Dovor and the Parishes of Charlton, Buckland, River, Ewell, Lydden, Coldred, East Langdon, West Langdon, Ringwould, Saint Margaret's At Cliff, Whitfield otherwise Beausfield, Guston, Hougham otherwise Huffham, Caple le Fern, and Alkham, and also the Liberty of Dovor Castle, in the County of Kent.

9. An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act made in the thirtieth War of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Marsh and Fen Lands, and Low Grounds, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of Norfolk.

10. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain,the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; together with those named in two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three.

11. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

12. An Act to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in certain cases; and to amend the Laws respecting the Transportation of Offenders.

13. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and for lessening the Number of Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace to act in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia.

14. An Act to continue the Provisions of an Act of the twenty-third of his present Majesty, for granting a Bounty upon the Exportation of British and Irish Buckrams and Tillettings, British and Irish Linens, British Callicoes and Cottons, or Cotton mixed with Linen, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, for a limited Time.

15. An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

16. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

17. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

18. An Act for regulating, and rendering more effectual, the Exaction of the Statute-work within the Shire of Edinburgh; and for authorising the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to borrow, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the District of Laswade, a further Sum of Money, to be applied for Payment of certain Sums borrowed on the Personal Security of the said Trustees; and for further repairing the Roads within the said District.

19. An Act for settling the Rates of the Carriage of Passengers and Goods for Hire to and from the Isle of Wight.

20. An Act for the Appointment of an additional Overseer, for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts.

21. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, at Newhaven, in the County of Sussex.

22. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shillingford, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading, in the County of Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at or near Shillingford Ferry.

23. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby Kendall, in the County of Westmorland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the County of Lancaster.

24. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to The Cross Post upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby; and from Ilkeston to the Towns of Heanor and Shipley, in the said County of Derby; and from Trowell, in the County of Nottingham, to the Town of Nottingham; except so far as relates to the Road leading from Ilkeston to the Town of Shipley.

25. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Lemsford Mill, through Welwyn and Stevenage, and by Cory’s Mill to Hitchin, and from Welwyn, through Codicot to Hitchin, in the County of Hertford.

26. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the South End of Newton Abbott to the Passage Way in Kingswear, oppofte Clifton Dartmouth Hardness; and from the End of a Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes, towards Abbott’s Kerswell to Five Lanes; and from Langver’s Barn to the said Turnpike Road between Newton Abbott and Totnes; and from Galmpton Warborough to Monk's Bridge and Brixham Quay; and from Langver’s Barn to the North End of Paington Town, all in the County of Devon.

27. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Lostwithiel Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Creed, in the County of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Ruan Lanthorne; and from Dennis Water to Three hundred Yards on the South Side of Trethim Mill, in the Parish of Saint Just, in the said County.

28. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Castle-Street, at the End of the Town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth Town’s End; and from or near the Guide Post at Walcot Town's End, in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile Stone in Welford Field, in the County of Northampton.

29. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the sixteenth and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, to Catherick, in the same County; and from thence to Piers- Bridge, on the River Tees.

30. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Read from the Turnpike Road at or near the Town of Swindon, to the North End or Side of the Town of Marlborough and from the said Town of Marlborough to the Village of Everley, in the County of Wilts.

31. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon.

32. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Cosham, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Chichester.

33. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Fourteen Mile Stone, in the Parish of Mothvey, to Tavern Spite, in the County of Carmarthen; and for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County.

34. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the fourth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spalding High Bridge, to the Market Place in Donington; and from the Tenth Mile Stone in the Parish of Gosbertown, to the Eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of Wigtoft, in the County of Lincoln.

