Public Acts passed in 1784, 24 George 3 session 2 c.1 - c.70.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 14.
---

1. An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

2. An Act to impower the East India Company to make a Dividend to the Proprietors of East India Stock, at Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

3. An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the County of Suffolk.

4. An Act for incorporating the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation authorised by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, to be made from Birmingham to Bitstone and Antherley, with the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation authorised by an Act passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to be made from Birmingham to Fazeley; and for consolidating their Shares; and amending the said last mentioned Act.

5. An Act for enlarging the Market Place, and regulating the Markets within the Town of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for widening and rendering more safe and commodious several Streets adjoining or leading into the said Marketplace; and for taking down the present Slaughter Houses within the said Town, and erecting others in a more proper Situation.

6. An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades.

7. An Act for explaining certain Acts of the Parliament of Scotland concerning Manufactories; and for extinguishing the Claims made by the Proprietors of the two Manufactories, called The Rope and Sope Manufactories of Glasgow, to certain Exemptions from Customs and Duties, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof.

8. An Act for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland.

9. An Act to authorise the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland to cancel Bonds, given for the High Duties on certain Parcels of Corn imported into Great Britain, on certain Conditions therein mentioned.

10. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

11. An Act for laying additional Duties upon Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candies), and for more effectually securing the Duties upon Candles.

12. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to encrease the Capital Stock of the said Company.

13. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom.

14. An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from Francis Dixon Esquire, deceased, and his Sureties; and for vesting his Estates in Trustees; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

15. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to several Parishes within the Town of Shrewsbury and the Liberties thereof, in the County of Salop.

16. An Act to discontinue the Petty Custom on Aliens Goods imported into Great Britain, and the Duty of One per Centum on Goods exported to, or imported from the Mediterranean Seas in unqualified Ships; and for repealing so much of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as enacts, that no Part of the Old Subsidy shall be drawn back upon Goods exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in America.

17. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Borough of Dunheved otherwise Launceston, and Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of Cornwall; and for vesting the Aftermowth of certain Common Lands within the Borough, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

18. An Act for laying additional Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards and Scaleboards; and for explaining certain Doubts respecting the Duties imposed by an Act made in the Twenty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repeating the present Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

19. An Act to revive and continue an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited time; and for extending several Acts of Parliament relative to the Manufacture of Leather, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

20. An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay Masters, for assaying wrought Plate in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham, so far as relates to the said Town of Sheffield.

21. An Act for the Preservation and Encouragement of the Hat Manufactory within this Realm, by preventing the Exportation of British Hare Skins, British Hare Wool, and British Coney Wool, and all undressed or untawed British Coney Skins, and for preventing any of the said Skins from being stained or dyed; and for the Importation of Goats Hair into this Kingdom Duty free.

22. An Act for enabling Sir Ashton Lever to dispose of his Museum, as now exhibited at Leicester House, by way of Chance.

23. An Act for further continuing, for a limited time, an Act made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States.

24. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain; and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same.

25. An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East Indies.

26. An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorises the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown for making out Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Manner therein mentioned; and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes.

27. An Act for laying an additional Duty on Hackney Coaches; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches.

28. An Act for authorising the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Officers and Men belonging to His Majesty's Ship Santa Margaretta, the like Bounty for taking the French Frigate called L'Amazone, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War, taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

29. An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores at Portsmouth and Plymouth; and also for revesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton, Cornwall and Devon, in the former Proprietors thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

30. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors.

31. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, and on Horses used in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable.

32. An Act to postpone the Payment of the Sum of two Millions, advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one.

33. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four.

34. An Act for the Relief of the East India Company with respect to the Payment of certain Sums due to the Public, and to the Acceptance of certain Bills drawn upon the said Company, and for regulating the Dividends to be made by the said Company.

35. An Act to impower the Bishop of London for the Time being, or any other Bishop to be by him appointed, to admit to the Order of Deacon or Priest, Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of his Majesty's Dominions, without requiring them to take the Oath of Allegiance as appointed by Law.

36. An Act for repealing the present Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain; and for granting in lieu thereof other Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, and upon Wax imported, and upon Licences to make or sell Wax Candles in Great Britain.

37. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Rates of Postage for Conveyance of Letters and Packets, by the Post, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; for preventing Frauds in the Revenue, carried on by the Conveyance of certain Goods in Letters and Packets; and for further preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from Postage.

38. An Act for repealing the several Duties on Tea, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and also several Duties on inhabited Houses; and upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee; and for repealing the Inland Duties of Excise thereon.

39. An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

40. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Linens printed, painted, stained or dyed in Great Britain; and for granting certain Duties on Cotton Stuffs bleached or dyed in Great Britain; and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same; and upon the Importation of Stuffs made of, or mixed with Cotton, not painted, printed, stained or dyed in foreign Parts.

41. An Act for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by the Makers of, and Dealers in Exciseable Commodities therein mentioned.

42. An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual, an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain Possession of Goods or Money, by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses, by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants and Apprentices, so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned.

43. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game.

44. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty four; for appropriating the Monies arising by the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, and also by a Land Tax, granted to His Majesty by Two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

45. An Act to extend the Powers of an Act made in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned.

46. An Act to discontinue, for a limited time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption as for Exportation; and for destroying all Homemade and Foreign Spirits, after the Condemnation thereof; and for vesting in His Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands of Ferentosh, in the County of Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies.

47. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom.

48. An Act for better securing the Duties on Starch and Sope.

49. An Act for granting additional Duties upon Raw and Thrown Silk imported into Great Britain, and upon Lead exported from Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas; and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Silks, and Stuffs mixed with Silk.

50. An Act to revive and continue several Laws, relating to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in American and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, relative to the Removal of Wine in Casks, to Wine removed in Bottles and other Packages.

51. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken out by Persons vending Hats by Retail; and also certain Duties on Hats sold under such Licences; and for laying additional Duties on all Hats and Caps imported into this Kingdom.

52. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty four.

53. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in Great Britain.

54. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respective Counties; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

55. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the amending and rendering more effectual the Laws in being relative to Houses of Correction.

56. An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders; and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were put under the Management of a Board of Trustees by an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second; and to repeal the said Act.

58. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the time limited by Law, and for giving further time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices or Servants.

59. An Act for extending, amending and altering the Powers of an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton; and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; and for making a Navigable Cut or Canal of Communication from the Port and Harbour of Borrowstowness, to join the said Canal at or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth.

60. An Act for raising Money to discharge Debts contracted on account of the Poor within the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex; for repairing and enlarging the present Workhouse of the said Parish; and for further regulating the Manner of rating to the Poor, appointing Overseers, and preserving all Accounts relating to the Offices of Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor, and Treasurer of the same Parish.

61. An Act for amending several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright Lane; and from Enslow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford.

62. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for repairing and widening the Road from Alford to Boston, and from thence to Cowbridge, in the County of Lincoln.

63. An Act to amend and render more effectual so much of Two Acts, made in the Second and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening and altering several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall, in Tavistock aforesaid, through Mathew Street, and Lower Brook Street, to Cherrybrook, and to Dunna Bridge Pound, and from the Callington Turnpike Road to Morwelham and New Quay, in the said County, as relates to the Roads leading from the Lower Market House, in Tavistock aforesaid, to Old Town Gate, in Plymouth aforesaid, and from Manadon Gate, to the Old Pound, near Plymouth Dock.

64. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and widening the several Roads leading from or near the North End of the Town and Borough of Totnes in the County of Devon.

65. An Act for completing, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from Rowd Ford, through the Devizes Market Place, to Sheppard's Shord; and from the East End of Devizes to the Top of Red Hone, in the County of Wilts; and for changing and altering Part of the said Road.

66. An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Meeting House in the Parish of Llanegwad, to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llanddarog; and from Dan yr Alt in the said Parish of Llanegwad, to Pont y Berem in the Parish of Llangendeirne, in the County of Carmarthen.

67. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Shambles in the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, through Frankfort Gate, to Stonehouse Bridge; and from the West End of the said Bridge to the Inner Barrier Gate next the Playhouse, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the said County; for lighting, watching and watering the said Road; and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Carriages using the same.

68. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton and Wigan, and to certain Places called The Brond Oak, in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads; and also for making, altering and widening the Road from a Place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge; and from thence through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End; and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said County.

69. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford; and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said Counties.

70. An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Kirkby Steven High Lane Head, in the County of Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and from Bracken Bar Gate, near Askrigg, in the County of York, through Sedbergh, to Kirkby Kendal; and also the Road from the Four Lane Ends in Marthwaite, to the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg Hause, leading from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, in the said County of Westmorland.
