Public Acts passed in 1785, 25 George 3 c.1 - c.128.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 14.
---

1. An Act for confining, for a limited Time, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America, and his Majesty's Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of his Majesty's European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form hereunto annexed.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

3. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

4. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

5. An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States; and for continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty), for giving his Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned.

6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Port of Faversham, the Hundreds of Faversham and Boughton, and the several Parishes of Ospringe, Seasalter, and Whitstable, in the County of Kent.

8. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

9. An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting The High Street, and other Places within the Town of Huntingdon, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

10. An Act for building a new Gaol, a Penitentiary House, and certain new Houses of Correction, for the County of Gloucester, and for regulating the same.

11. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

12. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

13. An Act for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries in the County of Perth.

14. An Act for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, within the Parish of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln.

15. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts relating to the Harbour of Liverpool; and for making two additional Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool.

16. An Act for taking down the present Market House, and certain other Buildings, in the Town of Uxbridge, for the Purpose of widening The High Street, and for paving the Foot-ways, and lighting and cleaning the Streets and other Places within the said Town, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for changing the Course of the Road between Mercer's Bridge and High Bridge; and for rebuilding the said Market House.

17. An Act to enable the House of Commons to authorise the Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable Saint Andrew Saint John, complaining of an undue Election for the County of Bedford, to proceed in case the said Select Committee shall be reduced to a less Number than is prescribed by an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of Controverted Electors, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

18. An Act to impower the Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery of Newgate for the County of Middlesex, to continue to hold a Session of Gaol Delivery of Newgate, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of Term, and Sitting of the King’s Bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex.

19. An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Publick Offices therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices.

20. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five; together with those named in three former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in the Land Tax Act of the twenty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, and in the Land Tax Act of this Session of Parliament.

21. An Act to render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses, within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there; and to raise further Sums of Money for the better carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution.

22. An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Distillation of Corn Spirits in small Stills, in certain Counties or Districts of the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for authoring the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to grant Licences, to Persons living in the Paid Counties or Districts, to distil Spirits from Barley, Bear, or Big, the Growth of the said Counties; and for imputing a Duty on such Licences.

23. An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys, and Passages, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, called The Water-side Division, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for lighting and watching certain Parts of and belonging to the Turnpike Road leading from the East End of New Street, in Southwark, to Deptford, in the County of Kent, within the said Water-side Division of the said Parish, therein mentioned.

24. An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, as imposes Duties on all Stuffs made of Cotton and Linen mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, not being printed, painted, or stained; and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same.

25. An Act for allowing further Time for the Importation of Goods, the Produce or Manufacture of the Island of Tobago, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties.

26. An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham.

27. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Tunstead and Happing, in the County of Norfolk.

28. An Act for opening an easy and commodious Communication from the High Street of Edinburgh, to the Country Southward; and also from the Lawn Market to the new-extended Royalty on the North, and for enabling Trustees to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas, for that Purpose; for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading to the same; for rebuilding or improving the University; for enlarging the Publick Markets, and Communications thereto; for regulating certain Taxes; for lighting the said City; for providing an additional Supply of Water; for extending the Royalty of the said City; and for levying an additional Sum of Money for Statute Labour in the Middle District of the County of Edinburgh.

29. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar, the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

30. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain.

31. An Act for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy.

32. An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

33. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five.

34. An Act for better paving, cleansing, repairing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, of and in the Vill of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein; and for erecting a Market-house, and holding a publick Market in the said Vill.

35. An Act for the more easy and effectual Sale of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Crown Debtors, or of their Sureties.

36. An Act for building a new Bridge over the Haven of Great Yarmouth; and for enlarging the Term, and altering some of the Powers, of an Act of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth: and for depthening, and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire.

37. An Act for rebuilding the Bridge across the River of Ayr, at the Town of Ayr.

38. An Act for vesting in Edward Bancroft, Doctor in Physick, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of his Invention or Discovery of the Use and Application of certain Vegetables, for dying, staining, printing, and painting certain valuable Colours, throughout that Part of his Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited Time.

39. An Act for the better preserving and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of Cromarty in North Britain.

40. An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely.

41. An Act to repeal Part of an Act passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and for making new Provisions for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, for the Repairs of the Highways, the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, in the Town and Parish of Richmond aforesaid; for the Removal and Prevention of Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments therein; for inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands within the said Parish, for the Use of the Poor; and to enable the Vestrymen of the said Parish to erect a Workhouse thereon; and to purchase Land for a Burial Ground; and also to enable his Majesty to shut up a Lane within the said Parish, called Love Lane.

42. An Act for vesting in Archibald Earl of Dundonald, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a Method of extracting or making Tar, Pitch, Essential Oils, Volatile Alkali, Mineral Acids, Salts, and Cinders, from Pit Coal, throughout his Majesty's Dominions, for a limited Time.

43. An Act to repeal the Duties on Male Servants; and for granting new Duties on Male and Female Servants.

44. An Act for regulating Insurances on Ships, and on Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects.

45. An Act for reducing the Time for the Imprisonment of Debtors committed to Prison, upon Prosecutions in Courts of Conscience, in London, Middlesex, and the Borough of Southwark, to the same Periods in each Court; and for abolishing Fees paid by those Debtors to Gaolers, or others, on account of such Imprisonment.

46. An Act for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in certain cases.

47. An Act for transferring the Recent and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned from the Commissioners of Excise, and the Commissioners of Stamps respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred.

48. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp-duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker.

49. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Coachmakers; and also certain Duties upon Carriages to be built for Sale.

50. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

51. An Act for repealing the Duties on Licences taken out by Persons letting Horses for the Purpose of travelling Post, and on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, and on Stage Coaches; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and also additional Duties on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time.

52. An Act for better examining and auditing the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom.

53. An Act for settling an Annuity of nine thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, in lieu of the like Annuity payable out of the Duties of Four and One Half per Centum in Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands.

54. An Act for better securing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders.

55. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences, to be taken out by Persons vending Gloves or Mittens; and also certain Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail.

56. An Act for more effectually preventing Deceits and Frauds in the manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, and to prevent the illicit Importation of Foreign-made Cordage.

57. An Act to exempt Carriages, carrying the Mail, from paying Tolls at any Turnpike Gate in Great Britain.

58. An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a faither Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

59. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

60. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for providing a Compensation to the Clerks in the Offices of the Principal Secretaries of State, for the Advantages such Clerks enjoyed before the Commencement of an Act, made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post, between Great Britain and Ireland.

61. An Act to authorise the Lord Steward of the Household, the Lord Chamberlain, the Master of the Horse, the Master of the Robes and the Lords of the Treasury, respectively, to pay Bounties granted by His Majesty, to Persons in low and indigent Circumstances.

62. An Act to prohibit for a limited time, the Exportation of Hay.

63. An Act for reducing the Allowances for Waste on Salt and Rock Salt; for regulating the Exportation of Salt to Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney and Sark; for repealing the Laws allowing the Use of soul Salt for Manure only; for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Glauber or Epsom Salts; for restraining Fish Curers from being Dealers in Salt; for regulating the Exportation of Herrings from the Isle of Man; for better securing the Duties on Salt; and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws relating to the Duties on Salt.

64. An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in Great Britain.

65. An Act for the further Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

66. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain; and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same.

67. An Act to prohibit the Exportation to foreign Parts, of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas.

68. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take and state the public Accounts of the Kingdom.

69. An Act to repeal the Duties upon Flasks in which Florence Wine and Oil is imported; to permit the Importation of Wines in small Casks for private Use; to revive, continue and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, as allows the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; for disallowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Snuff; for continuing the Permission to land Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise; for reviving and continuing the Premiums upon the Importation of Pitch, Tar and Turpentine from East Florida into Great Britain; for allowing a Bounty upon the Exportation of Silk Gauzes, and a Drawback upon the Exportation of Raw Silk.

70. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties on Male Servants; and for granting new Duties on Male and Female Servants.

71. An Act for extending the time limited by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills.

72. An Act for repealing the Duties on Linens to be printed, painted, stained or dyed in Great Britain, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and on Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets and Velverets wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted or dyed; and upon the Importation of Linens, Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets and Velvenets printed, stained, painted or dyed in foreign Parts.

73. An Act to declare that Brewers selling Beer or Ale in less Quantities than a Cask, containing four Gallons and a Half, shall not be intitled to any Allowance out of the Duties of Excise for Waste or Leakage; and for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn or Grain, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

74. An Act for repealing the Duty imposed on Tea by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing so much of several Acts as relates to the Removal of Tea; for directing the Officers of Excise to examine and certify the Exportation of Exciseable Commodities; and for better securing the Duties on Candles.

75. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births and Christenings, to the Registry of Burials, Births and Christening of Protestant Dissenters from the Church of England.

76. An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

77. An Act to amend so much of an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further and better Regulations of Buildings and Party Walls; and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Places therein mentioned, as relates to Manufactories of Turpentine; for extending the Provisions of the said Act, so amended, to Manufactories of Pitch, Tar and Turpentine, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England; and for indemnifying the Proprietor of a Turpentine Manufactory in Potter's Fields, in the Borough of Southwark, against the Penalties he may be liable to under the said Act; and for excepting, for a limited time, his said Manufactory from the Provisions herein contained.

78. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars and Petty Chapmen; and for regulating their Trade.

79. An Act for repealing an Act made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Licences to be taken out by certain Persons uttering or vending Medicines; and certain Stamp Duties on all Medicines sold under such Licences, or under the Authority of His Majesty's Letters Patent; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

80. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain; and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates and Authorities to be entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned.

81 .An Act for the better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco.

82. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the time limited by Law, and for giving further time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Trustees of Turnpike Roads in certain cases, and declaring their Proceedings valid.

83. An Act for further postponing the Payment of the Sum of Two Millions, advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

84. An Act to limit the Duration of Polls and Scrutinies, and for making other Regulations touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed; and also for removing Difficulties which may arise for want of Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament.

85. An Act for paving the Footways in the Borough of Reading in the County of Berks; for better repairing, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages and Places in the said Borough; and for removing Incroachments, Obstructions and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

86. An Act for better watching, lighting and cleansing such Parts of the Precinct of Saint Catherine near the Tower of London, in the County of Middlesex, as are not included in the Provisions of certain Acts passed in the Seventh and Ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

87. An Act extending the Dudley Canal to the Birmingham Canal, at or near Tipton Green, in the County of Stafford.

88. An Act for lighting and watching the Village of Clapham, and certain Roads leading thereto, in the County of Surrey.

89. An Act for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Lambeth, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, with Water.

90. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages within the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex; and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

91. An Act for taking down the Market House in the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, and rebuilding the same, together with a Session or Court House, in a more convenient Situation; for removing the Shambles or Butcher Row; for better paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the said Borough; for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances; and for prohibiting the covering of any new Houses or Buildings within the said Borough with Thatch.

92. An Act for draining, preserving and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs in the several Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York.

93. An Act for the Removal and Rebuilding of the Council Chamber, Guildhall and Gaol of the City of New Sarum; and for ascertaining the Tolls of the Market, and regulating the Chairmen within the said City.

94. An Act for repairing, new pewing, seating and erecting Galleries, and making other Alterations and Additions in and to the Parish Church of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester.

95. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Christ Church otherwise The Holy Trinity, within the City of Bristol; and for widening the Streets adjacent thereto.

96. An Act for amending Two Acts of the Eighth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty, for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets and other Places in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, and such Part of Hog Lane as lies within the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein.

97. An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to pull down the Poultry and Wood Street Compters, and to purchase certain Ground and Buildings within the said City for the Purpose of rebuilding the same.

98. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, situate in or near North Scotland Yard, in the County of Middlesex, in Exchange for the Inheritance of certain Buildings or Barracks, and Land adjoining thereto, and also of certain Ground contiguous to Tinmouth Castle, in the County of Northumberland, belonging to the Duke of Northumberland, or for such further or other Compensation as shall be a full Consideration for the same; and also to impower the said Duke to make such Exchange.

99. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazely, to make a navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath in the County of Stafford, to Fazely, in the said County; and for confirming certain Articles of Agreement entered into between the said Trent and Mersey, the Oxford and the Coventry, Canal Navigation Companies.

100. An Act for amending and improving the Navigation of the River Arun, from Houghton Bridge, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Sussex, to Pallenham Wharf, in the Parish of Wisborough Green, in the said County; and for continuing and extending the Navigation of the said River Arun, from the said Wharf called Pallenham Wharf, to a certain Bridge, called New Bridge, situate in the Parishes of Pulborough and Wisborough Green, in the said County of Sussex.

101. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads leading from The Buck's Head, at Watling Street, to Beckbury, and The New Inn, and from The Birches Brook to the Hand Post in the Parish of Kemberton, in the County of Salop, and for making the same more effectual.

102. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to repair and widen the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and Newcastle under Lyne; and from Hinstock to Nantwich aforesaid.

103. An Act for continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Biddenden, in the Weald of Kent, through the Towns of Smarden and Charing, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Feversham, at a Place called Bound Gate.

104. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from Tinsley, in the County of York, to the Town of Doncaster, in the said County.

105. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from the South End of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleasley, in the County of Derby; and also the Road from the North End of the said Town of Rotherham, into the present Turnpike Road on the East Side of Tankersley Park, in the said County of York, so far as the same relates to the Road leading from Rotherham aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Pleasley aforesaid.

106. An Act for reviving, continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Charnock, to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

107. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Derby to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, and several other Roads therein mentioned.

108. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Callington, in the County of Cornwall; and for widening and repairing the Road leading from Bushford to Beal's Mill, in the Parish of Stoke Climsland; and also the Road from Penterscross, in the Parish of Pillaton, to a Place called The Fighting Cocks, in the Parish of Botes Fleming, all in the said County.

109. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Horsham to the Top of Beeding Hill, and from Steyning to the Top of Steyning Hill, in the County of Sussex.

110. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in the County of York.

111. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lockton Lane, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of York.

112. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Second and Ninth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the White Post on Haselden's Wood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath; and from Milkhouse Street, in the same Parish, to Castleden's Oak, in the Parish of Biddenden; and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Tenterden, through Rolvenden, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Newenden, in the County of Kent.

113. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester; and from the Town of Leicester to the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County; and other Roads therein mentioned.

114. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same County.

115. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Gibbet or Lutterworth Hand, on the Watling Street Road, through the Parishes of Churchover, Brownsover, Newhold upon Avon, Rugby and Bilton, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between Dunchurch and Hillmorton, in the said County, at or near a Public House known by the Sign of The Cock, in the said Parish of Bilton.

116. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Ipswich to South Town; and from the said Road at Beech Lane, in the Parish of Darsham to Bungay, in the County of Suffolk.

117. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from The Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and to Sutton and Kingston; and from Vauxhall Bridge, through Stockwell to Brixton Causeway; and from Newington to the East End of Peckham Lane; and from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Hill, in the County of Surrey; and for repealing so much of several Acts now in force, as relates to the said Roads; and for repairing the Road from Highgate aforesaid to Witchcross, in the County of Sussex.

118. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, and from Brockton to the Turnpike Road at Minsterley, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor and Montgomery; and for amending, widening and keeping in Repair several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery.

119. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bideford, in the County of Devon.

120. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Scott’s Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through the Villages of Langholm and Hawick, to Haremoss in the County of Roxburgh.

121. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening and repairing the Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, over Belpar Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chesterfield to Derby, at or near a Place called Open-wood Gate, and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the County of Derby.

122. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff, and several other Towns and Places, in the County of Glamorgan); and for making, altering, repairing, and widening, certain other Roads within the said County.

123. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln; and from Sutton Saint Mary’s to Sutton Wash, in the said County.

124. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, towards Epping; and from the causeway, in the Parish of Low Layton, to the End of the said Parish of Woodford, next Chigwell, and through the Parishes of Chigwell and Lambourn, in the County of Essex; and for lighting and watching the said Road from Whitechapel Church to the four Mile Stones in the Rumford and Woodford Roads.

125. An Act for amending the Roads from a Place called Piff's Elm, in the Tewkesbury Turnpike Road, through Cheltenham, to Elston Church, and from thence to Coombend Beeches, in the Road from Cirencester to Gloucester; and from the Market House in Cheltenham to the Burford Turnpike Road at a Place called Pewsdon Ash; and from Cheltenham to the Road from Gloucester to London, at or near a House called Kilkenny, and from the Direction Post in Bembridge Field, through Birdlip, to join the Road from Gloucester to Bath, at or near Painswick, and at a House called The Harrow, all in the County of Gloucester.

126. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the End of Stanbridge Lane, near a Barn, in the Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop; and from the Turnpike Road between Stanbridge Lane aforesaid, and Great Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at Stockbridge; and from the Garden of Henry Hattat at Awbridge, to the Garden Wall of Denys Rolle Esquire, at East Tuderley, and from Lockerley Mill Stream to East Dean Gate; and from the said Garden Wall to the Turnpike Road leading from Stockbridge aforesaid, in the County of Southampton, to Salisbury.

127. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Bensington and Shillingford, in the County of Oxford; and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at Thame, to the Oxford Turnpike Road between Postcombe and Tetsworth, in the said County of Oxford.

128. An Act to enlarge the Term, and explain and amend the Powers, of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road in Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Daventry and Cottesbach, to the South End of Mill Field, in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester.
