Public Acts passed in 1786, 26 George 3 c.1 - c.160.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 15.
---

1. An Act for confining, for a limited Time, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America, and his Majesty's Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of his Majesty's European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form hereunto annexed.

2. An act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Hay.

3. An act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

4. An act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States; and for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, for giving his Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respell to certain Articles therein mentioned.

5. An act to regulate the Exportation of Hops to Ireland.

6. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

7. An act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

8. An act to enable the Persons therein named to provide proper Places on Shore for the Reception of the Crew of the Voorberg Dutch East Indiaman, forced by Stress of Weather into the Port of Dartmouth.

9. An act to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain; for repealing several of the Duties granted by the said Act, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

10. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

11. An act for enlarging the Term of several Acts of Parliament, for the Repair of Dover Harbour.

12. An act for opening, making, widening, and altering certain Streets, Passages, and Places within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for supplying the said Town with fresh and wholesome Water; for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for appointing additional Market Places and for extending so much of the Powers of an Act of the second Year of his present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, and Porters, to a certain Distance beyond the Liberties of the said Town.

13. An act to continue and render more effectual so much of an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as imposes a Duty on Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan, for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour.

14. An act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surrey.

15. An act for augmenting and ascertaining the Income of the Rectors of the Parish Church and Parochial Chapel of Liverpool.

16. An act to explain and amend certain Provisions of an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, respecting the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company.

17. An act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes. Ways, Passages, and Places, within the Town of Tewkesbury, and the Precincts thereof, in the County of Gloucester; for the Removal of present, and Prevention of future, Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for regulating Carts and other Carriages, and ascertaining the Rates of Carriage; and for widening some Part of the Street called Church Street, within the said Town.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Borough of Deal, and the Parishes of Ripple, Sutton, Northbourne, Great Mongeham, Little Mongeham, Tilmanstone, Betshanger, Ham, and Sholden, in the County of Kent.

19. An act to amend and render more effectual two Acts made in the sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; and for setting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there; and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates of Devon; and for applying for the Relief of the Poor in the said Work-house, certain Surplus Monies, which have formerly arisen by the Assessment for raising the Land Tax in the said Town; and for granting further Power to the Guardians of the Poor of the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

20. An act to amend and render effectual, two Acts of the ninth and fifteenth Years of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford.

21. An act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Dumbarton.

22. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Sandwich, and Vill of Ramsgate, and the Parishes of Minster and Saint Lawrence, in the Isle of Thanet, Walmer Ash next Sandwich, Eastry, Wingham, Staple, Goodnestone next Wingham, Chillenden, Nonnington, Woodnesborough otherwise Winsborow, Eythorne, Word otherwise Worth, Elmestone, Preston next Wingham, Ickham, and Wickhambreux, in the County of Kent.

23. An act for the Appointment of an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wilts.

24. An act for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the County of Salop, and the several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and Places within the same; and for explaining and amending an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a new Shire Hall and Guildhall for the County of Salop and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An act for obviating all Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, with respect to the exclusive Power of the Court of Directors of the East India Company to nominate and appoint the Governor General and Council of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal.

26. An act to amend and render more effectual the several Laws now in force for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; and for granting Bounties, for a limited Time, on certain Terms and Conditions.

27. An act for authorizing the Lord Chief Baron, and remanent Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, out of the unappropriated Money arising from the forfeited and lately annexed Estates in Scotland, to pay a certain Sum to the Society in Scotland for propagating Christian Knowledge, for the Purposes, and under the Conditions therein mentioned.

28. An act for providing a proper Workhouse, and better regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Romford, in the Liberty of Havering Atte Bower, in the County of Essex.

29. An act to enable his Majesty to license a Playhouse within the Town and Port of Margate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, under certain Restrictions therein limited.

30. An act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation to complete the said Canal to Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt.

32. An act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

33. An act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

34. An act for altering the Days of Payment of the Long Annuities, and Annuities for thirty and twenty-nine Years.

35. An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for authoring the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar, the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy."

36. An act to explain an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament,with respect to the Allowances to be made for Waste on the Exportation of White Salt and Rock-Salt to the Isle of Man; for limiting the Quantity of British refined Sugar to be exported to the Isle of Man; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufacture of the Isle of Man; and for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, authorised by an Act made in this Session to be transported to the said Island, as relates to permitting any Person to import into the Isle of Man Fish from any Place whatever, except from Great Britain, without Payment of any Custom or other Duty whatsoever.

37. An act for laying a Toll upon all Horses and Carriages passing on a Sunday over Blackfriars Bridge, and for applying the Money to arise thereby towards increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing the said Bridge.

38. An act for regulating the Time of the Imprisonment of Debtors imprisoned by Process from Courts instituted for the Recovery of Small Debts; for abolishing the Claim of Fees of Gaolers, and others, in the Cases of such Imprisonment; and for ascertaining the Qualifications of the Commissioners.

39. An act for widening, enlarging, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Places, and for opening new Streets, Markets, and Passages, within the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Liberties thereof, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein; and for regulating the publick Markets, and Common Stage Waggons, Drays, and Carts, carrying Goods for Hire.

40. An act for regulating the Production of Manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine relanding of Goods.

41. An act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas, and Davis's Streights.

42. An act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Battens and Deals imported into Great Britain.

43. An act to continue and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

44. An act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit.

45. An act to continue and amend an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Pilchard fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

46. An act for augmenting and fixing the Salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

47. An act for discharging the Payment of Sentence Money, and other Fees of Court, to the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Payment of Sentence Money to the Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh; for granting Salaries to the Judges of the said Courts in lieu thereof; and for regulating the Nomination of the said Judges.

48. An act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to replace to the Revenue the Sums granted out of the same, in this Session of Parliament, towards the Augmentation of the Salaries of the judges of the Courts of Section, Justiciary, Exchequer, and Admiralty Court in Scotland, and Commissary Court of Edinburgh.

49. An act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles therein mentioned; and on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending the same.

50. An act for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery.

51. An act for better securing the Duties on Starch, and for preventing Frauds on the said Duties.

52. An act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco, and for the Ease of the fair Trader; for discontinuing the Discount upon Payment on Bonds before due, and establishing the Duty to be paid upon Tobacco of the Growth of the British Plantations, and the United States of America.

53. An act to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth; and to the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies, directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the permitting the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom; to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; to the registering the Prices at which Corn is sold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported; and to the effectually encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp and rough and undressed Flax from his Majesty's Colonies in America.

54. An act for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Stamp Office rateable to the Land Tax, in Shire Lane Ward, within the Division of Saint Clement Dane and Saint Mary le Strand, in the Liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said Office should be removed into any other Division or Place.

55. An act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to raise Money, in Manner therein mentioned, for erecting a House of Correction within the said County.

56. An act for obliging Overseers of the Poor to make turns, upon Oath, to certain Questions specified therein, relative to the State of the Poor.

57. An act for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies; for repealing so much of an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India, and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East Indies, as requires the Servants of the East India Company to deliver Inventories of their Estates and Effects; for rendering the Laws more effectual against Persons unlawfully resorting to the East Indies; and for the more easy Proof, in certain cases, of Deeds and Writings executed in Great Britain or India.

58. An act for procuring, upon Oath, Returns of all Charitable Donations, for the Benefit of Poor Persons, in the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England.

59. An act for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

60. An act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

61. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

62. An act to enable the East India Company to raise Money by a Sale of Annuities, and by increasing their Capital Stock.

63. An act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on board any of his Majesty's Ships.

64. An act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof.

65. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

66. An act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Publick Offices therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducing and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices.

67. An act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

68. An act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

69. An act for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

70. An act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money cut of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

71. An act for regulating Houses, and other Places, kept for the Purpose of slaughtering Horses.

72. An act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying an additional Duty on Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches.

73. An act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies.

74. An act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Sweets, and for ascertaining the Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Persons dealing in Sweets.

75. An act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

76. An act for repealing so much of two Acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as prohibits the Exportation of Wool Cards of a limited Price.

77. An act to limit a Time for the Repayment of the Duties on Male Servants and Carriages by the Commissioners of Excise; and also on Horses, Waggons, Wains and Carts, by the Commissioners of Stamps; and for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

78. An act for better securing the Duties on Paper printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain.

79. An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned from the Commissioners of Excise, and the Commissioners of Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred; and for making certain Provisions respecting Oaths to be administered by the Commissioners for the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any other Duties put under their Management.

80. An act for further continuing certain Acts therein mentioned, relating to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

81. An act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

82. An act for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Laws relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and for repealing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for insuring Property in any foreign Kingdom or State from Loss by Fire.

83. An act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex.

84. An act to impower the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Archbishop of York, for the Time being, to consecrate to the Office of a Bishop, Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of his Majesty's Dominions.

85. An act to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage, and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon foreign rough Hemp exported, as relates to allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage.

86. An act to explain and amend an Act, made in the seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to settle how far Owners of Ships shall be answerable for the Acts of the Masters or Mariners; and for giving a further Relief to the Owners of Ships.

87. An act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown; and to sell or alienate Fee-farm and other unimproveable Rents.

88. An act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of Lady Maria Carlton, Wife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir Guy Carlton, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to his Majesty and this Country.

89. An act to explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and Utensils, an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Exportation to foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas.

90. An act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Salt; and certain Duties upon Glauber or Epsom Salts and also on Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass made from Salt; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt to be used in manuring of Lands, as relates to the obtaining Rock Salt or Salt Rock, or Brine or Sea Water, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, Duty-free.

91. An act for making perpetual an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating Mad-houses.

92. An act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, “An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money, by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Publick Houses, by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices;" so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned.

93. An act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Brook Watson Esquire, late Commissary General in North America, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services in that Office.

94. An act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for the more safe and convenient carrying on his Majesty's Gunpowder Works and Mills near the Town of Faversham, and for the better securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Plymouth, in pursuance of Acts of Parliament made in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty's Reign; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

95. An act for enlarging the Times appointed for the first Meetings of Commissioners, and other Persons, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

96. An act to provide that the Proceedings now depending in the House of Commons upon Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, which have been exhibited against Warren Hastings Esquire, late Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, shall not he discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament.

97. An act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

98. An act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Offices, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

99. An act to ascertain the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, on the Issues of Money which have been made, and shall hereafter be made for the Payment of certain Pensions at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer.

100. An act to prevent occasional Inhabitants from voting in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for Cities and Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Dominion of Wales.

101. An act for erecting certain Light-houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain.

102. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for impowering the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls on Sundays upon the several Roads therein mentioned, and apply the same for the Purposes of the said Acts.

103. An act for assessing the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Office for victualling his Majesty's Navy, for their Salaries, and the Profits of their respective Offices to the Land Tax, in the Manor of East Smithfield, in the Tower Division, in the County of Middlesex, notwithstanding the Removal of the said Office into any other Division or Place.

104. An act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in Smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines, within the Isle of Anglesey.

105. An act for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Pay Office and Navy Office respectively, rateably to the Land Tax, in the Wards of Broad Street and Tower, within the City of London, notwithstanding the said Offices should be removed into any other Division or Place.

106. An act for incorporating certain Persons therein named, by the Name and Stile of The British Society for extending the Fisheries, and improving the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom, and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a Joint Stock, and therewith to purchase Lands, and build thereon free Towns, Villages, and fishing Stations in the Highlands and Islands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for other Purposes.

107. An act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

108. An act for explaining, amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the several Acts passed for more effectually preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex.

109. An act for incorporating the Members of a Society to be called the Clyde Marine Society; for the better impowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs; and for levying certain Duties from Shipmasters and others, for that Purpose.

110. An act for supplying North Shields, and the Shipping reporting thereto, with Water.

111. An act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining; and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages leading thereto; and for building another Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said City (if necessary); and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto; and for making a Way from the Bridge already built to Temple-Street in the said City.

112. An act for raising a competent Sum of Money to defray the Expence of a proper Number of Watchmen, Patrols, and Beedles, within the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster.

113. An act for widening several Streets in the City of Edinburgh; for opening a Communication from Queen's Street to Broughton Loan; for enlarging the Burial Ground; and for extending the Royalty of the said City over Part of the Lands of Broughton.

114. An act for ascertaining and collecting the Poor’s Rates, and for better governing, regulating, maintaining, and employing the Poor, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

115. An act for providing a proper Workhouse, and better regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Barking in the County of Essex; and for regulating the Common Wharf within the Town of Barking.

116. An act for paving the Footways and Passages in the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester; and for better cleansing and lighting the said Town; for taking down certain old Buildings now standing therein; and for removing and preventing other Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances.

117. An act for pulling down and rebuilding the Church of All Saints, in the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and for enlarging the Church-yard, and making convenient Avenues and Passages thereto.

118. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Folkestone, and the Parishes of Folkestone, Cheriton, Newington next Hithe, Stanford, Postling, Lyminge, Elham, Paddlesworth, Acris, Swingfield, and Hawkinge, in the County of Kent.

119. An act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the Borough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight; and for the Removal of present, and Prevention of future, Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

120. An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Manor of Southwark, otherwise called The Clink, or Bishop of Winchester's Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of Surrey; for the Removal of present, and preventing of future Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for laying out two new Streets, and widening and regulating several other of the Streets and Passages within the said Liberty; for discontinuing the Passage through Globe Alley; and for shutting up in the Night Time the Way leading from Clink Street, in the said Liberty, to the River Side.

121. An act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

122. An act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market Cross, in the Town of Wareham, and in Purbeck, in the County of Dorset.

123. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and from Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset.

124. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley Mill, in the said County.

125. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Gateforth, Anston, Aston, Handsworth, and Darnall, to the North-east End of Attercliffe, in the County of York, where the same joins the Turnpike Road from Bawtry to Sheffield.

126. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from Liverpool to Preston, in the County of Lancaster.

127. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from The Little Bridge, over the End of the Drain next Wisbeach River, lying between Roper’s Fields, and The Bell Inn, in Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, to the Sign of The Bear, in Walsoken, in the County of Norfolk; and from Walsoken Bridge, lying over the same Drain, to the said Sign of The Bear, and to Lord’s Bridge, in Islington; and from thence to the West Ends of Maudlin Bridge and German’s Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and from the East End of German’s Bridge aforesaid, to the West End of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the Borough of King’s Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk; and from Islington aforesaid, to Cross Keys Wash, in the said County.

128. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near Great Torrington, in the County of Devon.

129. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall.

130. An act for more effectually repairing the Road from The Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford.

131. An act for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey, and Christ Church, in the County of Surrey; and for watching and lighting the said Roads.

132. An act for enlarging the Term of two Acts of the fifth and ninth Years of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the repairing of the Roads from Wat's Cross to Cowden, and from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurst Hatch Corner, and from Penshurst Town to Southborough, in the County of Kent.

133. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the fifth and seventh Years of his present Majesty for repairing certain Roads, therein mentioned, leading from Chartteris Ferry to the Town of Wisbech Saint Peter's, in the Isle of Ely, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned.

134. An act for enlarging the Term of an Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road at Kipping’s Cross, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of Brenchley, Horsmonsden and Goudhurst, by the Left Hand Side of Iden Green, to the Turnpike Road on Wilsley Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke; and from a Place near Goudhurst Gore, through the Parish of Marden, to Stile Bridge, in the said Parish; and from Underden Green, in Marden aforesaid, to Wanshutt’s Green, in the County of Kent.

135. An act for amending and widening several Roads leading from and through the Town of Wiveliscombe, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads adjoining or sear thereto.

136. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year if his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Port Town and Borough of Minehead, and from Dunster and Watchet, in the County of Somerset.

137. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Great Grimsby Haven, at or near a Place called The Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton Church, and from Nuns Farm to The Mill Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of Lincoln.

138. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, and also of two Acts made, one in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the other in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, so far as the said two Acts relate to the Road from Spittlegate Hill to Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln.

139. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Flookersbrook Bridge, within the Township of Newton, near Chester, to the South End of Wilderspool causeway, and from the Market Town of Frodsham to Ashton Lane End, in the Township of Ashton, in the County of Chester.

140. An act for continuing and amending an Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of the Coach and Horses in Birstall, to the Turnpike Road at Nunbrook, and from Bradley Lane to the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

141. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham to Hainton, in the County of Lincoln; and from North Willingham to the North End of the Lane betwixt Dexthorpe and Langton; and from West Raisin to Pilford Bridge; and from the great Read near Bishop Bridge to Bishop Norton Common; and from the Hamlet of Morton to Epworth; and from Hexey Field to the Trent, at Kinnald Ferry, in the said County of Lincoln, as relates to the first and second Districts of Roads therein described.

142. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road, from the North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York.

143. An act to continue the Term of two Acts made in the thirteenth and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road between Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham.

144. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the City of York, by Grimston Smithy, to Kexby Bridge, and from Grimston Smithy aforesaid to a certain Gate at the upper End of Garraby Hill, in the County of York.

145. An act for continuing the Term of an Act, of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Town of Tenterden, to and over Bull Green, and to and through the Town of Great Chart, to a House known by the Sign of the Castle, at the Entrance of the Town of Ashford, in the County of Kent; and also the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid to Hothfield Heath; and also the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid through High Halden, to Dashmanden, in the Parish of Biddenden, in the said County of Kent.

146. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Barton Waterside House to Riseham Hedge Corner, and several other Roads in the County of Lincoln therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Old Bridge, in the Town of Brigg, in the said County, to Wrawby Bar and Bigby Bar, in the said Town; and also the Road from the End of the said Turnpike Road at Caistor, in the said County of Lincoln, to the South Gate, in the said Town of Caistor.

147. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Godstone, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the Parish of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex.

148. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, through Husband’s Bosworth and Great Wigston, to Milston Lane, in the Town of Leicester.

149. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Brimington and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, over the High Moors, to the several Places therein mentioned.

150. An act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen, and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County, so far as relates to the Llandilo District of the said Roads, and for amending and keeping in Repair several other Roads in the said County.

151. An act for making, repairing, and widening the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfreton, to Tibshelf in the same County, and also a Branch from the same Road, at or near Shirland Lodge, to Higham, in the said County.

152. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the twelfth and thirty-first Years of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road from Chesterfield to Worksop.

153. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Woor to Chester, near the Town of Namptwich, in the County of Chester, and from Chesterton, through Audley and Balterley, to Ghorsty Hill.

154. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Wat’s Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone.

155. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the Road from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

156. An act to enlarge the Term and alter the Powers of an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Quay at Lymington in the County of Southampton.

157. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of die fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Wadhurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen’s Hill, in the County of Kent; and from the Top of Pullen’s Hill, through the Parishes of Horlmonden, Marden, Yalden, and West Farley, to West Farley Street, in the said County of Kent.

158. An act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the repairing and widening the Road leading from the River at Swathling, through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sherrill Heath, in the County of Southampton.

159. An act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Bridge called James Deeping Stone Bridge, to Peter’s Gate, in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from thence to the South End of the Town of Morcot, in the County of Rutland.

160. An act for more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair, so much of the Road from the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the City of Carlisle, as is within the County of Northumberland.
