Public Acts passed in 1787, 27 George 3 c.1 - c.95.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 15.
---

1. An Act to render more effectual the Laws now in being for suppressing unlawful Lotteries.

2. An act to enable his Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature on the Eastern Coast of New South Wales, and the Parts adjacent.

3. An act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

4. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

5. An act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

6. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, and to render the Provisions thereof more effectual.

8. An act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

9. An act for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets, between Great Britain and the Port of Waterford in the Kingdom of Ireland, by way of Milford Haven.

10. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

11. An act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for making perpetual so much of am Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for the reviving and continuing several Acts therein mentioned, as relates to the building and repairing County Gaols; and also an Act of the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy; and for making more effectual the Act of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing Articles and Orders for the regulating and better Government of his Majesty's Ships of War and Forces by Sea" as gives discretionary Power to Magistrates to commit Vagrants, and other Criminals, Offenders, and Persons charged with small Offences, either to the common Gaol or House of Correction.

12. An act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Right Honourable Sir John Skynner Knight, late Lord Chief Baron of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services, and of his faithful and upright Conduct in the Execution of that Office.

13. An act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt.

14. An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Walls of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties thereof; and also several Streets and other Places near or adjoining to the said City; and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and, Annoyances therein.

15. An act for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry, over the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Saundby, in the County of Nottingham.

16. An act for making perpetual two Acts, passed in the fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

17. An act for rebuilding the Chapel of East Stonehouse, in the County of Devon.

18. An act for making perpetual an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Proceedings of the Court of Justiciary and Circuit Courts in Scotland.

19. An act to enforce and render more effectual several Acts passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and other Acts made for the Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

20. An act for varying and extending the Powers of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

21. An act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to purchase, of the Proprietors of Coal Mines and Coal Works on the Estate of Pitferran, in the County of Fife, the Right of Exemption from Payment of the Duty on Coals exported.

22. An act for Sale of certain Houses and Ground belonging to his Majesty.

23. An act for raising a Certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

24. An act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

25. An act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

26. An act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

27. An act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

28. An act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Glass imported into Great Britain, and for altering the Mode of charging the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain.

29. An act for obviating Objections to the Competency of Witnesses in certain cases.

30. An act for laying additional Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Persons dealing by Retail in Spirituous Liquors.

31. An act for making Allowances to the Dealers in foreign Wines for the Stock of certain foreign Wines in their Possession, at a certain Time, upon which the Duties on Importation have been paid; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise.

32. An act for making further Provisions in regard to such Vessels as are particularly described in an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for extending the said Act to other Vessels and Boats not particularly described therein; for taking off the Duties on Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported; for laying an additional Duty on foreign Geneva imported; for taking off the Duty on Ebony the Growth of Africa, imported into this Kingdom; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs.

33. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

34. An act to amend an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, to sell and dispose of certain Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within their Survey; and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy; and so enable the said Chancellor and Council to discharge Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said Duchy.

35. An act for appointing Commissioners farther to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several publick Offices therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices.

36. An act to continue several Laws relating to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax imported.

37. An act for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers.

38. An act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time.

39. An act for appointing Commissioners further to esquire into the Lodes and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

40. An act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

41. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

42. An act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for the Relief of Purchasers.

43. An act for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made use of in the Court of Session of the County Palatine of Chester; and for taking of Special Bail in Actions and Suits depending in the same Court.

44. An act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in Ecclesiastical Courts.

45. An act for rebuilding the Pier of Margate in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, establishing, and recovering certain Duties, in lieu of the ancient and customary Droits, for the Support and Maintenance of the said Pier; for widening, paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Highways, and Publick Passages in the Town of Margate, and Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in the said Isle of Thanet; for settling the Rates of Porters, Chairmen, Carters, and Carmen within the said Town; and for preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

46. An act for continuing the Term of two Acts made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty George the Second, and the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof

47. An act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

48. An act to enable the East India Company to continue their Warehouses already built, and to build new Warehouses, exceeding certain Dimensions, freed and discharged from the Regulations and Directions contained in an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls; and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places, within the weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex; and for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders and other Persons against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable for erecting Buildings within the Limits aforesaid contrary to Law.

49. An act for dividing the Parish of Saint James, in the City and County of Bristol, and County of Gloucester, and for building a Church, and providing a Coemetery or Church-yard, and Parsonage House within the new Parish.

50. An act to enable his Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

51. An act for making a Road from Saint Bernard's Street, in the Town of Leith, to the Foot of Leith Walk, in the County of Edinburgh; and for widening and enlarging certain Streets in the City of Edinburgh, and the Avenues leading to the same; and for amending two several Acts passed, relative to the said City, in the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth Years of his present Majesty's Reign.

52. An act for better lighting and watching the Village of Camberwell, in the County of Surrey, and certain Roads and other Places adjoining or near thereto.

53. An act for better draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham.

54. An act to render effectual the Purchase of a House, situate in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, to be used as an additional Workhouse for the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster; and for other Purposes.

55. An act for altering and extending the Line of the Cut or Canal authorised to be made and maintained by so much of several Acts made in the eighth, eleventh, thirteenth, and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as authorises the making and maintaining a navigable Cue or Canal from the Frith or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Frith or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton; and also a collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; for deepening the said Cut or Canal; and for explaining and amending so much of the said Acts as relates to the making and maintaining the said Cut or Canal.

56. An act for enabling the Magistrates and Town Council of Paisley to improve the Navigation of the River Cart, and to make a navigable Cut or Canal across the Turnpike Road leading from Glasgow to Greenock

57. An act for continuing and amending several Acts made in the third Year of the Reign of King George the First, the tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church and making a Harbour there; and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and exported into and out of the Port of the said Town, for the better repairing of the said Harbour; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other publick Places, within the said Town, and widening the Streets, where necessary, and removing and preventing Nuisances therein.

58. An act for vesting the Scite, Buildings, and other the Premiles, belonging to the old Gaol or Prison of the County of Sussex in Trustees, for the Purpose of conveying the same to the Right Honourable Frances Viscountess Irwin, and her Heirs; and to declare the new Gaol or Prison lately built to be the Common Gaol for the said County.

59. An act for making and declaring the Gaol for the County of Devon, called the High Gaol, a Publick and Common Goal; and for discharging Denys Rolle and John Rolle Esquires, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, from the Office of Keeper of the said Gaol; and for improving and enlarging the same, or building a new one; and also for taking down the Chapel in the Castle of Exeter; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

60. An act for building a new Gaol, and providing a proper Prison for Debtors, and House of Correction, for the several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and all other Places, within the County of Stafford, and for regulating the same respectively.

61. An act for taking down the Guild-hall or Town-hall in the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and rebuilding the same.

62. An act for taking down and rebuilding the Chapel of Hanley, in the County of Stafford; for vesting the Right of Nomination in Trustees; and for enlarging the Chapel Yard; and other Purposes.

63. An act for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of Saint Mary Wanstede alias Wanstead, in the County of Essex.

64. An act for building a new Chapel upon Portsmouth Common, in the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton.

65. An act for confirming a Charter or Letters Patent granted by his Majesty to the Royal College and Corporation of Surgeons of the City of Edinburgh, so far as relates to a Scheme of raising a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Members of the said Corporation, and of their Clerk, with certain Alterations; and for establishing the said Scheme, and impowering the Corporation, and the Trustees and Officers elected for managing the Fund, effectually to carry the said Scheme into Execution.

66. An act for dividing and inclosing the Low Lands and Common Fens, within the Hamlet of Martin, in the Parish of Timberland, and within the Parish of Blankney, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and preserving the Low Lands and Fens within the said Hamlet of Martin, and Parish of Blankney, and within the Hamlet of Linwood, in the said Parish of Blankney.

67. An act for the better repairing, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, of and in the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, and in the several Parishes of Saint Peter the Apostle, Saint Mary the Virgin, and Saint Clement, in the said Town, Port, and County; and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances, in the said Highways, Streets, and Lanes, and on the common Quay belonging to the said Town and Port, and in the Haven adjoining to the said Quay, and the Bridge built over the said Haven s and for regulating the Births and Mooring-places of Vessels at the said Quay, and the proper Times for Vessels to pass through the said Bridge.

68. An act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of Pucklechurch and Mangotsfield, in the County of Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge, in the County of Wilts; and from Pucklechurch aforesaid, to certain Coal Mines in the said Parish.

69. An act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts made in the tenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the sixteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Part of Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of Essex; and for repairing and widening the Road from Epping, through the Parishes of Northweald Bassett, Bobbingworth, High Ongar, Chipping Ongar, and Shelley, to the Four Want Way, in the said Parish of Shelley, and from thence through the Parishes of High Ongar and Norton Mandeville, to the Parish of Writtle, in the said County.

70. An act for enlarging the Term of an Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Wrotham Heath, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey.

71. An act for making, maintaining, and repairing a Road, from the Well End of the Bridge, intended to be built at or near the Ferry over the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to the Parish of Saundby, in the County of Nottingham, through the several Parishes of Saundby, Beckingham, Bole, North Wheatley, Hayton, and Clareborough, to East Retford, all situate in the said County of Nottingham; with a Side Branch from the Boundary Gate, between the said Parishes of Beckingham and Saundby, through the said Parish of Beckingham, and the Parish of Gringley on the Hill, in the same County, to the Town of Gringley on the Hill aforesaid.

72. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, in the County of Sussex, through Etchingham and Burwash, to the Extent of the said Parish of Burwash, in the said County.

73. An act for continuing the Term of three Acts, of the thirteenth Year of King George the First, the twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, and the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Birmingham, through Wednesbury, to High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to The Port Way, at the End of Darlstlon Lane, next to Bilston, and to Nether Trindle, near Dudley, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Stafford; and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from Trouse Lane, in the Parish of Wednesbury, to Darlaston, in the County of Stafford.

74. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Keyberry Bridge to the Passage at Shalldon, and from the said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torkey, in the County of Devon.

75. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Brecon; and for amending certain other Roads in the said County.

76. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Nottingham to the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham.

77. An act for continuing and amending an Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, so far as the same relates to the Roads from The Hand and Post at the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook; and from The Cross Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to The Hand and Post in the Parish of Withington, in the County of Gloucester.

73. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the first Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill.

79. An act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to The March-burn.

80. An act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act of the second Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kipping’s Cross, in the County of Kent, to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen’s Hill, in the said County, and to Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex; and also for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Lamberhurst Pound aforesaid, through East Lane, and by Hope Mill, to the Turnpike Road at Clay Hill, in the Parish of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent.

81. An act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Read leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, through Henley, in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, Agmondesham, and Cheynes, in the County of Bucks, and Rickmansworth, Watford, and Saint Albans, to Hatfield, in the County of Hertford; and also the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through Bysham, to or near the Thirty Mile Stone, in the Turnpike Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading.

82. An act for continuing and amending three Acts of the thirteenth Year of King George the First, the twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, and the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from a Place called The Nether Trindle, near Dudley, to Kingswinford, and to the further End of Brittel Lane, within the Counties of Stafford and Worcester; and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from or near to The Nether Trindle aforesaid, to Tipton Green, in the said Counties.

83. An act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road leading from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge; and for altering the Course of the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge; and for repairing the Road from Redburn Bridge to Bonny Water, and from thence to or near Loanhead, in the County of Stirling, there to join the Turnpike Road leading from Falkirk to Kilsyth.

84. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Road from the Pinfold in Balby, in the County of York, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham.

85. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Shrewsbury to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to Shreyhill, in the County of Salop; and for repairing several other Roads in the said County.

86. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley, by Molscroft, to Kendal House, and from Molscroft to Bainton Balk, in the County of York.

87. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Ashborne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor to Tutbury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford.

88. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from High Bridges in the County of Stafford to Uttoxeter, and from Spath to Hanging Bridge, and from Tewnall’s Lane to Yoxall Bridge, in the said County, so far as the same relates to the two Districts of Road therein described.

89. An act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed by Ayton Bridge, and the New Bridge over the Pees or Pass of Cockburnspath, to Dunglass Bridge, and also the Roads leading from Billie causeway and Preston Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Cockburnspath Tower, in the County of Berwick.

90. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Muckley Corner to Walsall and Wednesbury, and to Leigh Brook and Ocker Hill, and several other Roads in the County of Stafford, so far as the same relates to the two first Districts of Road therein comprized.

91. An act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from High Bullen in Wednesbury, io the further End of Darlaston Lane, next The Portway, and from thence through Bilston, to the further End of Gibbet Lane, and several other Roads leading to and from Bilston, in the County of Stafford.

92. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the twelfth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Seconder repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln.

93. An act for amending and widening the Roads from the City of Chester to the Woodside Ferry, in the Township of Birkenhead, in the County of Chester; and from the said City to the Assembly House in Parkgate, in the Township of Great Neston, in the said County; and from Great Neston aforesaid, to the said Woodside Ferry; and from the Road leading from the City of Chester to Parkgate aforesaid, to the Road leading from the same City to the said Woodside Ferry.

94. An act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hursley, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover, to the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond, and Newtown River; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the South End of Bartholomew-Street, in the said Town of Newbury, to the Turnpike Road at Speenhamland, in the said County of Berks.

95. An act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging, the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road, from a Place near the Village of Milford, through Haslemere, to the Portsmouth Road between Lippock and Rake, in the several Counties of Surry, Sussex, and Southampton.
