Public Acts passed in 1788, 28 George 3 c.1 - c.115.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 15.
---

1. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

3. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

4. An Act for charging an additional Duty on Spirits manufactured in Scotland, and imported into England.

5. An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

6. An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Colonies, and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America; and between his Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the West Indies.

7. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the fifteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the counterfeiting of Gold and Silver Lace, and for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, and for the better making of Gold and Silver Thread.

8. An Act for removing any Doubt respecting the Power of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, to direct that the Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining such Troops as may be judged necessary for the Security of the British Territories and Possessions in the East Inches, should be defrayed out of the Revenues arising from the said Territories and Possessions; and for limiting the Application of the said Revenues in the Manner therein mentioned.

9. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable George Earl Brooke and Earl of Warwick, to build a new Bridge over the River Avon, in the Borough of Warwick, and to open proper Roads and Ways thereto.

10. An Act for pulling down the Church of Saint James at Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a new Church, and making a new Church-yard, or Cemetery, in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages thereto.

11. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

12. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

13. An Act for enlarging and varying some of the Powers contained in certain Acts of Parliament relating to the watching, lighting, and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the Town of Liverpool, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

14. An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor or Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln.

15. An Act for supplying with Water the Town of South Shields, and Parts adjacent, and the Shipping resorting to the said Town.

16. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the second and third Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act against the carrying of White Ashes out of the Realm.

17. An Act for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Ounce Thread.

18. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

19. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

20. An Act for amending an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery, and for making further provisions for that Purpose.

21. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery.

22. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments: and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

23. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excite; to the more effectually encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the preventing the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of infection thereby; and to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be confirmed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

24. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking oft the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for continuing and amending several Laws relating to the Imprisonment and Transportation of Offenders.

25. An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for erecting certain Light-houses, in the Northern Parts of Great Britain.

26. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

27. An Act for reducing the Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of the European Dominions of the States General of the United Provinces, into this Kingdom.

28. An Act to exempt certain Licences, granted to Stipendiary Curates, from Stamp Duties.

29. An Act to enable the East India Company to borrow a further Sum of Money upon Bond.

30. An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to license Theatrical Representations occasionally, under the Restrictions therein contained.

31. An Act for appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

32. An Act for vesting the Estates of Edward Henvill in Trustees to be sold; and for applying the Money arising by the Sale thereof in Discharge of a Debt owing by him to the Crown.

33. An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs and Excise payable on the Importation and Exportation of Wine (except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain), and for granting other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof; to repeal the Duty of Excise upon foreign Green Glass Bottles imported, and for charging an additional Duty of Customs in lieu thereof; for ascertaining the Duty on Carriages, the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported directly from thence; for obviating a Doubt with respect to the Duties on white Woollen Cloths exported; and for reserving to his Majesty the hereditary and other Revenues of the Crown in Scotland.

34. An Act more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs.

35. An Act to enable his Majesty to make such Regulations as may be necessary to prevent the Inconvenience which might arise from the Competition of his Majesty's Subjects and those of the Most Christian King, in carrying on the Fishery on the Coasts of the Island of Newfoundland.

36. An Act for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections.

37. An Act for repealing the Duties on Buck or Deer Skins undressed, Buck or Deer Skins Indian half-dressed, and Elk Skins undressed, imported, and on Hides and Skins dressed in Oil in this Kingdom, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for laying a Duty on Stuffs printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain; allowing Deer and other Skins, the Produce of Florida, to be sold by Auction free from the Duty charged on such Sales; for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise and to prevent the Sale of Sweets for Consumption in the Houses of Retailers thereof, who shall not have Licences to sell Beer or Ale.

38. An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, several Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Woolsels, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn, and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool slightly wrought up or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made use of as Wool again, Mattrasses or Beds stuffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing, Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco-pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into foreign Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for the Winding of Wool.

39. An Act to allow the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, from his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and Restrictions.

40. An Act for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

41. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Most Noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Albans.

42. An Act for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of Lady Maria Carlton, Wife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir Guy Carlton, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to his Majesty and this Country.

43. An Act for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Brook Watson Esquire, late Commissary General in North America, in consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services in that Office.

44. An Act for appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

45. An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Hay.

46. An Act for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption; and for granting and securing the Due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirit; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time) certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies.

47. An Act for allowing further Time for Enrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

48. An Act for the better Regulation of Chimney-Sweepers, and their Apprentices.

49. An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to act as such, in certain Cases, out of the Limits of the Counties in which they actually are.

50. An Act to amend, and continue, for a limited Time, an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers.

51. An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of so much of two Acts passed in the eleventh and fifteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis,from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers from the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the said Town of Cricklade.

52. An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

53. An Act to indemnify and save harmless all Persons who may have incurred Penalties or Forfeitures under an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to dissolve the present and prevent the future Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, Masters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade; and also an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade; and for the better preventing of Combinations in the Trade of Coals.

54. An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the Shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

55. An Act for the better and more effectual Protection of Stocking Frames, and the Machines or Engines annexed thereto, or used therewith; and for the Punishment of Persons destroying or injuring of such Stocking Frames, Machines, or Engines, and the Framework knitted Pieces, Stockings, and other Articles and Goods used and made in the Hosiery or Framework-knitted Manufactory; or breaking or destroying any Machinery contained in any Mill or Mills used or any way employed in preparing or spinning of Wool or Cotton for the Use of the Stocking Frame.

56. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating insurances on Ships, and on Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects; and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purpose, in lieu thereof.

57. An Act for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches or other Carriages.

58. An Act for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith; for making a new Bason, Quays, Wharfs, or Docks; for building Warehouses; for making new Roads and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour; and for empowering the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas; and to borrow Money for these Purposes.

59. An Act for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keel men employed on the River Tyne, who by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families; and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of Rich Skippers and Keel men.

60. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Parish of Christ Church, in Middlesex; and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane as are not within the said Parish.

61. An Act for continuing an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and to the Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, and for further enlarging the said Harbour: and for lighting the said Town, and applying the same with Water; and for regulating the Carmen there; and for repealing so much of an Act of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the Road from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and directing how the said Road shall be repaired; and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned in the said County.

62. An Act for pulling down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Peter le Poor, within the City of London, and for widening the Street adjacent.

63. An Act for charging several Estates in the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and Durham, settled upon the late Charles Radcliffe deceased, for Life, with Remainder to his first and other Sons, in Tail Male, with the Payment of a clear yearly Rent Charge of two thousand five hundred Pounds, payable to the Grandson of the said Charles Radcliffe, the Right Honourable Anthony sames Earl of Newburgh, and the Heirs Male of his Body to be begotten.

64. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Town of Cambridge; for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances; and for widening the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages within the said Town.

65. An Act for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Annoyances, and other Nuisances, within the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof; and for licensing and better regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, and the Owners, Drivers, and Carriers thereof respectively, and Porters, and other Persons, within and for certain Distances round the said City and Liberties; and for better regulating the Shipping and Trade, and the Rivers, Wharfs, Backs, and Quays, and the Markets within the same City and Liberties; and for other Purposes.

66. An Act for regulating Buildings and Party Walls, within the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof.

67. An Act for widening and rendering commodious a certain Street called Broad Street, within the City of Bristol; and for enlarging the Council House and Guildhall of the said City, and providing Publick Offices thereto, and Repositories for the Books, Papers, and Records of the said City.

68. An Act for enabling the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the same, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, to open, widen, and better regulate the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages within the bast Division in the said Act described.

69. An Act for taking down the present Court House and Gaol, and erecting and building a new Court House and Gaol, in and for the Town and County of Inverness; and for appropriating the Sum of one thousand Pounds out of the unexhausted Balance, or Surplus, arising from the Forfeited Estates in North Britain, towards erecting and building the same.

70. An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Rea, at the Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and widening the Avenues thereto; and for widening and varying the Course of the said River near the said Bridge, and making a Weir and other necessary Works to prevent the lower Part of the said Town from being overflowed.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Marsh called Malldraeth and Corsddaugau, in the County of Anglesey, and for embanking the said Marsh; and for making Cuts, Channels, and other Works, for draining and preserving the same; and for allowing the free Use of such Cuts or Channels, with Boats or other Vessels, upon the Payment of certain Rates, to be applied towards supporting the said Embankments and Works.

72. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from Pentre Rock near the Town of Flint, to Greenfield, in the County of Flint.

73. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Canal at Donnington Wood, in the County of Salop, to or near a Place called Southall Bank, and from thence by two several Branches to communicate with the River Severn, one near Coalbrook Dale, and the other near Madeley Wood, in the said County, and also certain collateral Cuts to join such Canal.

74. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, and for enlarging the Churchyard of the said Parish.

75. An Act for paving the Footways, and cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other Publick Passages. and Places within the Borough of Hertford, and removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

76. An Act for raising further Sums of Money for the better Relief of the Poor of the City and County of the City of Exon, and to explain and amend an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the said City and County, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there.

77. An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near the Town and Borough of Derby, and for improving the Avenues or Approaches thereto.

78. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of two Acts of the twelfth and nineteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, made for building a temporary Bridge, and completing a new Stone Bridge, over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the County of Durham, and making the Avenues to and the Passages over the same more commodious; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, Lanes, or Avenues leading to the said new Stone Bridge, within the Town of Gateshead, in the County of Durham.

79. An Act to enable Sir Benjamin Hammet Knight, to lay out and build a new Street, from Fore Street to the Church of Saint Mary Magdalen, within the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset.

80. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Trent, at or near Sawley Ferry, in the Counties of and Leicester.

81. An Act for incorporating the Governors of the Free Grammar School of the Town and Parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the Foundation of Robert Lever, late of London, Gentleman, deceased; and for enlarging the Trusts and Powers of the said Governors, for the Benefit of the said School.

82. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Gaol of the Castlee of Chester, the Prothonotary’s Office, the Exchequer Record Rooms, and other Offices and Buildings adjoining or near to the said Gaol, and for making proper Yards and Conveniencies thereto.

83. An Act for repairing the Church, of the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex; for repairing and improving the Gates and Avenues leading to the said Church; and for removing the present Watch House, and providing another for the Use of the said Parish.

84. An Act for continuing the Term and varying the Powers of an Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent.

85. An Act for continuing the Term and varying the Powers of an Act, of the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to the Cross Ways near Maresfield Street, in the County of Sussex; and for amending the Road from Florence Farm, in the Parish of Withyham, to Forest Row in the Parish of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex.

86. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Bottom of Whitesheet Hill, through Hurdcot, to the Wilton Turnpike Road at or near Barford, in the County of Wilts.

87. An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Alfreton Turnpike Road near a Place called Little Robins, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through Woolley Moor, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road near Tansley, in the County of Derby, and from Woolley Moor, to the Chesterfield Turnpike Road at Kelstidge, in the said County of Derby.

88. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament for repairing several Roads leading into and near the City of Worcester, and for repairing certain other Roads therein mentioned.

89. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Mansfield and Chesterfield Turnpike Road, near the nine Mile Stone from Mansfield through Temple Normanton, Tupton New Inclosure, and Birkin Lane, to Bunting-Field Nook, in the Parish of Ashover, in the County of Derby.

90. An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of two Acts of Parliament, made in the twentieth and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Catterick Bridge, in the County of York, to Yarm, in the said County; and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham; and from thence through Sedgefield, in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham; and for reducing the said Acts into one; and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road.

91. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross or Market Place in the Town of Wimborne Minster to the Cross or Market Place in the Town of Blandford Forum, in the County of Dorset.

92. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of three Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as relates to that Part of the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Dumbarton, which leads through the County to the Town of Dumbarton.

93. An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Maidstone, through Debtling, to Key Street, in the Parishes of Borden and Bobbing, in the County of Kent.

94. An Act for continuing the Term, and varying some of the Provisions, of an Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Marchwiel, in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, in the County of Flint, to a House in the Possession of Thomas Jenks, in Dodington, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop; and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas, in the County of Chester; and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the said County of Salop.

93. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Hull to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull.

96. An Act for more effectually repairing the Ronds leading from Pool, through Oswestry, to Wrexham; from Knockin to Llanrhaiadr; from Whitehurst's House, in the Road between Oswestry and Wrexham, to Llangollen; and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Salop, and Denbigh; and for discharging the Trustees for repairing the Bala and Dolgelly Roads from the Care of the Road between Llangollen and the Confines of the County of Denbigh, and for making Provision for the future Repair of the said Road.

97. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, of the ninth Year of his present Majesty,repairing and widening the Road from Scole Bridge to the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, and for amending the said Act.

98. An Act for amending, widening, turning, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Walsall to Hamstead Bridge, and the Road leading from the said Town to a Common called Sutton Coldfield, and the Road leading from the said Town to a certain Brook called Park Brook, which divides the Parishes of Walsall and Wolverhampton, all in the County of Stafford.

99. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike, in the Liberty of Blidworth, to The Mile Oak, in the Parish of Kirkby in Ashfield, in the County of Nottingham, and from thence through Pinxton, to Carter Lane, in the Parish of South Normanton, and from Pinxton to the Colliery near Pinxton Green, in the County of Derby.

100. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Leicester and Welford Turnpike Road, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, near Foston Lane, to the Turnpike Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County of Leicester.

101. An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Township of Saltney, in the County of Flint, to the Town of Flint, in the said County.

102. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Merlin's Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of Pembroke.

103. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Township of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Mersey, called Enterclough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby.

104. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Spann Smithy, in the County of Chester, to Talk, in the County of Stafford.

105. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Staplebar to Lingen; and from thence, by Boresford, to Willey's Oak; and from Kingsham to the Kington and Radnor Turnpike Roads near The Rod; and from Lingen aforesaid to Walford, in the County of Hereford.

106. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the Road from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, in the County of York.

107. An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of two Acts passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County.

108. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the Roads from The Red House, near Doncaster, to the South End of Wakefield Bridge, and from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to Weeland, in the Township of Hensall, and from Pontefract to Wentbridge, in the West Riding of the County of York.

109. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Carmarthen to Lampeterpontstephen, in the County of Cardigan; and from Llandovery, in the County of Carmarthen, to Lampeterpontstephen aforesaid.

110. An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Rotherham to The Four Lane Ends near Wortley, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road from The Four Lane Ends aforesaid to Hartcliffe Hill.

111. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of two several Acts of Parliament made and passed in the seventeenth and twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relate to the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through Woor, in the County of Salop, to Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester, and for more effectually repairing, widening, and supporting the same Road; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Northwich, in the said County of Chester, to the Cross in Tarvin aforesaid, as relates to the second and third Districts of Road comprized in the said Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and for including the Road from Pickers Cross to the Turnpike Road leading from Flookersbrook Bridge to Frodsham, in the said third District.

112. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and from Wrexham to Chester, and also from Broughton to Mold, in the County of Flint, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and for making and repairing a Road from the said Wrexham and Chester Road to the Wrexham and Ruthin Road, in the said County of Denbigh.

113. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moors to Leigh, and thence to the Guide Post near Golbourne Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge, and from the said Guide Post to Winwick, and from Newton by Par Stocks to the Guide Post in Parr, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, except from the said Guide Post, near Golbourne Dale to Winwick.

114. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Dumfries by Æ Bridge, to Moffat, in the County of Dumfries.

115. An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from The Bell Inn, at Northfield, in the County of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike, in the Great Turnpike Road leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the same County.

