Public Acts passed in 1789, 29 George 3 c.1 - c.110.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 15.
---

1. An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

2. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

3. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

4. An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of certain Acts of the sixteenth and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk.

5. An Act for the Improvement of Manchester Square, within the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex.

6. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

7. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh; and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the said County.

8. An Act for building a new Shire House for the County of Essex.

9. An Act to repeal two Acts made in the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain.

10. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

11. An Act to enable Mary Alsager, Margaret Alsager, and Judith Alsager, to finish and complete a new Church or Chapel, in the Parish of Barthomley, in the County of Chester, and to endow the same; and to establish a Charity School within the said Parish; and vesting the Right of Presentation to the said Church or Chapel in them, and the future Lords and Ladies of the Manor of Alsager, within the said County.

12. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, widening, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Publick Passages, within the Town of Whitby in the County of York; for preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen, and Porters there; and for making convenient Approaches to the Bridge over the River Esk, within the said Town.

13. An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Execution of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections; and for indemnifying the Persons required to carry the said Act into Execution, from the Penalties they may have incurred in not executing all the Provisions of the said Act.

14. An Act for amending an Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of Saint Mary Wanstede, alias Wanstead, in the County of Essex.

15. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

16. An Act to enable his Majesty to authorise, in case of Necessity, the Importation of Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Livestock, from any of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, into the Province of Quebec, and all the Countries bordering on the Gulf of Saint Laurence, and the Islands within the said Gulf, and to the Coast of Labrador.

17. An Act for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth; and for explaining and amending an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Perth.

18. An Act for repealing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections.

19. An Act for continuing an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time.

20. An Act for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour within the same.

21. An Act for altering the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting Piers and other Works for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in repair.

22. An Act to amend and render effectual an Act of the thirty-first Year of King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South-east by the Hard Lands of Isleham, Fordham, Soham, and Wicken; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to sell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands; and for laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, towards supporting the Banks thereof.

23. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and in the first, fifth, and seventh Years of the Reign of King George the First, and in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for rebuilding, repairing, and amending the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the County of York.

24. An Act for rebuilding the Market House of the Town of Llanfyllin, in the County of Montgomery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and defraying the Expence thereof, by Sale of certain Waste Lands in the Townships of Globwlch and Bachau, in the said County.

25. An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, by the Name and Style of The Northumberland Fishery Society; and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a Capital Joint Stock for more effectually supporting, conducting, and increasing such Fishery.

26. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen; and for regulating their Trade.

27. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, improving, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, and for repairing the Highways, within the Parish of Saint Clement, in the Town and Port of Hasting, in the County of Sussex; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments, within the said Town and Port.

28. An Act for appropriating the Sum of three thousand Pounds, out of the unexhausted Balance Or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, to be applied by the Highland Society of Scotland at Edinburgh to publick Uses in that Part of the Kingdom.

29. An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Highworth, in the County of Wilts; and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish.

30. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing the Church of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex; for repairing and improving the Gates and Avenues leading to the said Church; and for removing the present Watch-house, and providing another for the use of the said Parish.

31. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Chad, in the Town of Shrewsbury and County of Salop; and for providing a new Cemetery or Burial Ground, and making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church and Cemetery.

32. An Act for embanking and draining certain Fens and Low Lands in the Parishes of Nocton and Potterhanworth, in the County of Lincoln; and in the Parish of Branston, in the County of the City of Lincoln.

33. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

34. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

35. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

36. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

37. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities.

38. An Act for opening a new Street from Fleet Street to Temple Street in the City of London, and also a publick Passage from such new Street towards Water Lane; and for stopping up or altering certain Courts, Alleys, or Passages, and letting out others near to or communicating with such new Street and Passage.

39. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Lune, and for building a Quay or Wharf near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

40. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution or Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Lime limited by Law; and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

41. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes.

42. An Act for applying the Sum of one thousand Pounds out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, towards completing and finishing the Bridge over the Pees or Pass of Cockburnspath, in the County of Berwick.

43. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbours of the Town of Greenock; for supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and wholesome Water; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other publick Places within the said Town.

44. An Act for paving the Footways of the several Streets, publick Passages, and Places, with the Town of Chelmsford, and Hamlet of Moulsham, in the Parish of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Town and Hamlet; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Incroachments therein.

45. An Act for amending and continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better Regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption; and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies and to revive and continue the said last mentioned Act.

46. An Act for preventing the wilfully burning or destroying Ships, and the wilfully and maliciously destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods, or any Implements prepared for or used in the Manufacture thereof, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

47. An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, and erecting a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead.

48. An Act for constituting the Church of Saint Giles, in the Parish of Pontefract, in the County of York, the Parish Church; and for other Purposes.

49. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with four Wheels; and for explaining and amending an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with two or three Wheels, therein mentioned.

50. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Newspapers, Advertisements, and on Cards and Dice.

51. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Probates of Wills, Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate divided by force of the Statute of Distributions.

52. An Act to give further Powers to the Commissioners for erecting certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain.

53. An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries.

54. An Act for further continuing an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

55. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relative to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed in Great Britain; to securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the prohibiting the Importation of foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

56. An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the last Session Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West-India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America; and between his Majesty's said Subjects and the foreign Islands in the West Indies.

57. An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers.

58. An Act for better regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain; and also for better regulating the Exportation of Starch, and the Importation of Rape Seed.

59. An Act for allowing the like Drawback on Teas exported to the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, and to Gibraltar, and other Places on the Continent of Europe, and to Africa, as is now allowed on Teas exported to Ireland or America.

60. An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Coffee, imported by the East-India Company, in the Ship Lord Camden, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

61. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

62. An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Possessions, during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

63. An Act to exempt all Piece Goods wove in this Kingdom, and which shall be sold by Auction, from the Duty imposed on such Sales; for exempting Persons licensed to retail Spirituous Liquors from the Payment of the Duties imposed on such Licences, who shall leave off retailing such Liquors before the Expiration of the Time for which such Licences shall be granted; and for obliging Persons who shall deal in Brandy, not being Retailers, Rectifiers, or Distillers, to take out Licences for that Purpose.

64. An Act to authorise the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, to appoint two of the Commissioners of the Customs in England, and one of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, to enquire into the annual Amount of the Emoluments of Officers of the Customs, and other Persons employed in that Revenue.

65. An Act to enable the East India Company to raise Money by further increasing their Capital Stock.

66. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

67. An Act for the more effectual Execution of the Laws respecting Gaols.

69. An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff; and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

69. An Act for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Town and Liberty of Faversham, in the County of Kent, and also certain Places near or adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fen and Ings in the Parish of Dunstan, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving certain Parts thereof, and also certain inclosed Low Lands in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Metheringham, in the said County.

71. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watching such Streets and other publick Places within that Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, which lies on the North and South Sides of the New Road, leading from Paddington to Islington, called Sommers Town, and is now actually leased to Jacob Leroux Esquire, for building upon, or that may be hereafter leased for the like Purpose; and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein.

72. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from or near the Borough of Andevor, in the County of Southampton, to or near Redbridge, in the Parish of Millbrook, in the said County.

73. An Act for protecting and securing the Hot Baths and Springs within the City of Bath from Injury by Incroachments and Annoyances; for enlarging or rebuilding the present Pump Rooms there; for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and publick Passages, and for making certain new Streets and Passages, to render the Approaches to the said Hot Baths, Springs, and Pump Rooms, more safe and commodious.

74. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from or from near to Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge; and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal at or near Codner Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said County.

75. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster; for repairing the Highways, regulating the Beadles, Watch, and Patrol; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within several of the Streets and other publick Passages and Places within the said Parish; and for other Purposes relating to the said Parish.

76. An Act for reviving certain Powers granted by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the open Parts of the District called The Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, as lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned,) and by an Act of the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for amending the said former Act, and for making the said two Acts more effectual.

77. An Act for continuing and making more effectual the Acts of Parliament, for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the Harbour of Southwold, in the County of Suffolk.

78. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of West Haddlesey, Chapel Haddlesey, and East Haddlesey, and Temple Hirst, in the Parish of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York.

79. An Act for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow in the County of Lanark, to Muirkirk in the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar in the County of Dumfries; and other Roads communicating therewith.

80. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the Sea, to the City of Durham, in the County of Durham.

81. An Act for altering, raising, widening, repairing and preserving the Road leading from the Town of Bishop Wearmouth, near Sunderland, in the County of Durham, to the Town of Norton, near Stockton, in the said County.

82. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of three Acts made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening Old Street Road in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and also for repairing and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Worship Street to Crown Street, along the East Side of Moorfields.

83. An Act for enlarging the Terms of three Acts made in the second, seventeenth, and twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Coleshill, through the City of Lichfield and the Town of Stone, to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Road leading towards Chester, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, and City and County of the City of Lichfield; and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Stafford.

84. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the ninth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing end widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road at Golford Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Sandhurst, and from The Green near Benendon Church, to the Bull Inn, at Rovelden Cross, in the County of Kent.

85. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to Beggar’s Bush, in the Turnpike Road leading from Turnbridge Wells to Maresfield, in the County of Sussex.

86. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Wakefield to the Town of Abberford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

87. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Grateney, by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and the Road from Corsenarget to Wanlockhead, in the said County of Dumfries.

88. An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual several Acts for repairing the Road from Hertfordbridge Hill to the Town of Basingstoke, and also the Road from Hertfordbridge Hill aforesaid to the Town of Odiham, in the County of Southampton; and for extending the Limits of the said last mentioned Road, from the present Termination thereof in the said Town of Odiham, to the Road leading from thence, through the said Town, to the Great Western Road at Bartley Heath, in the said County.

89. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Odiham, in the County of Southampton, to Farnham, in the County of Surrey.

90. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stockenchurch, in the County of Oxford, to Wheatley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Enslow Bridge, and from Wheatley Bridge, to the Mileway leading towards Magdalen Bridge, and from the Mileway leading from Saint Giles’s Church, near the City of Oxford, by Pegbroke to New Woodstock, in the said County; and for making, amending, completing, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Bottom of Cheyney Lane up Headington Hill, to join the present Enslow Branch of Road, in the Parish of Holton, in the said County of Oxford, to be used instead of the present Road up Cheyney Lane and Shotover Hill, to the West End of the Town of Wheatley, and for amending and widening the Road from the West End of the said Town to the said Enslow Branch of Road.

91. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the ninth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through Woor, in the County of Salop, to Nantwich in the County of Chester, and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester, together with a certain other Road therein mentioned, so far as relates to the first District of the said Roads.

92. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts made in the twenty-sixth, twenty-seventh, and thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to certain Roads leading through the Counties of Lanark and Renfrew.

93. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Congleton to Colley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Smithy Green in the Parish of Prestbury, in the County of Chester; and for letting out and making new Roads from Smithy Green aforesaid, to join a Branch from the Leek Turnpike Road at Thatchmarsh Bottom, in the Parish of Hartington, in the County of Derby, and from the first-mentioned Road to the Havannah Mills.

94. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bridge on The Old River at Barton to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk.

95. An Act for more effectually amending, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the late Market House in Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester; and for repealing certain Acts of Parliament, so far as relates to the said Roads, and for amending the Road from Coalbourne Brook, through Wollaston to Churchill Field Corner, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford

96. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield; and from the Place where the Watch-house in Edmonton formerly stood, to the Market Place in Enfield, in the County of Middlesex; and for lighting, watching, and watering Part thereof; and for repealing certain Acts of Parliament relating to the said Roads; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Newington Green to Bush Hill, in the Parish of Edmonton, in the said County.

97. An Act for enlarging the Term of, and amending, an Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shaddon Gate, near Carlisle, to the present Turnpike Road at Mulaside, and from a Place in the said Turnpike Road, between Binsey Mires and North Raw Gate, to join the Turnpike Road at Skillbeck, in the County of Cumberland.

98. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of Peniston, in the County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester.

99. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tarporley, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Acton Bridge, near Weaverham, in the same County.

100. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening toe Road from the Brick Kilns on East Malling Heath to the Turnpike Road on Penbury Green, and from Brand Bridges to the Four Wents, near Marfield Green, in the County of Kent.

101. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Art of the eighth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Buckland Dinham, to the End of the Parish of Timsbury; and also the Road from Midsomer Norton, to the End of the Parish of Norton Saint Phillips; and also the Road from Tucker’s Grave, to the Read leaving from Wellow, to a Place known by the Name of The Red Post, in the County of Somerset; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kilmersdon, in the said County, to join the Road from Buckland Dinham aforesaid, in the Street of Radstock, in the said County.

102. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Cross Hands in Teddington Field, in the Parish of Overbury, in the County of Worcester, to the London Turnpike Road between Evesham and Pershore, in the said County.

103. An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament of the first, seventeenth, and thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the borough of Evesham, and several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester.

104. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, and the Road through the Parish of Bromesberrow, in the County of Gloucester, and Corse Lawn, till it joins the Road from Gloucester to Worcester.

105. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts of the twenty-fourth and twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and of the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and for making the same more effectual.

106. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Hatton, near the Borough of Warwick, through King’s Norton, in the County of Worcester; and to the upper End of Gannow Green, in the Parish of Bromsgrove, and to the Bell Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of Worcester; so far as relates to the Road between the said Turnpike Road at Hatton and Hockley Heath, in the County of Warwick.

107. An Act for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Dwelling-house in Bury, now or late in the Occupation of William Walker, Gentleman, to Haslingden, and from thence to the East End of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn; and also the Road from Haslingden aforesaid to the East End of Cockshut Bridge, in the Town of Whalley; and also the Road from Haslingden aforesaid, through New Church and Bacup, to Todmorden; and for making a Road from the said Road between Bury and Haslingden, in the Township of Walmerfey, to the River Irwell, and for building a Bridge over the said River, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

108. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of three Acts passed in the third and twenty-second Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford; and for amending the Roads to Llancloudy Hill and Langua Bridge, and also for making and keeping in Repair the Roads from the said City of Hereford to Hoarwithy Passage through the several Townships or Places therein mentioned.

109. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to amending and widening the Road from the City of York to the Top of Oswald Kirk Bank, and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road, from the said Road in Sutton Field, through Craike, towards Oulston, to the Extent of the Lordship of Craike, in the County of York.

110. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Heywood, in the Parish of Bury, to a Place called The Land's End, in the Parish of Prestwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

