Public acts passed in 1791, 31 George 3 c.1 - c.137.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol. 37.
---

1. An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon worts, wash, and other liquors, brewed or made in England, for extracting spirits for home consumption; spirits made in Scotland and imported into England and upon Foreign spirits imported into Great Britain; and to continue certain acts for discontinuing, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and others liquors, there used in the distillation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption; and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits.

2. An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon malt.

3. An act to give further time to John Macbride esquire, and his sureties, for entering into their recognizances, in respect of his petition presented to the house of commons, complaining of an undue election and return for the borough of Plymouth, in the county of Devon.

4. An act to continue and amend so much of two acts, made in the last session of parliament, as relates to the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and to the authoring his majesty to permit the exportation of corn, grain, meal, or flour, and to prohibit the importation thereof on the low duties.

5. An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on the amount of the duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes therein mentioned.

6. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

7. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain, duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

8. An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for that purpose.

9. An act for the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

10. An act for altering and amending so much of an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for removing any doubt respecting the power of the commissioners for the affairs of India, to direct that the expense of raising, transporting, and maintaining, such troops as may be judged necessary for the security of the British territories and possessions in the East Indies, Should be defrayed out of the revenues arising from the said territories and possessions; and for limiting the application of the said revenues in the manner therein mentioned, as relates to such directions as shall be given or approved by the said commissioners with respect to the payment of certain proportions of his majesty's forces in India, and of the European forces of the East India company, therein specified.

11. An act for removing any doubt respecting the sale of mortgage of annuities, pursuant to an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to enable the East India company to raise money by sale of annuities, and by increasing their capital stock.

12. An act to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united states.

13. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

14. An act for appointing of for putting in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

15. An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty on sugar imported into this kingdom.

16. An act for defraying the charge of pay and clothing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

17. An act for cleansing, lighting, and watching, and levelling the surfaces of the streets, and other public places, within the hamlets of Deretend and Bordesley in the county of Warwick; and for removing and preventing nuisances, obstructions, and encroachments, and regulating the driving of carts and other carriages used for carrying goods, wares, and merchandises therein.

18. An act to explain and amend an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watching the streets and other public places, within such part of the parish of Saint Pancras in the county of Middlesex, as lies on the west side of Tottenham Court Road; and for preventing nuisances and obstructions therein; and for obliging the trustees for the care of the said road, to pave, repair, and cleanse such part of the said road as is therein described.

19. An act for amending and enlarging the powers of, and rendering more effectual, an act made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for ascertaining and collecting the poor's rates, and for better regulating the poor, in the parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the county of Surrey, and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

20. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, in the parish of Cottingham, in the east riding of the county of York, and for amending an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, and draining certain lands, grounds, and common pastures, in the said parish.

21. An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty on certificates blued with respect to the killing of game.

22. An act for building a new common gaol and session house with accommodations thereto, for the county of Surrey, and for disposing of the present county gaol, and the ground thereto belonging.

23. An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts made, one in the twenty second, and the other in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the harbour of Mary Port, in the county of Cumberland.

24. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor belonging to the town of Oswestry, and to certain parishes within the hundred of Oswestry, in the county of Salop, and to such part of the parish of Llanymynech as lies within the said hundred; and to the parish of Chirk, in the county of Denbigh; and to the parish of Llanfilin, in the counties of Salop and Denbigh.

25. An act for repealing the duties now charged on bills of exchange, promissory notes, and other notes, drafts, and orders, and on receipts; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

26. An act to allow the importation of seal skins cured with foreign salt free of duty, for a limited time.

27. An act for repealing certain duties of excise upon tanned goat skins and sheep skins, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and also certain duties of customs on tanned goat skins imported.

28. An act to enable his Majesty to make compensation to the officers of the late wine licence office, for the loss of their offices.

29. An act for establishing a court of civil jurisdiction in the island of Newfoundland, for a limited time.

30. An act for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn exported.

31. An act to repeal certain parts of an act passed in the fourteenth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for making more effectual provision for the government of the province of Quebec, in North America; and to make further provision for the government of the said province.

32. An act to relieve, upon conditions, and under restrictions, the persons therein described, from certain penalties and disabilities to which papists, or persons professing the popish religion, are by law subject.

33. An act for the payment of the sum of five hundred thousand pounds by the governor and company of the bank of England into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer.

34. An act for enabling his Majesty to settle an annuity of twelve thousand pounds on his royal highness the duke of Clarence, during pleasure.

35. An act to render persons convicted of petty larceny competent witnesses.

36. An act to prevent keels, pan keels, and pan boats, and other boats, and wains and carts being used in the removal or carriage of coals, after having undergone any alterations or repairs, without being first inspected, re-admeasured, marked, and nailed.

37. An act to prohibit the importation into Great Britain of silk crapes and tiffanies of the manufacture of Italy, unless brought directly from thence.

38. An act to amend an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's colonies and plantations in North America and in the West India islands, and the countries belonging to the united states of America; and between his Majesty's said subjects and the foreign islands in the West Indies; and also an act, made in the twenty seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, in the ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the island of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, in the port of Rosea, in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Nassau, in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands, under certain regulations and restrictions.

39. An act for the better regulation and government of seamen employed in the coasting trade of this kingdom.

40. An act for establishing and confirming a certain resolution or order of the governor-general in council of Fort William in Bengal, and all acts done by virtue thereof; and for granting further powers to the said governor-general, during his residence on the coasts of Coromandel and Malabar.

41. An act for granting to his Majesty certain sums of money out of the consolidated fund; for applying certain moneys therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

42. An act for indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution a certain order of council respecting the importation of a limited quantity of saltpetre; for repealing the duties now payable upon the importation of saltpetre; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

43. An act to continue several laws, relating to the granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; to the importing salt from Europe into the province of Quebec in America; to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of British made cordage; to continue and amend several laws relating to the encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland seas and Davis's Straights; and to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of artificers and workmen employed in those manufactures to go into parts beyond the seas; and to make perpetual an act made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to permit the free importation of raw goat skins into this kingdom.

44. An act to continue the several laws therein mentioned, so far as relates to the ascertaining the strength of spirits by Clarke's hydrometer

45. An act for the encouragement of the pilchard fishery, by allowing a further bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

46. An act for the better regulating of gaols, and other places of confinement.

47. An act to prevent other ships than those laden with tobacco from mooring and discharging their lading at the places appointed by an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repealing the duties on tobacco and snuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof; to prohibit the exportation of damaged or mean tobacco; and for permitting the importation of tobacco and snuff into the port of Newcastle upon Tyne.

48. An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

49. An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for defraying the public expenses occasioned by the augmentation of his Majesty's forces, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

50. An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

51. An act for better protecting the several oyster fisheries within this kingdom.

52. An act to continue, for a limited time, an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for further regulating the trade or business of pawnbrokers.

53. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

54. An act to continue for a limited time, and to amend an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to amend and continue, for a limited time, several acts of parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

55. An act for establishing a company for carrying on trade between the kingdom of Great Britain and the coasts, harbours, and countries of Africa; and for enabling the said company to hold, by grant from his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and from the native princes of Africa, a certain district of land, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leone, now vested in his Majesty, or belonging to the said princes, for the better enabling the company to carry on the said trade.

56. An act to more effectually to prevent abuses and frauds committed by persons employed in the manufactures of combing wool and worsted yarn, in the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the said city.

57. An act for building and maintaining a bridewell and correction house in and for the city and county of Edinburgh.

58. An act for the better regulation and government of the company of cutlers, within the liberty of Hallamshire, in the county of York, and within six miles of the said liberty, and of their journeymen and apprentices.

59. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from, or from near to, the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, to communicate with the river Severn, near to the city of Worcester.

60. An act for building a bridge, near the ferry over the river Ouze, from Selby, in the west riding of the county of York, to the opposite shore, in the parish of Hemingborough, in the east riding of the said county.

61. An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, widening, regulating, and improving, a certain street called The Upper Ground Street, in the parish of Christ Church, in the county of Surrey, and certain other streets, lanes, passages, and places, within the said parish; and for removing and preventing encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein; and for shutting up part of an alley or passage leading from Bull Alley to Marygold Court.

62. An act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting the streets, lanes, and other public passages and places, within the King's town of Maidstone, in the county of Kent, for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances and annoyances therein; for better supplying the said town with water, and for repairing the highways within the parish of Maidstone.

63. An act for repealing an act, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for paving of the city of Chichester, and for the better paving, repairing and cleansing, the streets, lanes, and public ways and passages within the walls of the said city, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, and annoyances therein.

64. An act for repairing, paving, and cleansing the highways, streets, and lanes, within the town and borough of Deal, in the county of Kent, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

65. An act for making and maintaining a navigable communication between the Loughborough canal and the town of Leicester, and for making and maintaining a communication by railways or stone roads, and water levels, from several places and mines to the said Loughborough canal, and for continuing the same, by passing along the said canal to the said navigable communication, all in the county of Leicester.

66. An act to enable the earl of Egremont to make and maintain the river Rother navigable from the town of Midhurst to a certain meadow called The Railed Pieces, or Stopham Meadow, in the parish of Stopham, and a navigable cut from the said river to the river Arun, at or near Stopham Bridge, in the county of Sussex, and for other purposes.

67, To enable the company of proprietors of the Thames and Severn canal navigation to borrow a further sum of money to complete the said navigation.

68. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Manchester to or near Presto-lee Bridge, in the township of Little Lever, and from thence, by one branch, to or near the town of Bolton, and by another branch to or near the town of Bury, and to Weddell Brook, in the parish of Bury, all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

69. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Kington, in the county of Hereford, by or through Leominster, to join the river Severn near Stourport Bridge, in the county of Worcester.

70. An act for lighting, cleansing, and watching the streets, lanes, and other publick passages and places, within the township of Stourbridge, in the parish of Old Swinford, in the county of Worcester, and for removing and preventing obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

71. An act for taking down and rebuilding the parish church of All Saints, within the town and county of the town of Southampton and for purchasing land for the purpose of a church yard for the use of the said parish.

72. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundreds of Loes and Wilford, in the county of Suffolk.

73. An act for repairing the parish church of Saffron Walden, in the county of Essex.

74. An act for building a new church in the town of Wakefield, in the west riding of the county of York, and for providing a proper burial ground, and making provision for a minister to officiate in the said church.

75. An act for enlarging the powers of an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for rebuilding the parish church of Saint Chad, in the town of Shrewsbury, and county of Salop; and for providing a new cemetery or burial ground, and making convenient avenues and passages to the said church and cemetery, and for raising a further sum of money for fully effecting the general purposes in the said act mentioned.

76. An act for improving the navigation of the river Ouse, between Newhaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the county of Sussex, and for the better draining of the lowlands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said county.

77. An act for making navigable the rivers Wreak and Eye, from the junction of the said river Wreak with the intended navigation from Loughborough to Leicester, at or near a certain place called Turnwater Meadow, in the lordship of Cossington, to Mill Close Homestead, in the parish of Melton Mowbray, all in the county of Leicester.

78. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor belonging to the several parishes of Ellesmere, Middle, Baschurch, and Hordley, and to the chapelry or district of Hadnal (otherwise Hadnal Ease) in the county of Salop.

79. An act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the town of Dudley, in the county of Worcester, and for better supplying the said town with water.

80. An act for paving the footways of certain streets within the city of Lincoln; for cleansing, lighting, and watching the said streets, and other streets, lanes, and public passages and places, within the said city; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and encroachments therein.

81. An act for embanking and draining certain fen lands and low grounds within the parishes of Chatteris and Dodington, and hamlet of Wimblington, in the said parish of Dodington, in the isle of Ely and county of Cambridge, and for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the commons and waste lands within the said hamlet of Wimblington.

82. An act to continue two acts, made in the fifteenth and thirty first years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny Sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer, which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the town of Kirkaldy and liberties thereof.

83. An act for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the harbour of Swansea, in the county of Glamorgan.

84. An act for building a bridge cross the river Thames from Stanes to Egham, in the counties of Middlesex and Surrey.

85. An act for making and maintaining a canal, or navigable communication, from or near a certain place called Abernant, in the county of Glamorgan, to and through a certain place called The Brickfield, near Melincrythan Pill, into the river of Neath, near the town of Neath, in the said county.

86. An act for enlarging and extending the powers of the present prescriptive market within the town and borough of Lewes, in the county of Sussex, and removing the same to a more convenient place within the said town and borough, or within the precinct of the castle of Lewes aforesaid.

87. An act for the better maintenance and support of the poor of the parish of Sunderland, near the sea, in the county palatine of Durham.

88. An act for confirming an agreement entered into between the company of proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and preserving the navigation of the river Dee, and certain lords of manors, and other persons intitled to right of common upon the wastes and commons, and the old common salt marshes, lying on the south side of the said river, below, or to the north-east of Greenfield Gate, in the county of Flint, and an award made in consequence thereof.

89. An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the city of Hereford to the city of Gloucester, with a collateral cut from the same to the town of Newent, in the county of Gloucester.

90. An act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering repairing, and keeping in repair, Finsbury Square, in the parish of Saint Luke in the county of Middlesex, and part of the manor of Finsbury, and certain other streets and places communicating with, or near to, the said square, and for preventing or removing nuisances and annoyances within the same.

91. An act for draining and dividing a certain moor, or tract of waste land, called King's Sedgmoor, in the county of Somerset.

92. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain large open tract of land within the manor of Holy Island, in the county palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing the right of common upon the ancient infield lands within the said island.

93. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, meadow ground, half year's land, common fens, and waste lands, within the parish of Anwick, in the county of Lincoln, and for embanking and draining the said common fens, and certain enclosed lowlands adjoining thereto, called The Praie Grounds in or near the township of North Kyme, in the said county.

94. An act for making a new road from Saint George's Gate, in the city of Canterbury, to a place called Gutteridge Bottom; and for repairing and widening the present road from thence to the Dover turnpike road, in the parish of Barham, in the county of Kent.

95. An act for amending an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and repairing the road from the city of Glasgow, in the county of Lanerk, to Muirkirk, in the county of Ayr, and from thence to the confines of the said county of Ayr towards Sanquhar, in the county of Dumfries; and other roads communicating therewith; and for the more effectually repairing the said roads, and the road from the village of Gorbals, and new bridge of Glasgow to the chapel of Cambuslang, in the said county of Lanerk, and branches thereof; and for making and repairing the road from the said chapel of Cambuslang till it joins the high road leading from Hamilton by burn bank towards Eaglesham, in the county of Renfrew.

96. An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts, of the tenth year of his present Majesty, and the last session of parliament, for repairing the road from Biggleswade, in the county of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall, to Great Stoughton common, in the county of Huntingdon; and also the road leading out of the aforesaid road, at or near the Ferry House, in the parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Saint Neots, to the turnpike road at the end of Cross Hall Lane, and from the turnpike road in the parish of Eaton Soken to the said turnpike road near Saint Neots Bridge.

97. An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the tenth year of his Majesty's reign, repairing several roads in the county of Cardigan; and for repairing other roads in the said county.

98. An act to enlarge the term of an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending the road from Wellsbourn Mountfort to Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick.

99. An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts, of the seventeenth year of his late Majesty, and the ninth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from a place called Harlow Bush Common, in the parish of Harlow, in the county of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the parish of Great Chesterford, in the said county.

100. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, of the tenth year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several roads leading from The Bell, in Stoke Ferry, in the county of Norfolk; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Methwold Warren House, to a place called The Devil's Ditch, in the said county.

101. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Bicester, in the county of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in the county of Bucks.

102. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Robeston Wathan to Saint Clears, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen.

103. An act for repairing and widening the road from the market place in Bicester, in the county of Oxford, to the Buckingham turnpike road in Aynho, in the county of Northampton.

104. An act to repeal so much of an act of the eleventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Vinehall, in the parish of Mountfield, in the county of Sussex, to Cripps's Corner, and from thence to Staple Cross, and to the turnpike road near the windmill, in the parish of Beckley, and from Staple Cross to Longley's water corn mill, at Kent Ditch, and from Cripp's Corner to the town of Rye, in the said county, as relates to the said roads from Staple Cross to the turnpike road near the said windmill, and from Staple Cross to Longley's water corn mill aforesaid; and for enlarging the term and powers of the said act, so far as relates to the rest of the said roads.

105. An act for enlarging the term and powers of three several acts, passed in the sixth and twelfth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Fyfield, in the county of Berks, to Saint john's Bridge, in the county of Gloucester; and from an inn called The Hind's Head, in the parish of Kingston Bagpuze, in the said county of Berks, to that part of Newbridge which stands in the said county of Berks.

106. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the town of Haverfordwest through the town of Fishguard, to the town of Newport, in the county of Pembroke, and also from the town of Fishguard to the city of Saint Davids, in the said county of Pembroke.

107. An act to enlarge the term and powers of several acts, made for repairing the roads from Living ft one, by the kirk of Shotts, to the city of Glasgow, and by the town of Hamilton to the town of Strathaven, and for repairing and widening the roads from the confines of the county of Ayr at or near Lochgate, to the town of Strathaven, and for repairing the several roads leading into the city of Glasgow so far as the same relate to the road leading from the town of Airdrie towards the city of Glasgow, through the village of Shettleston, till it falls into the great road from Murriehall to the said city; and for repairing the road from the said great road, by Drygate and Whitehill, to Carntyne; and for repairing and widening several other roads; and for building a bridge over the river Clyde, at or near Theevesfoord; and for opening and making certain streets in and near the city of Glasgow.

108. An act for more effectually amending, widening, and repairing, the road through the several parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the counties of Hertford and Middlesex.

109. An act for opening a new road from Milford, in the county of Pembroke to Stainton, and for amending and widening the road from the said new road, through Stainton and Johnson, to Merlin's Bridge, in the same county.

110. An act for enlarging the term, and for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the powers of two several acts, passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the seventh year of his present Majesty, for making a new road from New Street, in the parish of Saint John Southwark, to and through the several places therein mentioned, and for keeping the same, and several other roads adjoining, in repair.

111. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, of the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from Chapel on the Heath, in the county of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the county of Gloucester.

112. An act for continuing and amending an acts, of the tenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several roads from the south gate in the borough of King's Lynn, into the parishes of East Walton, Narborough, Stoke Ferry, and Downham, in the county of Norfolk.

113. An act for continuing an act, of the tenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the east gate in the borough of King's Lynn, into the parishes of Geyton and Grimstone, and to the gate next Hillington on Congham Common, and to the north end of Babingley Lane, in the county of Norfolk.

114. An act for enlarging the term, and varying the powers, of an act, of the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain roads leading into the town of Ross, in the county of Hereford, and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, certain streets or highways within the said town, and also certain small pieces of road communicating with the roads comprised in the said act.

115. An act to continue the term and powers of an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from Lewes to Brighthelmston, in the county of Sussex.

116. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the Alcester and Evesham turnpike road at the end of Wixford Lane, in the county of Warwick, to Chipping Campden, and from thence to Upton Old Lane, in the county of Gloucester.

117. An act to continue and amend an act, of the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the Exeter turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in the parish of Dunsford, in the county of Devon, to Cherrybrook, in the forest of Dartmore, in the said county.

118. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from Brighthelmston to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the county of Sussex.

119. An act to enlarge the term of an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Whitchurch, in the county of Southampton, to the turnpike road at Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the county of Berks.

120. An act to enlarge the term and powers of three several acts, passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the fifth and twentieth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the town of Shepton Mallet, in the county of Somerset, and for repairing the road from a place called Long Cross Bottom to the Bruton turnpike road near Batcombe church, in the said county; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the streets, lanes, and other public passages, within the said town.

121. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from Swindon, to the centre of Christian Malford Bridge, and from Caine to Lyneham Green, and from the direction post in Long Leaze Lane, near Lydiard Marsh, to Cricklade, in the county of Wilts.

122. An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts, of the sixteenth year of King George the Second, and the ninth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Bowes, in the county of York, to Borough under Stainmore, in the county of Westmoreland; and for repairing and widening the road from Maiden Castle, to Kaber Cross, and other roads therein mentioned, in the said counties.

123. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Darly Moor, in the county of Derby, to Ellaston, in the county of Stafford, and from thence to the turnpike road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said counties of Derby and Stafford.

124. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways from that part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the parish of Kensington, in the county of Middlesex, leading through the towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the powder mills, in the road to Staines; and to Cranford Bridge, in the said county, in the road to Colnbrook; and for repairing, turning, or altering, the highway leading from the said road, at or near the end of Sion Lane, to the town of Isleworth, in the said county, and from thence to a gate on the south side of Teddington Field; and also the highway leading out of the said great road, near Smallbury Green turnpike, to a house known by the sign of The George, in the town of Isleworth aforesaid; and for lighting and watering part of the said highways.

125. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from The Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the county of Chester, over the Long Moss and Monks Heath, to the turnpike road in Nether Tabley, in the said county, and for turning and exchanging part of the said road.

126. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the town of Haverfordwest to the city of Saint David's, and from the said city to Caerfai, in the parish of Saint David's, in the county of Pembroke.

127. An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the roads from Butterton Moor End, near Oncott, in the county of Stafford, to the three mile stone in the turnpike road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, in the county of Derby, and from Blackton Moor, in the county of Stafford, to the turnpike road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, near Newhaven, in the county of Derby, and from Warslow to Ecton Mine, in the county of Stafford.

128. An act for enlarging the term of an act, of the tenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Burford to Banbury, in the county of Oxford, and from Burford aforesaid, to the turnpike road leading to Stow, in the county of Gloucester, at the bottom of Stow Hill, and from Swerford Gate, in the said county of Oxford, to the turnpike road in Aynho, in the county of Northampton.

129. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for reducing into one act of parliament the several laws now in force for repairing the road leading from the town or village of Tittensor, to the most northern part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the county of Stafford; and for repairing the road from Darlastone Bridge, over Tittensor Heath, through the town or village of Tittensor aforesaid and for making, and keeping in repair, a road branching out of the said turnpike road, near the house known by the sign of The Black Lion, to, or nearly to, Shelton Wharf, all in the parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the said county of Stafford.

130. An act for more effectually repairing several roads leading from the town of Bromyard, in the county of Hereford, and other roads adjoining thereto.

131. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Dunham Ferry to the south end of Great Markham Common, in the county of Nottingham.

132. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Worksop to the turnpike road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill to the great northern road at South Muskham in the county of Nottingham.

133. An act for amending and widening several pieces of road and opening and making several pieces of new road therein described, so as to make a convenient carriage road from Buckingham, through Brackley, to join the Daventry turnpike road near Banbury.

134. An act to enlarge the term and powers of three acts, made in the first and twelfth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the third year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the powder mills on Hounslow Heath, in the county of Middlesex, to a place called Basingstone, near the town of Bagshot, in the parish of Windlesham, in the county of Surrey; and for maintaining and repairing Egham Causeway, in the said county of Surrey.

135. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Great Marlow, in the county of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the county of Oxford.

136. An act for enlarging the terms of two several acts, passed in the tenth and twenty-fifth years of his present Majesty's reign, for amending the road from Aylesbury, in the county of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the turnpike road between Bensington and Shillingford, in the county of Oxford; and for amending the road from the turnpike road at Thame to the Oxford turnpike road between Postcomb and Tetsworth, in the said county; and for making more effectual provision for repairing the said roads.

137. An act for continuing and amending certain as, of the second and twenty second years of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Flimwell Vent, in the county of Sussex, through Highgate, in the county of Kent, and the parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said county of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper's Corner in the said county of Sussex, and for repairing and widening a piece of road communicating with one of the roads comprised in the said acts, called Whitebread Lane.

