Public acts passed in 1793, 33 George 3 c.1 - c.185.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 39 part 1.
---

1. An act to prohibit the circulation of promissory or other notes, orders, undertakings, or obligations, for the payment of any sum or sums of money, or for any other consideration, created and issued under or in the name of any publick authority in France.

2. An act to enable his Majesty to restrain the exportation of naval stores; and more effectually to prevent the exportation of salt petre, arms, and ammunition, when prohibited by proclamation or order in council.

3. An act for indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution an order of council respecting the exportation of wheat and wheat flour, for preventing suits in consequence of the same, and for making further provisions relative thereto; and also for authorising his Majesty to prohibit the exportation of corn, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and potatoes; and to permit the importation of corn, meal, or flour, on the low duties.

4. An act for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

5. An act for the further relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery of, and deliver, upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit.

6. An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

7. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

8. An act to provide for the families of persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of substitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an act of parliament passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England.

9. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

10. An act to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united states.

11. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

12. An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for that purpose.

13. An act to prevent acts of parliament from taking effect from a time prior to the passing thereof.

14. An act to enable the royal exchange assurance companies, and their successors, to grant, purchase, and sell annuities upon or for lives.

15. An act to enable the governor and company of the bank of England to purchase certain houses and ground contiguous to the bank of England.

16. An act for effectually carrying into execution an act of parliament of the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable canal from the town of Basingstoke, in the county of Southampton, to communicate with the river Wey, in the parish of Chertsey, in the county of Surrey, and to the south-east side of the turnpike road, in the parish of Turgiss, in the said county of Southampton.

17. An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

18. An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

19. An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and for making provision for adjutants who have served a certain time in the militia.

20. An act for effectually carrying into execution an act of parliament of the thirtieth year of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the county of Suffolk.

21. An act to enable the company of proprietors of the canal navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, to extend the said canal from a place called Clayton Demesne, in the township of Droylsden, in the parish of Manchester aforesaid, to a place in the turnpike road in Heaton Norris, leading between Manchester and Stockport, opposite to the house known by the sign of The Three Boars Heads; and from or nearly from a place called Taylor's Barn, in the township of Reddish, to Denton, at a place called Beat Bank, adjoining the turnpike toad leading between Stockport and Ashton under Lyne; and also from the intended aqueduct bridge, at or near a place called Water-houses, in the parish of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, to a place called Stake Leach, at Hollinwood, in the township of Oldham aforesaid.

22. An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

23. An act for altering the provisions of an act passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the duties payable for beer and ale above six shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duties of excise, and not exceeding eleven shillings the barrel, exclusive of such duties, and for other purposes therein mentioned, so far as respects the quality of table beer brewed by common brewers.

24. An act for separating the chapels of Chorley and Rufford from the parish of Croston, in the county of Lancaster, and for making them two distinct parish churches.

25. An act for paving the footpaths, within the borough of Ludlow, in the county of Salop; and for lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the said borough.

26. An act for the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and vessels, during the present war.

27, More effectually to prevent, during the present war between Great Britain and France, all traitorous correspondence with, or aid or assistance being given to, his Majesty's enemies.

28. An act for raising a certain sum of money, by way of annuities, to be charged on the consolidated fund; and for making perpetual certain duties of excise on British spirits, and certain duties on the amount of affected taxes.

29. An act for enabling his Majesty to direct the issue of exchequer bills, to a limited amount, for the purposes and in the manner therein mentioned.

30. An act for the better preventing forgeries and frauds in the transfers of the several funds transferable at the bank of England.

31. An act to enable the common council of the town of Liverpool, in the county of Lancaster, on behalf and account of the corporation of the said town, to issue negociable notes for a limited time, and to a limited amount.

32. An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for providing that the governor and company of the bank of England shall not be subject to any penalties, by reason of an act made in the fifth year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, on account of their advancing money for the payment of bills of exchange accepted by, or by the direction of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, and made payable at the bank of England.

33. An act for repealing part of an act passed in the first year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act for preventing frauds in the duties upon salt, and for the better payment of debentures at the custom house, which may relate to the refining and making of salt at certain works intended to be erected at Garston, in the county palatine of Lancaster, instead of the present salt works at Liverpool.

34. An act for the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom.

35. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the poor.

36. An act to establish certain regulations respecting officers serving in several corps of fencible men, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in certain other corps which may be directed to be raised in Great Britain.

37. An act to amend an act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and assize thereof; and to punish persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread, with respect to the time within which certain prosecutions directed by the said act are to be brought.

38. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or nearly from a place called The Saltisford, in the parish of Saint Mary, in the borough of Warwick, unto or near to the parish of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, and to terminate at or near to a certain navigable canal in or near to the town of Birmingham, called the Digbeth branch of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley canal navigations.

39. An act for the more easy raising money upon the hundred of Hemlingford, in the county of Warwick, for paying the damages and costs incurred on account of the late riots within the said hundred, than is authorised to be done by the laws now in being.

40. An act to continue several laws, relating to the landing rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations before payment of the duties of excise; to the giving further encouragement to the importation of naval stores from the British colonies in America; to the granting liberty to carry sugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of his Majesty's sugar colonies directly to foreign parts, in ships built in Great Britain and navigated according to law; to the permitting the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies; to the granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of artificers and workmen, employed in those manufactures, to go into parts beyond the seas; to the ascertaining the strength of spirits by Clarke's hydrometer; and to revive and continue an act, made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, for the more effectual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain.

41. An act to enable Robert Claxton of Bristol, merchant, to take the oath prescribed and directed to be taken by an act of the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, for the further encrease and encouragement of shipping and navigation.

42. An act for incorporating the company of free fishers and dredgers of Whitstable, in the county of Kent, and for the better ordering and government of the fishery.

43. An act for enlarging the powers of and rendering more effectual an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for rebuilding the parish church of Paddington in the county of Middlesex, and for enlarging the church yard of the said parish.

44. An act for requiring a certain form of oath of abjuration, and declaration, from his Majesty's subjects, professing the Roman catholick religion, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

45. An act for taking down and rebuilding the tower of the parish church of Hanbury, in the county of Worcester, and for repairing the said church, and rendering the same more commodious for the parishioners.

46. An act for vesting in his Majesty certain forfeited estates in Ireland, subject to the disposition of the parliament of Ireland.

47. An act for placing the stock called East India Annuities under the management of the governor and company of the bank of England, and ingrafting the same on the three pounds per centum reduced annuities, in redemption of a debt of four millions two hundred thousand pounds, owing by the publick to the East India company; and for enabling the said company to raise a sum of money, by a further increase of their capital stock, to be applied in discharge of certain debts of the said company.

48. An act to allow the drawback of the duties of customs and excise upon wines consumed by admirals, captains, and other commissioned officers, on board ships of war in actual service, and to allow such ships to be supplied with tobacco, duty-free.

49. An act for further continuing and amending an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for further encouraging and regulating the manufacture of British sail cloth, and for the more effectual securing the duties now payable on foreign sail cloth imported into this kingdom.

50. An act to amend an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, in foreign ships, into and from certain ports and places in the West Indies; and for amending so much of an act, made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to permitting the importation of sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda islands in foreign ships; and so much of two acts, made in the twenty-eighth and thirty-first years of his present Majesty's reign, as prohibits the importation of timber into any island under the dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies from any foreign colony or plantation in the West Indies or South America; and so much of the said act, made in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, as prohibits the importation of pitch, tar, and turpentine into Nova Scotia or New Brunswick from any country belonging to the united states of America.

51. An act for rendering more effectual an act of the present session of parliament, intituled An act for enabling his Majesty to direct the issue of exchequer bills to a limited amount, for the purposes and in the manner therein mentioned.

52. An act for continuing in the East India company, for a further term, the possession of the British territories in India together with the exclusive trade, under certain limitations; for establishing further regulations for the government of the said territories, and the better administration of justice within the same; for appropriating to certain uses the revenges and profits of the said company; and for making provision for the good order and government of the towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay.

53. An act to continue and amend an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for further regulating the trade or business of pawnbrokers.

54. An act for the encouragement and relief of friendly societies.

55. An act to authorise justices of the peace to impose fines upon constables, overseers, and other peace or parish officers, for neglect of duty, and on masters of apprentices for ill usage of such their apprentices; and also to make provision for the execution of warrants of distress granted by magistrates.

56. An act to amend an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for regulating the allowance of the drawback, and payment of the bounty, on the exportation of sugar, and for permitting the importation of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands, in foreign ships; and for reducing the bounty on refined sugars, exported in any other than British ships.

57. An act for the better regulation of warehoused tobacco, and for permitting certain tobacco of the Spanish dominions to be admitted to entry on the payment of the British plantation duty.

58. An act to allow to ships carrying on the southern whale fishery to the north of the equator, the same premium as they are now entitled to if they do not pass the equator.

59. An act to continue certain duties of excise on foreign spirits imported into this kingdom, for a limited time; and also for continuing certain laws of excise therein mentioned.

60. An act to enable the postmaster general to send the mail to the dominions of his catholick majesty, on board of any vessels authorised by his catholick majesty to carry the same.

61. An act for the regulation of distillers in Scotland, and the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited time.

62. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

63. An act to permit goods and commodities of the growth, production, or manufacture of Asia, Africa, or America, legally imported into Ireland, to be imported from thence into Great Britain.

64. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the seventh and eighth years, of King William the Third, intituled An act for the further regulating elections of members to serve in parliament, and for the preventing irregular proceedings of sheriffs and other officers in the electing and returning such members, so far as relates to the publication of notices of the time and place of election.

65. An act to amend an act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn exported.

66. An act for the encouragement of seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning his Majesty's navy.

67. An act for better preventing offences in obstructing, defraying, or damaging ships or other vessels, and in obstructing seamen, keelmen, casters, and ship carpenters, from pursuing their lawful occupations.

68. An act for remedying inconveniencies attending certain proceedings in the courts of great sessions in Wales, and for the county palatine of Chester, in the court of common pleas for the county palatine of Lancaster, in the court of pleas for the county palatine of Durham, and in the county courts in Wales.

69. An act for repealing the duties on coals, culm, and cinders brought or carried coastwise into Scotland; and for granting other duties on licences to sell certain distilled spirituous liquors, in lieu thereof.

70. An act for repealing the duties and drawbacks on figs, and for granting and allowing other duties and drawbacks in lieu thereof; for charging a duty on the importation, and allowing a drawback on the exportation, of virginal wire of copper; for impowering the commissioners of the customs to authorise their officers to make allowance for damages received by goods during the voyage; and for authoring the commissioners of the customs and excise to sell vessels, liable to be broken up, to private persons, to be used as privateers.

71. An act for further continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the lord high treasurer, or of of the treasury, for the time being, to let to farm the duties granted by an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, on horses let to hire for travelling post, and by time, to such persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

72. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

73. An act to continue, for a limited time, and to amend several acts of parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

74. An act for rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

75. An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the eleventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the powers granted by several acts of parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the vaults, drains, and sewers, within the city of London, and liberties thereof; and for paving, cleansing, and lighting the streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, preventing and removing obstructions and annoyances within the same.

76. An act for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacent.

77. An act for further settling and securing a certain annuity on the heirs male of the body of the late lord Rodney, to whom the barony of Rodney shall descend, in consideration of the eminent services performed by the said late lord Rodney to his Majesty and the publick.

78. An act to enable his royal highness George prince of Wales, to make leases, copies, and grants of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of his said royal highness's duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

79. Requiring and authorising Charles Gilbert esquire, treasurer of the eastern division, and the reverend Francis Tutte, the legal representative of Randolph Tutte deceased, late treasurer of the western division of the county of Sussex, to pay certain sums of money received by them the said treasurers, or either of them, on account of the not raising the militia of the said county, into the publick stocks of the said divisions, to be applied as therein is directed; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

80. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Oxford canal navigation, at Braunston, in the county of Northampton, to join the river Thames at or near Brentford, in the county of Middlesex, and also certain collateral cuts from the said intended canal.

81. An act to amend an act made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals used in smelting copper and lead ores, and in fire engines for draining water out of the copper and lead mines, within the isle of Anglesey.

82. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching Haydon Square, the New Square, Haydon Yard, Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the passages therein, or leading thereto, in the parish of Trinity otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the county of Middlesex, within the liberty of his Majesty's tower of London, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

83. An act for the better lighting, cleansing, watching, and regulating the squares, streets, lanes, alleys, passages, and places, within the parish of Saint Luke, in the county of Middlesex; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and encroachments within the same.

84. An act to repeal so much of an act, made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Bailey, Birstall, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the lordship or liberty of Tong, in the west riding of the county of York, and for granting other powers for those purposes.

85. An act for supplying the towns of Plymouth Dock, Stoke Damarel, Stonehouse, and the parts adjacent in the county of Devon, with water.

86. An act for amending and enlarging the powers of two acts, one made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better supplying the town and neighbourhood of Leeds, in the county of York, with coals.

87. An act for enlarging the church yard or cemetery of the parish church of Saint Mary, Islington, in the county of Middlesex.

88. An act for paving and repairing certain streets, lanes, and other publick passages and places, in the parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the county of Middlesex; and for paving and regulating such parts of Old Cock Lane and York Street, as are in the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch; and for removing obstructions and annoyances therein.

89. An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the streets, squares, lanes, ways, passages, and publick places, within such part of the parish of Walcot, in the county of Somerset, as is not within the circuit, precinct, and jurisdiction of the city of Bath, in the same county; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions; and for establishing a proper and effective police therein; and for licensing and regulating hackney coaches, chairs, porters, basket men, and basket women, within the said city of Bath, and a certain distance thereof.

90. An act for making a new street from Saint George's Road in the parish of Christchurch in the county of Surrey, through Holland's League, into and across The Green Walk, and from thence into Gravel Lane, in the said parish; and for discontinuing as a publick highway part of a street called The Upper Ground Street, in the said parish.

91. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Severn at Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop, to the river Mersey at or near Netherpool, in the county of Chester; and also for making and maintaining certain collateral cuts from the said intended canal.

92. An act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the town of Ipswich, in the county of Suffolk; and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, and annoyances therein.

93. An act for making and maintaining a navigable communication between the town of Chelmsford, or some part of the parish of Springfield, in the county of Essex, and a place called Collier's Reach, in or near the river Blackwater, in the said county.

94. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or nearly from the town of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, to the river Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge; and also a collateral cut horn the said intended canal, at or near Cropwell Butler, to the town of Bingham, both in the county of Nottingham.

95. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Glamorganshire canal, to or near the village of Aberdare, in the county of Glamorgan; and for making and maintaining a rail-way or stone road from thence to or near Abernant, in the parish of Cadoxtone juxta Neath, in the said county.

96. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the town of Brecknock to the Monmouthshire canal, near the town of Pontypool, in the county of Monmouth; and for making and maintaining rail-ways and stone roads from such canal to several iron works and mines in the counties of Brecknock and Monmouth.

97. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Severn, at or near the city of Gloucester, into a place called Berkeley Pill, in the parish of Berkeley; and also a cut to or near the town of Berkeley, in the county of Gloucester.

98. An act for making and maintaining a navigation from the town of Leicester to communicate with the river Nen, in or near the town of Northampton, and also a certain collateral cut from the said navigation.

99. An act for making and maintaining a navigable communication from the junction of the river Foss with the river Ouse, at or near the city of York, to Stillington Mill, in the parish of Stillington, in the north riding of the county of York; and for draining and improving certain low lands lying on each side of the said river Foss.

100. An act to explain and amend an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for erecting piers in, and for repairing and keeping in repair the harbour of Littlehampton, called Arundel Port, in the county of Sussex; and for impowering the commissioners acting under the said act to improve the navigation of the river Arun, from the said harbour to the town of Arundel, in the said county.

101. An act for amending and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for taking down and re-building the parish church of All Saints within the town and county of the town of Southampton, and for purchasing land for the purpose of a church-yard for the use of the said parish.

102. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Trent, at or near Swarkstone Bridge, to and through the borough of Derby, to Little Eaton, with a cut out of the said canal in or near the said borough, to join the Erewash canal near Sandiacre, and for making rail-ways from such canal to several collieries in the parishes or liberties of Denby, Horsley, and Smalley, all in the county of Derby.

103. An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the Melton Mowbray navigation, in the county of Leicester, to Oakham, in the county of Rutland.

104. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Loch Gilp, to Loch Crinan, in the shire of Argyll.

105. An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from a place called Hammerside Hill in the parish of Ulverstone, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to a place called Weint End, near the town of Ulverstone aforesaid.

106. An act for building a bridge over the river Derwent, at or near Bubwith Ferry, in the east riding of the county of York, and making proper approaches thereto.

107. An act to alter and amend an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, an act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the county of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and also a navigable branch from the said intended canal, at or near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg; and also another navigable branch from, at, or near Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said county palatine of Lancaster; and also for making a navigable branch from the said canal, at or near Galgate, to Glosson Dock, in the said county palatine of Lancaster.

108. An act for draining, dividing, inclosing, and improving all the moor lands in the townships of Redness and Swinefleet, in the parish of Whitgift, in the west riding of the county of York.

109. An act for draining, preserving, and improving certain lands, lying in the several parishes of Spalding (including the hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) Weston, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbech, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland, in the county of Lincoln.

110. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Calder, in the township of Warmfeild cum Heath, to or near the town of Barnsley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, in the township of Cawthorne, in the west riding of the county of York; and certain railways, and other roads to communicate therewith.

111. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the collieries at Shipley and Westhallam, in the county of Derby, to the Erewash canal, in the parish of Stanton by Dale, in the said county.

112. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Worcester and Birmingham canal navigation, in the parish of King's Norton, into the borough of Stratford upon Avon; and also certain collateral cuts from the said intended canal.

113. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the north end of the Shropshire canal, in the township of Rockwardine Wood, in the county of Salop, to the town of Shrewsbury, in the said county.

114. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Ancholme, in the parish of South Kelsey, in the county of Lincoln, in the parish of Caistor, in the said county.

115. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Dun navigation cut, in the township of Swinton, to or near the town of Barnsley, in the parish of Silkstone, in the west riding of the county of York; and certain collateral cuts branching out of the said canal.

116. An act for embanking and draining certain salt marshes and low lands within the several parishes of Spalding, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbech, and Gedney, in the county of Lincoln; and for preventing the same marshes and lands from being overflowed with the sea, and for altering an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for dividing and inclosing the commons, marshes, droves, waste lands, and grounds, in the parish of Gedney and hamlet thereof, called Gedney Fen, in the county of Lincoln.

117. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the River Dun navigation cut, at or near Stainforth, in the west riding of the county of York, to join and communicate with the river Trent at or near Keadby, in the county of Lincoln, and also a collateral cut from the said canal to join the said river Dun, in the parish of Thorne, in the said riding.

118. An act for making effectual the statute labour in the shire of Inverness; and for levying conversion money in lieu of labour; and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing highways and bridges in the said shire; and for improving, widening, and lighting the streets within the royal burgh of Inverness.

119. An act to vary and extend the line of the canal authorised to be made by an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the city of Hereford to the city of Gloucester, with a collateral cut from the same to the town of Newent, in the county of Gloucester, and to amend the said act.

120. An act for making effectual the statute labour, and for levying conversion money in lieu of labour in certain cases, and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing high roads and bridges in the county of Caithness.

121. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Dudley canal, in the county of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham canal now making at or near Selly Oak, in the said county; and also certain collateral cuts to communicate therewith.

122. An act for erecting and making a pier and harbour in the cove of Trevaunance, in the parish of Saint Agnes, in the county of Cornwall.

123. An act for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improving, and regulating the harbour of Carnarvon, in the county of Carnarvon.

124. An act for rebuilding the Tron Church of the city of Glasgow; for opening certain streets; for removing obstructions in the Trongate Street; for building a bridge over the river Clyde, opposite to the Salt Market Street; for regulating the weight and measure of coals, and the mode of carrying wood and timber on the streets of the said city; for enlarging the gaol or tolbooth there; and for selling part of the High or Calton Green, and also the glebe belonging to the Inner High Church, and parish of Glasgow.

125. An act for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improving, and regulating, the harbour of Amlwch, in the isle of Anglesey.

126. An act for amending an act made in the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better relief and employment of the poor in the hundred of Blything, in the county of Suffolk, and for granting some further powers and provisions for carrying the same more effectually into execution.

127. An act for repealing an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for enlarging the charitable uses, extending the objects, and regulating the application of the rents and profits of the estates given by sir William Harpur, knight, and dame Alice his wife, for the benefit of the poor, and other objects of charity, of the town of Bedford; and for the better management and disposition of the said estates, and the rents and profits thereof.

128. An act for more effectually repairing the roads from Ipswich to the Scole Inn road, and from Claydon to the Bury Saint Edmund's road, at the end of the bounds of the parish of Hawleigh, and from Yaxley Bull to Eye, and from Eye to Lanthorn Green, in the county of Suffolk.

129. An act for reviving, continuing, and amending certain acts, of the fourteenth and thirtieth years of King George the Second, so far as relates to repairing the road from the north end of Wakefield Bridge to Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York.

130. An act for repairing the roads from the town of Cambridge to a place called Long Leys, and from the said town of Cambridge to Royston, in the counties of Cambridge and Essex.

131. An act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Uttoxeter to the westwardly part of Hardiwick heath, and for setting out and making a new road from thence to Stoke near Stone; and for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the village of Millwich to Sandon, in the county of Stafford.

132. An act for enlarging the term, and altering the powers, of an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for more effectually repairing several roads leading from Ledbury, in the county of Hereford, and the road through the parish of Bromesberrow, in the county of Gloucester, and Corse Lawn, till it joins the road from Gloucester to Worcester.

133. An act for opening and making a new road from the turnpike road at Craig Evan Leyson, in the parish of Lanvabon, to the confines of the parish of Ystradyvoduck, near Abernant, in the county of Glamorgan.

134. An act for more effectually repairing the road from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge, in the county of Lancaster.

135. An act for continuing and amending an act passed in the thirteenth year of his present majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the guide post, at the west end of the town of Hampton, over Sunbury Common, to the town of Staines, in the county of Middlesex.

136. An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Bawtry, in the county of York, to East Markham Common, in the county of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to Twiford Bridge, in the said county.

137. An act for continuing the term of an act, of the eleventh year of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, and altering the road from the bottom of Galley Hill, near the town of Witney, to the croft in Clanfield, in the county of Oxford.

138. An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways from Speenhamland, in the county of Berks, to Marlborough, in the county of Wilts, and several other roads therein mentioned.

139. An act for repairing and amending the roads leading from the town of Manchester, in the county of Lancaster, through the town of Ashton under Line, and parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salter's Brook, in the county palatine of Chester.

140. An act for making and maintaining a road from, or nearly from, French Top, in the parish of Saddleworth, in the west riding of the county of York, to Brookhouses, in the parish of Glossop, in the county of Derby; and for repairing and altering the road leading from, or nearly from, a close called Copley Meadow, in Stayley, to, or near to, Stayley Bridge, in the county of Chester.

141. An act to enlarge the terms and powers of two acts of parliament, the one passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the rood from Newcastle under Line to Hassop, and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield turnpike road near Buxton, and also the road branching out of the said first mentioned road at Cobridge to Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter turnpike road at Shelton, in the county of Stafford; and the other passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his said Majesty, to enlarge the term and powers of the said act, and for amending several other roads therein described.

142. An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act of parliament of the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the town of Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York, to the town of Sheffield, in the same riding, so far as relates to the first district of the roads mentioned in the said act.

143. An act for repairing and widening the road from the foot of a certain bridge, in the parish of Little Bowden, in the county of Northampton, commonly called Saint Mary's Bridge, to the west side of the toll bar at the north end of the town of Rockingham, in the said county.

144. An act for amending, improving, and keeping in repair, several roads leading to and from the city of Bath.

145. An act for repairing the roads leading from the western part of the parish of Shenfield to Harwich and Rockford, and from Chelmsford to Ballingdon Bridge, and from Margaretting to Malden, and from Colchester to Dedham Bridge, and from Lexden to the east end of the town of Haverill, and from High Garrett to Bulmer Tie, and from Mark's Tey to Braintree, and from Little Waltham to the end of the parish of Great Hallingbury, and from Malden to Braintree, in the county of Essex.

146. An act for repairing the high road leading from Cockerton Bridge, near Darlington, in the county of Durham, to Staindrop, in the said county.

147. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an act to continue the term, and vary the powers, of so much of an act, made in the twenty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Sutton Coldfield common, and several other roads therein described, in the county of Stafford, as relates to the Wolverhampton district of roads.

148. An act for repairing, widening, and altering the road from the turnpike road between Gateshead and Hexham, near Lobley Hill, in the parish of Whickham, in the county of Durham, to Burtry Ford, in the parish of Stanhope, in the same county, and a branch from the said road, near Bryan's Leap, in the county of Durham, to the Corbridge turnpike road near Blackhedley, in the county of Northumberland, and another branch from the said road at Wolfingham, in the county of Durham, to Crosgate, near the city of Durham.

149. An act for repairing and widening the roads from Hadley turnpike gate to Stifford bridge, and from a farm house called Tarpotts to the town of South Benfleet, and from the pound in the town of Brentwood to Tilbury Fort, and from Billericay to Horndon on the Hill, and from Stanford Bridge to Purfleet, in the county of Essex.

150. An act for widening, turning, altering, repairing, and maintaining the road leading from the east side of the market place in New Sleaford, to and through the town of Anwick, in the county of Lincoln; and for making publick the drove road from the said town of Anwick to Kyme Praia Grounds, and for making a road from thence to join the present road near North Kyme town; and for widening, turning, altering, repairing, and maintaining the road leading from thence through the said town of North Kyme, near Billinghay Dales, to the river Witham, and also the road from the opposite shore of the said river to the town of Tattershall, in the said county of Lincoln, and for building a bridge over the Witham, at, or near to, Tattershall Ferry.

151. An act to continue the term and powers of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from the west end of Saint Ive's Lane, in the town of Saint Neots, in the county of Huntingdon, to the pavement at the end of Bell Lane, in the town of Cambridge.

152. An act for repairing and widening the road from the Moot Holt in Wirksworth, to the turnpike road leading from Derby to Brassington, at, or near to, a place called The Cross in the Hand, on Hulland Ward; and also the road from the said Moot Hall to another turnpike road leading from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at, or near to, a place called The Steeple House, in the township of Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the county of Derby.

153. An act for repairing, widening, diverting, and improving, the road from Stafford to Church Bridge, and also the road from Stafford to Uttoxeter, all in the county of Stafford; and also the road from Stafford to Newport, in the county of Salop.

154. An act for continuing the term, and varying the powers, of an act of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and altering the road from Crickhowell, in the county of Brecon, to the Cross Hands beyond New Inn, in the turnpike road between the city of Hereford and Ross, and other roads therein described, with respect to certain parts of the roads comprized in the said act.

155. An act for continuing the terms, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating, the powers of two acts of parliament, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads and streets in and near the town of Brewton, in the county of Somerset, therein described; and also for repairing, widening, and altering several other roads in the counties of Somerset and Wilts.

156. An act to continue the terms of two several acts, passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from Godmanchester, in the county of Huntingdon, through Fenstanton and Cambridge, to the first rubbing house on Newmarket Heath, in the county of Cambridge.

157. An act for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from a gate, commonly called Sacred Gate, on the south-east side of the town of Hedon, in the east riding of the county of York, through the said town, to Hull north bridge; and for amending the road from the present turnpike bar in Wyton Holmes, through the townships of Wyton and Sproatley, to the guide post in Flinton Lane, near Humbleton Moor House, in the same riding.

158. An act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing certain roads in the county of Perth, and for making and repairing the road from Crieff towards Stirling and Alloa, and other roads in the said county.

159. An act for repairing and widening the road from Selby Ferry in the parish of Hemmingbrough, to the town of Market Weighton, in the east riding of the county of York.

160. An act for completing, repairing, and maintaining, the road leading from the city of Glasgow to Port Dundas, and from Port Dundas to the high road leading from the city of Glasgow to Garscube Bridge, by Dobbie's Loan, in the county of Lanark.

161. An act for continuing the term, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating the powers of two acts of parliament, passed in the twenty-first and twenty-seventh years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the high road from Piercebridge to Kirk Merrington, in the county Durham, and from thence to the turnpike road at Tudhoe Lane End, in the same county.

162. An act for amending, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from the north end of Marsh Lane, in Ashford, in the county of Kent, to the end of the parish of Orlestone, near Stockbridge, in Romney Marsh, in the said county.

163. An act for enlarging the terms and powers of two acts of the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high roads from Dunglass Bridge, to the town of Haddington, and from thence to Ravenshaugh Burn, in the county of Haddington; and for making, amending, altering, widening, and keeping in repair, certain branches of the said roads, within the said county.

164. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual repairing, widening, and amending the road from a place called Earl's Kill, in Warrington, to the toll bars in Wallgate, in Wigan, both in the county of Lancaster.

165. An act for making, amending, diverting, and widening the roads leading from West Harptry to the Bath and Wells turnpike road at Marksbury, and from Stowey to Chew Magna, and from West Harptry to the Bath turnpike road at Emborow, and from West Harptry to Forecross, in the parish of Churchill, and from West Harptry to the Blue Bowl inn in Compton Martins and from Berrington to the town of Wrington, and from the nine elms, at North Widcombe, to Coley, in the county of Somerset.

166. An act for making and maintaining a commodious carriage road from the town of Bawtry, to the town of Selby, in the west riding of the county of York.

167. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from Womborne to Prince's End; and from Gospel End to the village of Over Penn, and from thence to the turnpike road leading from Wolverhampton to Stourbridge; and from Chitt's Grave to or near Prince's End; and from Can Lane to the town of Bilston, in the county of Stafford.

168. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the end of the present turn-pike road from Besselsleigh to Hungerford, in the county of Berks, to Leckford otherwise Sousley Water, in the county of Wilts.

169. An act to enlarge the term and powers of two acts, of the twenty-eighth year of King George the Second, and the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from the town of Monmouth.

170. An act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the road from Ardwick Green, near Manchester, in the county of Lancaster, to the new bridge at the corn mills at Wilmslow, in the county of Chester.

171. An act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning, the road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton, in the county of Derby, and Stockport, in the county of Chester, to Manchester, in the county of Lancaster; and also the road from Hernestone Lane Head, and from Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel in le Frith, all in the said county of Derby, to the last mentioned road ar Whaley, in the said county of Chester.

172. An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two several acts made in the twenty-ninth year of his late majesty King George the Second, and twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Shrewsbury to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to Shreyhill, and other roads in the county of Salop; and for repairing the road leading from the turnpike road from Shrewsbury to Ellesmere, through Harlescott, Uffington, and Berwick, to Atcham, in the said county.

173. An act for amending, widening, shortening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from Wren's Croft, in the town of Maidstone, in the county of Kent, through the west or lower Harrietsham Street, by Harrietsham Church, and through Lenham and Charing to Barrow Hill, in Ashford, in the said county.

174. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, an act for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow; and of another act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said act; and of another act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers of two acts, made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the road leading from the said city of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to that part of the water of Kelvin, called The Milnford of Garscube.

175. An act for more effectually amending, and keeping in repair, the road from the city of Worcester, through Droitwich, to Spadesbourne Bridge, within the parish of Broomsgrove, in the county of Worcester; and other roads therein mentioned.

176. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to continue and render more effectual two acts, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the First, and the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the county of Leicester; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the road branching out of the aforesaid road at a place called Filling Gate, to a road called The Foss Road; and from thence to the turnpike road leading from Melton Mowbray to the guide post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester.

177. An act for repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the road from Heage, in the county of Derby, through Belper, to Duffield, in the said county.

178. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from the forty-eighth mile stone, in the parish of Cardington, in the present turnpike road between Hitchin and Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge, and for continuing a road from thence to the great northern road, near Temsford Bridge, in the county of Bedford.

179. An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act of parliament, of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the town of Wakefield to the town of Abberford, in the west riding of the county of York.

180. An act for amending, widening, and repairing the road from Clay Hill, in the turnpike road between Neat Enstone and Chipping Norton, in the county of Oxford, over Heyford Bridge, to the Water Lane, in the town of Bicester, in the said county, and from Bicester aforesaid to the turnpike road in Weston on the Green, in the said county.

181. An act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, certain roads leading to and from the towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain places called The Broad Oak in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, and also the road from a place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End; and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

182. An act for repairing and widening the road from Odiham to Alton, in the county of Southampton.

183. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual so much of three acts of parliament, for repairing the roads from Seven Oaks, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the county of Kent, and to Flimwell Vent, in the county of Sussex, as relates to the road leading from Seven Oaks Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the said county of Kent; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Tunbridge Wells to Woodsgate aforesaid.

184 For reviving, continuing, and amending an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from Penistone Bridge, in the county of York, to Grindleford Bridge, in the county of Derby; and the roads severally leading from Bamford Woodgate over Yorkshire Bridge, to the guide post on Thornhill Moor, to or near the eighth milestone on Hathersage Moor, and to the village of Darwent, in the said county of Derby.

185. An act for repairing and widening that part of the road, leading from Kelso towards the town of Selkirk, which lies to the eastward of the turnpike road leading from Jedburgh to Lauder, which crosses the river Tiviot, near to the town of Kelso, and the road leading from Kelso towards Coldstream, to the place where it joins the turnpike road leading from Greenlaw to Coldstream, and from Kelso, through Ednam, to Orange Lane, in the parish of Eccles, in the county of Berwick, and from the ford at Newton Mill, through Ednam, to Edenfoot, and from Kelso to Cornhill, in the county of Durham.

