Public Acts passed in 1798-9, 39 George 3 c.1 - c.114.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 42 part 1.
---

1. An act for settling and securing a certain annuity on Horatio Nelson lord Nelson, and the two next persons to whom the title of baron Nelson of the Nile, and of Burnham Thorpe in the county of Norfolk, shall descend, in consideration of the eminent service performed by the said Horatio Nelson lord Nelson, to his Majesty and the publick.

2. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

3. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff; for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

4. An act further to continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act, passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy, videlicet, On the sixth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the better prevention and punishment of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces, by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience.

5. An act to continue, until the expiration of one month after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act, passed in the last session of parliament, chapter sixty-six, videlicet, On the twenty-first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, intituled, An act for empowering his Majesty for a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the services of such parts of his military forces in this kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland.

6. An act to enlarge the time limited for the redemption of the land tax; and to explain and amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for making perpetual, subject to redemption and purchase in the manner therein stated, the several sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

7. An act for raising the sum of three millions by way of annuities.

8. An act for extending the time allowed for taking out certificates for using or wearing armorial bearings or ensigns, until the fifteenth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

9. An act to continue, until the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act, made in the last session of parliament, chapter seven, on the second day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled, An act to continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, two several acts, passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, the one, chapter thirty-two, on the tenth day of March, and the other, chapter sixty-one, on the twenty-fifth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for suspending, for a limited time, the operation of certain acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty for refraining the negotiation of promissory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England; and also to amend the said act, and further to continue the same, so amended, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

10. An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an act, passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter two, videlicet, On the thirtieth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled, An act to continue, until the expiration of thirty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter one hundred and thirty-seven, videlicet, On the twentieth of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, intituled, 'An act to continue an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, "An act to revive and continue for a limited time, and amend an act, passed in the present session of parliament, intituled, "An act to allow the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all persons who have issued notes for small sums of money in that part of the united kingdom" for a limited time.'

11. An act for allowing further time for the payment of instalments to become due on certain sums advanced by way of loan, to certain persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincents.

12. An act to continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act, passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter fifteen, videlicet, On the sixteenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also an act, passed in the same year, chapter eighty, videlicet, On the twenty-second day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also another act, passed in the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-six, videlicet, On the fourteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, relating to the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and the issuing of orders in council for that purpose; and to continue, for the same period, an act, passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter twenty-one, videlicet, On the twenty-eighth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, authorising his Majesty to make regulations respecting the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

13. An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties.

14. An act for exempting, during the present war, certain persons, serving in volunteer corps, from being ballotted for the supplementary militia, under certain conditions; and for making out new lists of men liable to serve in the said militia.

15. An act to continue, until the twenty-first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

16. An act to revive and continue, until thirty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-six, videlicet, On the seventeenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, intituled, An act for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacent.

17. An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to provide admissions duly stamped; to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to allow to such persons who have omitted to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or servants, until the twenty-second day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for payment of the same; to indemnify attornies who have omitted to enter their certificates according to law, and for allowing them, until the first day of Easter term, to enter the same with the proper officer; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that purpose, until the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

18. An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

19. An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred.

20. An act for the punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

21. An act to amend and render more effectual two acts, passed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign and the present session of parliament, for the redemption and purchase of the land tax.

22. An act for extending the time for returning statements under an act, passed in the present session of parliament, intituled, An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war, and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties; and to amend the said act.

23. An act to repeal certain parts of three acts, made in the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for raising a provisional force of cavalry; and for making further provision respecting such part of the provisional cavalry of this kingdom as is now actually called out and embodied.

24. An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of May next, an act, made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter nine, videlicet, On the fourth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for continuing several acts, made in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh, and in the thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for suspending the operation of certain acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negotiation of promissory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

25. An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of May next, an act, passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter ten, videlicet, On the Fourth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for continuing several acts for allowing the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount.

26. An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred, an act, pasted in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-six, videlicet, On the sixth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for disallowing the bounty on the exportation to Ireland of sail cloth or canvas of the manufacture of Great Britain.

27. An act to revive and continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred, an act, passed in the session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-two, videlicet, On the sixth of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for prohibiting the importation of cambricks and French lawns into this kingdom, not being the manufacture of Ireland, except for the purpose of being warehoused for exportation.

28. An act to continue, until the twenty-fourth say of June one thousand eight hundred, an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, chapter fifteen, videlicet, On the thirteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, for granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported; and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax.

29. An act for enabling his Majesty to settle an annuity of twelve thousand pounds on his royal highness prince Edward, and a like annuity of twelve thousand pounds on his royal highness prince Ernest Augustus, during his Majesty pleasure.

30. An act to enable his Majesty to settle on her royal highness the princess Amelia, part of the annuity of thirty thousand pounds per annum, which his Majesty was enabled to settle on their royal highnesses his Majesty's other daughters, out of the hereditary revenues, by virtue of an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

31. An act to continue, until the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an act, passed in the last session of parliament, chapter ninety-two, videlicet, On the twenty-ninth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, for granting to his Majesty additional duties on distilleries in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland, for a limited time, and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland; and for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on spirits distilled for consumption, and a duty on unmalted grain used in distillation in Scotland.

32. An act to permit ships to sail from certain ports of the island of Newfoundland, and from the coast of Labrador, without convoy.

33. An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

34. An act for repealing two acts, passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, which limit the time for killing partridges in England and Scotland; and for amending so much of an act, passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to such limitation within that part of Great Britain called England, by making other provisions for that purpose.

35. An act for exempting, during the present war, persons serving in volunteer corps and associations, from being ballotted for the militia, under certain conditions.

36. An act for increasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers.

37. An act for remedying certain defects in the law respecting offences committed upon the high seas.

38. An act to continue, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and four, and amend an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the importation of rape feed, and other feeds used for extracting oil, whenever the prices of middling British rape feed shall be above a certain limit; and to continue several laws relating to the allowing the importation of seal skins cured with foreign salt, free of duty, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and four; to the more effectual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and three; and so much of an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better securing the duties on glass, as was to continue in force for a limited time, until the fifth day of June one thousand eight hundred.

39. An act to amend an act, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on indentures of clerkships to solicitors and attornies, in any of the courts in England, therein-mentioned.

40. An act to amend so much of three acts, made in the last and present sections of parliament, for making perpetual, subject to redemption and purchase, the several sums of money charged as a land tax, as relates to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

41. An act for raising an additional sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

42. An act to enable the commercial commissioners appointed to carry into execution certain acts for granting duties upon income, to extend the time limited by the said acts for receiving returns of income; and for explaining and amending the said acts.

43. An act for enlarging the time limited by certain acts passed for the redemption of the land tax, for receiving contracts and making transfers of stock thereon, and for explaining and amending the said acts.

44. An act for further continuing, until the first day of March one thousand eight hundred, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

45. An act for making perpetual so much of an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-four, videlicet, On the twenty-sixth day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, intituled, An act to explain and amend the laws relating to transportation, imprisonment, and other punishment of certain offenders, as relates to the punishment of burning in the hand of certain persons convicted of felony within the benefit of clergy.

46. An act for making perpetual so much of an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-four, videlicet, On the twenty-sixth day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, intituled, An act to explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other punishment of certain offenders, as relates to the lodgings of judges at county assizes.

47. An act to continue, until the fifth day of July next, an act, made in the present session of parliament, chapter twenty-four, videlicet, On the twenty-first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, for continuing several acts, made in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh and in the thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for suspending the operation of certain acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negotiation of promissory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

48. An act to continue, until the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act, passed in the present session of parliament, for continuing several acts for allowing the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount.

49. An act to extend the bail to be given in cases of criminal information, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

50. An act for making perpetual an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the further relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery, and deliver, upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit.

51. An act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, several laws relating to the transportation of felons and other offenders, and to the authorising the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement in England and Scotland respectively.

52. An act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-four, videlicet, On the twenty-sixth day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, intituled, An act to explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other punishment of certain offenders, as relates to penitentiary houses.

53. An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

54. An act to indemnify all persons who may have incurred penalties or forfeitures under an act, passed in the second year of the reign of the King James the First, intituled, An act concerning tanners, curriers, shoemakers, and other artificers occupying the cutting of leather; and to repeal parts of the said act, relating to the buying of hides.

55. An act for encouraging the improvement of lands subject to the servitude of thirlage, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

56. An act to explain and amend the laws relative to colliers in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

57. An act for indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

58. An act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to sir James Marriott knight, late judge of the high court of admiralty, in consideration of his diligent and faithful services in the execution of that office.

59. An act for permitting certain goods, imported from the East Indies, to be warehoused; and for repealing the duties now payable thereon and granting other duties in lieu thereof.

60. An act for raising the sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities.

61. An act to repeal the duty granted by an act of the last session of parliament on raw linen yarn, the produce of the territories of the king of Prussia, and imported directly from thence into this kingdom; and for charging another duty in lieu thereof.

62. An act to amend an act made in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, and two acts made in the last session of parliament, for raising a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

63. An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on sugar imported and exported, and on coffee exported; and for reducing the drawbacks now allowed on the exportation of sugar.

64. An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

65. An act for allowing, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and five, a further bounty upon pilchards exported; and for amending an act made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for transferring the management of the salt duties to the commissioners of excise.

66. An act for placing the salaries of the sheriff deputes and substitutes of Scotland, upon the Scots civil list establishment.

67. An act to enable such person as his Majesty shall please to appoint to the vacant office of a baron of the exchequer, to take upon himself the degree of a serjeant at law.

68. An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of three millions for the uses and purposes therein-mentioned.

69. An act for raising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

70. An act for raising the sum of three millions, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

71. An act to enable the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to issue exchequer bills to a limited amount, on the credit of such monies as shall arise by virtue of an act of this session, for granting certain duties on income.

72. An act to amend an act made in the present session of parliament, intituled, An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, so far as relates to the assessments made upon trustees, agents, receivers, and guardians.

73. An act for exempting certain specifick legacies which shall be given to bodies corporate, or other publick bodies, from the payment of duty; and also the legacy of books and other articles given by the will of the late reverend Clayton Mordaunt Cracherode to the trustees of the British museum.

74. An act for further continuing until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and three, an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to enable the lord high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury for the time being, to let to farm the duties granted by an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, on horses let to hire for travelling post, and by time, to such persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

75. An act for reviving and making perpetual an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to prohibit the importation of light silver coin of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland; and to restrain the tender thereof beyond a certain sum.

76. An act for the more secure conveyance of ship letters, and for granting to his Majesty certain rates of portage thereon.

77. An act for repealing the duties on salt made in Scotland, and on salt imported from Scotland into England and Wales, and granting other duties in lieu thereof.

78. An act to continue, until the tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, and amend an act, passed in the present session of parliament, for continuing an act of the last session of parliament, for granting to ins Majesty additional duties on distilleries, in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland, for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland; and for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on spirits distilled for consumption, and a duty on unmalted grain used in distillation in Scotland.

79. An act for the more effectual suppression of societies established for seditious and treasonable purposes; and for better preventing treasonable and seditious practices.

80. An act for better regulating the manner of carrying slaves, in British vessels, from the coast of Africa.

81. An act to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen.

82. An act to explain and amend an act, passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, two several acts, passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better ordering the militia of the city of London, and for further regulating the trained bands or militia of the said city.

83. An act for transferring to the commissioners for auditing the publick accounts, the duties now performed in the offices of the auditors of the land revenue; and for directing the mode of attesting the accounts of the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces.

84. An act to enable the lords commissioners of the treasury to contract with the most noble Charles duke of Richmond, for the absolute purchase of the property of the said duke, and all others interested, in a certain duty of twelve-pence per chaldron on coals shipped in the river Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a compensation for the same, by way of annuity, payable out of the consolidated fund.

85. An act to protect masters against embezzlements by their clerks or servants.

86. An act for ascertaining the rate of duty to be paid for retail spirit licences; and for authorising the justices of the peace for any county to grant licences to sell ale, beer, or other liquors, by retail, in cities and places where a sufficient number of magistrates cannot be found qualified to grant such licences.

87. An act for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, and permit the importation, of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision, without payment of duty, to continue in force until six weeks from the commencement of the next session of parliament.

88. An act for erecting the county of Edinburgh into a separate districts, for the purpose of regulating the importation and exportation of corn.

89. An act for regulating the manner in which the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up ships for their regular service.

90. An act to amend two acts, passed in the twenty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the militia of the counties of Middlesex and Surrey; and for applying certain monies remaining in the hands of the clerks to the deputy lieutenants of the county of Middlesex, and other persons, towards the completing of the said militia.

91. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by lottery.

92. An act for altering the period of making up the annual account of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

93. An act to repeal so much of an act, passed in the seventh year of the reign of queen Anne, and also so much of an act, passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as puts an end to the forfeiture of inheritances upon attainder of treason, after the death of the pretender and his sons.

94. An act to ascertain the salary of the master and worker of his Majesty's mint.

95. An act to permit goods the produce of any foreign colony in America, imported directly from thence in any ship or vessel belonging to the subjects of any country or place in amity with his Majesty, to be entered and landed without payment of the duty granted by an act of the last session of parliament, for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom.

96. An act to enable Matthew Boulton, engineer, to export the machinery necessary for erecting a mint in the dominions of his imperial Majesty, the emperor of all the Russias.

97. An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

98. An act to allow the importation of Spanish wool, in ships belonging to countries in amity with his Majesty.

99. An act to encourage the trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient mode of performing quarantine, and for reducing the duty granted by an act of the last session, on goods the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any place within the streights of Gibraltar.

100. An act to revive and continue, until the end of the next session of parliament, an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to continue and amend an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the more effectual encouragement of the British fisheries; and to amend an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for extending the fisheries, and improving the sea coast of this kingdom.

101. An act to continue several laws relating to the further support and encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred, and to the discontinuing the duties payable on the importation of tallow, hog's lard, and grease until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six.

102. An act to revive and continue, until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, the bounties granted by an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for encouraging the fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe.

103. An act for making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.

104. An act to amend an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An act to enable his Majesty to grant commissions to a certain number of foreign protestants, who have served abroad as officers or engineers, to act and rank as officers or engineers in America only, under certain restrictions and qualifications.

105. An act to continue and amend so much of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, as permits sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the manufacture of Maidstone geneva.

106. An act for the reduction of the militia forces, at the time and in the manner therein limited for enabling his Majesty more effectually to increase his regular forces, for the vigorous prosecution of the war; and for amending the laws relating to the militia.

107. An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on bills of exchange and promissory notes for small sums of money.

108. An act to amend and render more effectual several acts for the redemption and purchase of the land tax.

109. An act for better recruiting the forces of the East India company.

110. An act for the augmentation of the salaries of the judges of the courts in Westminster Hall, and also of the lords of session, lords of of justiciary, and barons of exchequer, in Scotland; and for enabling his Majesty to grant annuities to persons in certain offices in the said courts of Westminster Hall, on their resignation of their respective offices.

111. An act to permit, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and two, the importation of certain naval stores from Hamburgh, and other ports of Germany.

112. An act to enable his Majesty, by order in council, to permit, until six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, such goods as shall be specified in such order to be imported into this kingdom, in neutral ships.

113. An act to enable such persons as his Majesty may be pleased to appoint to the office of chief justice, or of one of the justices of either bench, or of chief baron, or one of the barons of the exchequer, to take upon themselves the degree of a serjeant at law in vacation.

114. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, for applying certain sums of money therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

