Public Acts passed in 1805, 45 George 3 c.1 - c.129.
From Pickering, Statutes at Large, 1805.
---

1. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

2. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England; and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

3. An act to remedy certain omissions in an act, passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for the relief of certain insolvent debtors.

4. An act to continue, until six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act, made in the last session of parliament, for continuing an act to empower the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against his Majesty's person and government.

5. An act for explaining and amending an act made in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any act or acts relating to the duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and for amending the same, so far as relates to the power of acting as commissioners in certain districts.

6. An act to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and for extending the times limited for those purposes respectively, until this twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and five, and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of term, one thousand eight hundred and five.

7. An act for raising the sum of three millions by loans or exchequer-bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

8. An act for amending an act, passed in the last session of parliament, for granting additional annuities to the proprietors of stock created by two acts, passed in the thirty-seventh and forty-second years of his present Majesty.

9. An act for allowing vessels employed in the Greenland whale fishery, to complete their full number of men at certain ports for the present season.

10. An act for making further provision for the effectual performance of quarantine.

11. An act for granting certain additional rates and duties in Great Britain, on the conveyance of letters.

12. An act for raising the sum of twenty-two millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities.

13. An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties in Great Britain on horses used in riding, or for drawing certain carriages; and for consolidating the said additional duties with the present duties thereon.

14. An act for granting additional duties on salt in Great Britain.

15. An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties in Great Britain, on the amount of assessments to be charged on the profits arising from property, professions, trades, and offices.

16. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

17. An act for the regulation of his Majesty's royal marine forces while on shore.

18. An act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, certain rates and duties, and to allow certain drawbacks and bounties upon goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former rates and duties, drawbacks, and bounties.

19. An act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, certain inland duties of excise and taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former duties of excise and taxes.

20. An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp-duties in Ireland.

21. An act for repealing certain duties upon letters and packets sent by the post within Ireland, and granting other duties in lieu thereof.

22. An act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon malt made in Ireland, and upon spirits made or distilled in Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

23. An act to continue, Until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, and to amend several acts for regulating the drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Ireland.

24. An act for further continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, an act, passed in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for discontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof.

25. An act to continue an act for suspending the operation of an act of the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, for restraining the negociation of promissory notes and bills of exchange under a limited sum in England, until six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace.

26. An act for continuing several laws relating to the permitting the warehousing of spirits in Ireland for exportation, for charging a duty on the same when taken out for home consumption, and for regulating the exportation to Great Britain of spirits not warehoused, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and five ;to the prohibiting the exportation from, and permitting the importation to Great Britain of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision, without payment of duty, and to the prohibiting the exportation from Ireland of corn, or potatoes, or other provisions, and to the permitting the importation into Ireland of corn, fish, and provisions, without payment of duty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six.

27. An act to enable the lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury of Great Britain, to issue exchequer-bills, on the credit of such aids or supplies as have been or shall be granted by parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

28. An act for granting to his Majesty additional stamp duties in Great Britain on certain legacies.

29. An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties within Great Britain on certain goods, wares, and merchandise imported into or brought or carried coastwise.

30. An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties of excise in Great Britain.

31. An act for allowing a certain proportion of the militia in Great Britain voluntarily to enlist into his Majesty's regular forces and royal marines.

32. An act for granting to foreign ships put under his Majesty's protection the privileges of prize ships under certain regulations and restrictions; and for allowing aliens, in foreign colonies surrendered to his Majesty, to exercise the occupations of merchants or factors during the present war, and until six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace.

33. An act to make valid certain licences granted by virtue of an order in council for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, and merchandize from and to Spain in neutral vessels; and for indemnifying all persons concerned in advising such order, or granting or acting under such licences.

34. An act to permit the importation of goods and commodities from countries in America belonging to any foreign European sovereign or date in neutral ships, during the present war, and until six months after the Ratification of a definitive treaty of peace.

35. An act to continue, until the first day of one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend an act, passed in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, for carrying into execution the treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation between his Majesty and the United States of America.

36. An act to enable the East India Company to appoint the commander in chief on the Bengal establishment to be a member of the council of Fort William in Bengal, notwithstanding the office of governor-general of Fort William, and the office of commander in chief of all the forces in India, being vested in the same person.

37. An act for increasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers.

38. An act for allowing a certain proportion of the militia in Ireland voluntarily to enlist into his Majesty's forces and royal marines.

39. An act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and five, and amend an act, made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his present Majesty, for better regulating the issuing and granting of permits and certificates for the conveyance and protection of certain exciseable goods therein mentioned; and to prevent frauds by dealers in or retailers of such goods; so far as the same respects permits for spirits or spirituous liquors.

40. An act for raising the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities for the service of Ireland.

41. An act for restraining the negotiation of certain promissory notes and inland bills of exchange in Ireland.

42. An act to extend the provisions of an act made in the last session of parliament for preventing the counterfeiting of certain silver coin issued by the banks of England and Ireland respectively, to silver pieces, which may be issued by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, called Tokens, and to promote the circulation of the said Tokens.

43. An act to amend the laws for improving and keeping in repair the post-roads in Ireland, and for rendering the conveyance of letters by his Majesty's post-office more secure and expeditious.

44. An act for repealing so much of an act made in the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty, as exempts slate, the value whereof shall not exceed twenty shillings per ton, brought coastwise within Great Britain, from the duty thereby granted.

45. An act for making perpetual certain additional duties of excise on wine imported into Great Britain, granted by two acts passed in the forty-third and forty-fourth years of his present Majesty, and to allow a drawback of the said duties to admirals, captains, and other commissioned officers for wine contained on board his Majesty's ships of war.

46. An act to continue until the end of the next session of parliament, and amend an act made in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for appointing commissioners to inquire and examine into any irregularities, frauds, or abuses which are or have been practised by persons employed in the several naval departments therein mentioned.

47. An act to appoint commissioners to inquire and examine into the publick expenditure, and the conduct of publick business, in the military departments therein mentioned; and to report such observations as shall occur to them for correcting or preventing any abuses and irregularities, and for the better concluding and managing the business of the said departments; to continue in force for two years, and from thence until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the then next session of parliament.

48. An act for appointing commissioners for putting into execution an act of this session of parliament, for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five; and an act made in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

49. An act to repeal certain parts of an act, made in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for granting contributions on the profits arising from property, professions, trades, and offices; and to consolidate and render more effectual, the provisions for collecting the said duties.

50. An act for regulating licences for the sale of spirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, and cyder, by retail, and for discouraging the immoderate use of spirituous liquors in Ireland.

51. An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional stamp-duties, for amending the laws relating to the stamp-duties, and for indemnifying persons who have acted as notaries-publick without being duly licensed in Ireland.

52. An act for the better regulation of licences to persons in Ireland dealing in exciseable commodities, and engaged in the several occupations therein-mentioned.

53. An act for the collection of the malt-duties in Ireland, and regulating the trade of a maltster.

54. An act to amend an act, made in the ninth year of King George the First, for amending the laws relating to the settlement, employment, and relief of the poor, so far as the same respects contracts to be entered into for the maintenance and employment of the poor.

55. An act to amend an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, for better examining and auditing the publick accounts of this kingdom, and for enabling the commissioners, in certain cases, to allow of vouchers although not stamped according to law.

56. An act for further continuing, until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and nine, an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty, for enabling the commissioners of the Treasury to let to farm the duties on horses let to hire for travelling post, and by time.

57. An act to consolidate and extend the several laws now in force, for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods and merchandize into and from certain ports in the West Indies.

58. An act to repeal an act, made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for the better regulation of the office of paymaster-general of his Majesty's forces, and the more regular payment of the army; and for the more efteftually regulating the said office.

59. An act for amending an act, passed in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty, for regulating the election of members to serve in parliament, so far as relates to freeholds under the yearly value or twenty pounds; and for making further and other regulations relating thereto.

60. An act for making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

61. An act to revive and further continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend so much of an act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his present Majesty as grants certain allowances to adjutants and serjeant-majors of the militia of disembodied under an act of the same session of parliament.

62. An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

63. An act for defraying, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia of Ireland, for holding courts-martial on serjeant-majors, serjeants, corporals, and drummers, for offences committed during the time such militia shall not be embodied; and for making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the said militia during peace.

64. An act to amend an act made in the forty-first year of his present Majesty for granting bounties for taking and bringing fish to the cities of London and Westminster, and other places in the United Kingdom.

65. An act to continue until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and from thence until the end of the then next session of parliament, an act made in the last session of parliament for appointing commissioners to inquire into the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments, which are or have been lately received in the several publick offices in Ireland, therein-mentioned; to examine into any abuses which may exist in the same; and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for publick money in Ireland.

66. An act to prevent in Great Britain the illegally carrying away bark; and for amending two acts, passed in the sixth and ninth years of his present Majesty's reign for the preservation of timber trees, underwoods, roots, shrubs, plants, hollies, thorns, and quicksets.

67. An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty on Spanish red wine imported into Great Britain.

68. An act for making perpetual and amending several laws for encouraging the making of sail cloth in Great Britain, and securing the duties on foreign sail cloth imported; and for making perpetual several laws for permitting the exportation of a certain quantity of corn and grain to Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney; and for regulating the fees of officers of the customs, and of naval officers in the British colonies in America, and of the officers of the customs in Newfoundland.

69. An act for vesting in the barrack-master-general for the time being, estates, held or occupied for the barrack-service; and authorising him to sell the same, with the consent of the lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury.

70. An act to rectify a mistake in the name of one of the commissioners appointed by an act, passed in the present session of parliament, for appointing commissioners to inquire into the publick expenditure, and the conduct of publick business, in the military departments therein-mentioned.

71. An act to amend the several laws relating to the duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes.

72. An act for the encouragement of seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning his Majesty's navy during the present war.

73. An act to enable the commissioners of the treasury to contract with certain proprietors of stock created by two acts, passed in the thirty-seventh and forty-second years of his present Majesty, for granting other annuities in lieu thereof, or to pay the same off at the period herein-mentioned.

74. An act for granting to his Majesty a sum of money to be raised by lotteries.

75. An act to remove doubts touching appointments to certain offices in the court of chancery made during the vacancy of the office of register and keeper of the register and registers in that court.

76. An act to amend an act made in the parliament of Ireland, for the support of the honour and dignity of his Majesty's crown in Ireland; and for granting to his Majesty a civil list establishment under certain provisions and regulations.

77. An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the forty-second year of his present Majesty's reign, for consolidating the provisions of the several acts passed for the redemption and sale of the land-tax into one act.

78. An act to indemnify all persons concerned in advancing forty thousand pounds to Messieurs Boyd, Benfield, and company, in one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, out of the monies issued for naval services.

79. An act to amend several acts, passed in the parliament of Ireland, for appointing commissioners to inquire into the losses of such of his Majesty's loyal subjects as have suffered in their property during the rebellion in Ireland, and for other purposes in the said acts mentioned.

80. An act for continuing several laws relating to the regulating the prices at which corn and grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and, from Ireland to Great Britain, and to the admission to entry of oil and blubber of Newfoundland, taken by his Majesty's subjects carrying on the fishery from and residing in the said island, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six; and for reviving, amending, and continuing, for the same term, an act of the last session of parliament for permitting the importation of hides, and other articles in foreign ships.

81. An act to amend an act made in the thirty-first year of his present Majesty, for the better regulation and government of seamen employed in the coasting trade.

82. An act for repealing the duty chargeable on woollen goods of the manufacture of Great Britain exported to the East Indies.

83. An act to continue the operation of an act, passed in the last session of parliament to suspend proceedings in actions, prosecutions, and proceedings, under certain acts relating to the woollen manufacture, and also under an act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth so far as the same relates to certain persons employed or concerned in the said manufacture.

84. An act for making more effectual the gracious intentions of her late majesty Queen Anne, for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, so far as relates to the returns of certificates into the exchequer and gifts of personal property.

85. An act for authorising the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in Great Britain to advance a certain sum of money, to be applied in completing the Crinan canal.

86. An act to explain and amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, and the bounties and duties payable thereon.

87. An act to authorise the lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to permit certain articles to be warehoused in different parts in Great Britain, upon giving security for the payment of duties upon the articles therein-mentioned.

88. An act for repealing the duties of customs on cochineal dust and granilla imported into Great Britain; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

89. An act to alter and extend the provisions of the laws now in force for the punishment of the forgery of bank notes, bills of exchange, and other securities, to every part of Great Britain.

90. An act to empower his Majesty to retain upon full pay and allowances officers of the militia during the war, notwithstanding the reduction.

91. An act for appointing additional commissioners for the better examining and auditing certain of the publick accounts of Great Britain.

92. An act to amend two acts of the thirteenth and forty-fourth years of his present Majesty, for the more effectual execution of the criminal laws, and more easy apprehending and bringing to trial offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and from one county to another.

93. An act to amend two acts, passed in the forty-third and forty-fifth years of his present Majesty, for regulating the drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Great Britain.

94. An act for reducing the duty of excise on hops the growth of Great Britain.

95. An act to amend so much of an act of the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the provisions of the acts relating to the duties in Scotland under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, as relates to the appointment of assessors and sub-collectors, and the notices required to be delivered to persons assessed to the said duties.

96. An act for continuing the premiums allowed to ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery.

97. An act to indemnify all persons who have been concerned in issuing an order of council and directions for extending the time of certain ships continuing to perform quarantine.

98. An act for increasing the drawback on linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies.

99. An act for regulating and encouraging the trade, for the improvement of the revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the Isle of Man.

100. An act for fetter regulating the distilling of spirits in England for exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for exportation to England; for the better securing the duties payable thereon; and for altering the time of making entry, and granting licences to distil spirits for Scotland.

101. An act to repeal so much of an act, passed in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty, King George the Second, intituled, An act to restrain the disposition of lands, whereby the same become unalienable as restrains colleges within the two universities of Oxford and Cambridge from purchasing or holding advowsons, except as therein is provided.

102. An act to revive and continue an act made in the thirty-first year of his present Majesty, intituled, An for ths encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

103. An act for charging additional duties of customs on straw platting, and on straw hats or bonnets, imported into Great Britain.

104. An act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several acts for regulating and securing the collection of the duties on spirituous liquors distilled in Ireland, and the warehousing of such spirits for exportation.

105. An act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several acts for regulating the collection of the duties in Ireland, on fire hearths, on dwelling-houses, on coaches and other carriages, on male servants, on horses, and on dogs.

106. An act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several acts for regulating and securing the collection of the duties on paper made in Ireland, and on paper printed or stained in Ireland, to serve for hangings or other uses.

107. An act for charging, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, an additional duty on Spanish red wine imported into Ireland.

108. An act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, several acts for the better collection and security of the revenues of customs and excise in Ireland, and for preventing frauds therein.

109. An act to amend so much of an act, for granting to his Majesty several sums of money for defraying the charge of certain permanent services in Ireland, as relates to the military survey of Ireland.

110. An act for exempting from the duties on profits arising from property, the first half-yearly dividends or annuities, under an act of the present session, for raising the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities, for the service of Ireland, which shall not have been written into the books of the bank of England.

111. An act to amend and render more effectual an act made in the parliament of Ireland in the fifth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for erecting and establishing publick infirmaries or hospitals in this kingdom.

112. An act to appoint commissioners to inquire and examine into any irregularities or abuses which may have taken place in conducting and managing the paving, cleaning, and lighting the streets of Dublin; and to provide for the suspension of the powers and authorities of the corporation of directors and commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said streets, and for vesting the same in other persons during such suspension; and for the better conducing and managing the business of the said corporation.

113. An act for granting a certain sum of money towards improving the harbour on the north side, of the hill of Howth near Dublin, and rendering it a fit situation for his Majesty's packets.

114. An act for enabling the commissioners of the treasury of Great Britain, to advance a certain sum of money to the lord-provost, magistrates, and council of the city of Edinburgh, towards the completion of the docks and other works in the harbour of Leith.

115. An act for purchasing certain buildings and ground in or near Palace Yard, Westminster, for the use of the publick.

116. An act for enabling his Majesty to grant a certain creek, called Chelson Bay, otherwise Shilston Bay, in or near the parish of Plympton Saint Mary, in the county of Devon; and for vesting the same, for a valuable consideration, in the right honourable John lord Boringdon, and his heirs.

117. An act to continue the proceedings in the house of lords touching the conduct of Luke Fox esquire, one of the judges of the court of common pleas of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, notwithstanding any prorogation or dissolution of parliament.

118. An act for raising the sum of eight millions by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

119. An act for raising the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and five; and for indemnifying the bank of England for having advanced money for the publick service on the credit of certain exchequer-bills.

120. An act for raising the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

121. An act for the more effectual prevention of smuggling.

122. An act for charging additional duties on the importation of foreign plate glass into Great Britain.

123. An act for settling and securing a certain annuity on John now duke of Atholl, and the heirs general of the seventh earl of Derby.

124. An act to amend an act, passed in the fourth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for preventing inconveniences arising in cases of merchants, and such other persons as are within the description of the statutes relating to bankrupts, being entitled to privilege of parliament, and becoming insolvent; and to prevent delay in the entering appearances in actions brought against persons having privilege of parliament.

125. An act to provide that the proceedings now depending in the house of commons upon articles of charge of high crimes and misdemeanors which have been exhibited against Henry lord viscount Melville, shall not be discontinued by any prorogation or dissolution of parliament.

126. An act to indemnify persons who shall give evidence against Henry lord viscount Melville, upon the impeachment voted against him by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament assembled, in respect of acts done by such persons in any office or employment held by them under the said lord viscount Melville, during the time he held and enjoyed the office of treasurer of his Majesty's navy.

127. An act to vest the Townleian collection of ancient Sculpture in the trustees of the British Museum, for the use of the publick.

128. An act for allowing, under certain restrictions, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and six, the bringing a limited quantity of coals, culm, or cinders to London and Westminster by inland navigation.

129. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain fund of money out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain; and for applying certain monies therein-mentioned for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

