Public Acts passed in 1807, 47 George 3 stat. 1 c.1 - c.56.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1807.
---

1. An act to revive and make perpetual and to amend an Act made in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto.

2. An act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.

3. An act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.

4. An act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain. for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.

5. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and seven, and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and seven.

6. An act to continue, during the present War, and until One Year after the Termination thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for empowering His Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland as might voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain.

7. An act to declare that certain Provisions of an Act of the last Session of the last Parliament, intituled, An act to permit the free Interchange of every species of Grain between Great Britain and Ireland Shall extend to Grain the Produce of those Countries only.

8. An act to continue for the Term of Seven Years certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, for preventing the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition, and the making, removing, selling, and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms, and Ammunition, without Licence.

9. An act for allowing the Exportation annually of a limited Quantity of Worsted Yarn to Canada.

10. An act for raising the Sum of One Million by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.

11. An act to authorize His Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

12. An act to abolish certain Offices in the Customs in Ireland; and to abolish or regulate certain other Offices therein.

13. An act for investing certain Commissioners appointed for the Examination of Accounts and Expenditure relating to the Office of Barrack Master General, with certain Powers and Authorities necessary for the Examination of such Accounts and Expenditure.

14. An act to amend several Acts, for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as the same relate to Ireland.

15. An act to continue for the Term of Seven Years, certain Acts for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

16. An act to amend several Acts for the Sale of His Majesty's Quit Rents, Crown and other Rents, and of certain Lands forfeited, and undisposed of in Ireland.

17. An act to secure the Collection of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland; and to prevent Frauds therein.

18. An act to grant to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes, in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof; in lieu of former Duties of Excise, Taxes, and Drawbacks.

19. An act to provide more effectually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight.

20. An act to suspend, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Payment of all Drawbacks on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain or Ireland, and exported from either Country to the other respectively.

21. An act to provide for regulating and securing the Collection of certain Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Dwelling Houses, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Dogs, and Carriages.

22. An act to allow for Two Years, from and after the passing of this Act, an additional Bounty on Double Refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar to such as shall be pounded, crashed, or broken; and to allow for One Year certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported.

23. An act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, as vests in the South Sea Company or Corporation, by the said Act erected, the sole and exclusive Privilege of carrying on Trade and Traffic to and from any Part whatsoever of South America, or in the South Seas, which now are or may at any Time hereafter be in the Possession of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

24. An act for allowing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador, and for granting a Bounty thereon.

25. An act to allow Turkey Tobacco to be imported into Great Britain, in small Packages.

26. An act for extending to German Yarn the Provisions of an Act made in the last Session of the said Parliament for permitting Prussian Yarn to be imported in Foreign Ships on Payment of the like Duties as if imported in British Ships.

27. An act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise on Brandy in Great Britain.

28. An act for raising the Sum of Fourteen Millions Two hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities.

29. An act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imposed by an Act of the said Session of Parliament shall be suspended.

30. An act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma, and the Port of Crooked Island in the Bahama Islands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Ballast.

31. An act to repeal Part of the Duty on the Importation of unmanufactured Tobacco into Ireland.

32. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

33. An act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

34. An act for continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for allowing, under certain Restrictions, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation.

35. An act to secure the Payment of the Duties on Licences granted to Persons in Ireland dealing in Exciseable Commodities.

36. An act for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

37. An act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and amend an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and its Vicinity; and to amend an Act made in the Second Year of His present Majesty, to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum-Boats, and other Boats, upon the River Thames.

38. An act to amend several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland; and to make perpetual so much of an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to Paper Hangings printed or stained in Ireland.

39. An act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to settle Annuities on certain Branches of the Royal Family.

40. An act to grant to His Majesty, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof.

41. An act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments received in several Publick Offices in Ireland; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and into the Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Publick Money, in Ireland.

42. An act to continue for Twenty-one Years, so much of certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, as relate to the lighting, cleansing, and watching of Cities and Towns, for the lighting, cleansing, and watching of which no particular Provision is made by any Act of Parliament.

43. An act to declare, that the Provisions of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-third Year of King Henry the Eighth, relating to Servants Wages, shall extend to all Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland.

44. An act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating and providing for the Relief of the Poor and the Management of Infirmaries and Hospitals in Ireland.

45. An act to continue an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the better supplying the City of Dublin with Coals, and for the better Encouragement of the Collieries of Ireland.

46. An act for raising the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities, for the Service of Ireland.

47. An act to authorize the Payment of Prize Money arising from Captures made by Ships of his Sicilian Majesty in Conjunction with British Ships, to the Sicilian Envoy, for the Use of the Officers and Men of such Ships; and also the Payment of Money arising out of Proceeds of Prizes or Captures made by any other Ships or Vessels belonging to Foreign States, in Conjunction with His Majesty's Ships.

48. An act to repeal so much of certain Acts as relates to the Regulations or Conditions under which Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Sugar, and Rice, (not being the produce of the East Indies), are allowed to be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty; and to authorize the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs in His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, and the West Indies to administer certain Oaths.

49. An act for permitting the Exportation of Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, to any Place in Possession of His Majesty.

50. An act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

51. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for abolishing Fees received by certain Officers and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London, and for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others so employed, to the Out-Ports; and to appropriate the Fees of certain abolished and vacant Offices in the Customs to the Superannuation Fund.

52. An act for enabling His Majesty to grant the Palace called The King's House, with the Appurtenances, situate in Greenwich Park, in the County of Kent, to the Commissioners for the Government of The Royal Naval Asylum, and for enabling the said Commissioners to appoint a Chaplain to officiate therein.

53. An act to suspend for Twelve Months so much of an Act of the Second Year of King James the First, intituled, An act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers, occupying the cutting of Leather, as prohibits the regrating and ingrossing of Oaken Bark.

54. An act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

55. An act for charging the Sum of Twelve Millions, Part of the Loan of Twelve Millions two hundred thousand Pounds, raised for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, upon the Duties of Customs and Excise, granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace; and for providing a Sinking Fund for the Redemption of the Stocks or Funds thereby created.

56. An act for the further regulating the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy.

