Public Acts passed in 1811, 51 George 3 c.1 - c.128.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1811.
---

1. An act to provide for the Administration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Illness; and for the Resumption of the Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty.

2. An act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

3. An act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

4. An act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

5. An act for raising the Sum of One Million, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

6. An act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof.

7. An act to amend Two Acts of the Thirteenth and Thirty second Years of His present Majesty, relating to the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture.

8. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

9. An act for the Regulation of His Majesty Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

10. An act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty three, certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, so far as the same relate to the Improvement of the City oF Dublin, by making wide and convenient Passages through the same.

11. An act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty two, certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, so far as the same relate to the Duty on Coals imported into the Harbour of Dublin, and to the regulating the Coal Trade thereof.

12. An act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

13. An act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended; and for continuing so much of an Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty as allows a Bounty upon Double Refined Sugar exported, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and so much of the same Act as allows a Bounty on Raw Sugar, exported until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

14. An act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported from Great Britain, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax into Great Britain, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; to the prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation into Great Britain of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty during the Continuance of the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace; and to the permitting the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

15. An act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, For the Purpose and in Manner therein mentioned.

16. An act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills.

17. An act to render valid certain Acts done for completing the Regular Militia, and to indemnify the Persons concerned therein.

18. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

19. An act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure and the Conduct of the Public Business in the Military Departments therein mentioned, and to extend the same to Public Works executed by the Office of Works and others.

20. An act to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia of Great Britain to enlist annually into the Regular Forces; and to provide for the gradual Reduction of the said Militia.

21. An act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An act to direct that Accounts of Increase and Diminution of Public Salaries, Pensions and Allowances, shall be annually laid before Parliament; and to regulate and controul the Granting and Pay of such Salaries, Pensions and Allowances; so far as respects the Grant of Pensions or Allowances by His Majesty to Persons who previously to the passing of the said Act had served the Crown in Foreign Courts.

22. An act for raising the Sum of Two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland.

23. An act for rendering more effectual an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An act for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

24. An act to repeal so much of an Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, as prevents Masters of Ships removing their Vessels out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of London, before the Goods are discharged or their Vessels are cleared by the proper Officers inwards or outwards, so far as relates to any Ship or Vessel entered inwards or outwards from or to any Port in Ireland.

25. An act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act made in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

26. An act for raising the Sum of Four millions nine hundred eighty one thousand three hundred Pounds by way of Annuities.

27. An act to explain and amend Two Acts of the Fiftieth and Fifty first Years of His present Majesty, for continuing certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, and other Purposes mentioned in the said Acts.

28. An act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

29. An act for continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, Two Acts of the Forty fifth and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation.

30. An act to amend the several Acts for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland.

31. An act to continue, during the present War and until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and amend an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain.

32. An act for the better securing Exciseable Goods on board Vessels in the Port of Bristol.

33. An act for repealing so much of Two Acts of the Fourteenth and Twenty fifth Years of His present Majesty as relates to weaving Blue Stripes in British Calicoes.

34. An act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery.

35. An act to secure to the Bank of Ireland the Repayment of all Monies advanced by them for the Purposes and in the manner therein mentioned.

36. An act to facilitate the Execution of Justice within The Cinque Ports.

37. An act further to prevent the Marriage of Lunatics.

38. An act to protect Masters against Embezzlements by their Clerks and Servants in Ireland.

39. An act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hemp Manufactures, as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Felons convicted of stealing Cloth from Bleaching Grounds; and for more effectually preventing such Felonies.

40. An act to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for repealing certain Parts of several Acts relating to the limiting the Number of Persons to be carried by Stage Coaches in Ireland.

41. An act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An act for the more effectually preventing the stealing of Linen, Fustian, and Cotton Goods and Wares, in Buildings, Fields, Grounds and other Places used for printing, whitening, bleaching or drying the same, as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Persons dealing Cloth in Places therein mentioned; and for the more effectually preventing such Felonies.

42. An act to empower the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to exonerate Distillers of Spirits from Sugar, from the Excess of the Duties to which they were liable in consequence of the Expiration of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, above the Duties imposed by the said Act.

43. An act for altering the time at which the additional Duties of Customs imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament on certain Species of Wood were to have taken place; and for granting a Drwback upon Deals and Timber used in the Mines of Tin, Copper and Lead, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

44. An act for imposing an additional Duty on Linen imported into Great Britain during the Continuance of the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

45. An act for taking away the public Use of certain Ships' Rooms in the Town of Saint John in the island of Newfoundland; and for instituting Surrogate Courts on the Coast of Labrador, and in certain Islands adjacent thereto.

46. An act to authorize the Officers of the Customs to act for the Superintendant of Quarantine, and his Assistant.

47. An act for carrying into Effect the Provisions of a Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and His Royal Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal.

48. An act to permit Rum and other Spirits, the Produce of the British Colonies in the West Indies, to be imported into Lower Canada from Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, and the Islands of Cape Breton, Prince Edward and Newfoundland.

49. An act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by way of Annuities.

50. An act to allow a greater Number of Sheep to be carried from England to the Isle of Man than are now permitted by Law.

51. An act for abolishing the Duties of the Prizage and Butlerage of Wines in Ireland.

52. An act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for consolidating the Duties of Customs for the Isle of Man, and for placing the same under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England.

53. An act for raising the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

54. An act for raising the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

55. An act for abolishing the Superannuation Fund in the Department of the Customs, and for transferring the same to the Head of Consolidated Customs, and for authorizing the Payment of all retired Allowances on that Department out of Consolidated Customs.

56. An act to grant additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco manufactured in Ireland.

57. An act to amend an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for encouraging the Export of Salted Beef and Pork from Ireland.

58. An act to allow the free Importation between Great Britain and Ireland of Home-made Chocolate; to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Chocolate into Ireland so long as the same shall be prohibited in Great Britain; and to grant certain Duties on Cocoa Nuts imported into Ireland.

59. An act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise on Wash and other Liquors used in the Distillation of Spirits; and on foreign Spirits imported.

60. An act to repeal the Duties of Stamps on Hats made in Ireland, and on Licences to Persons to manufacture Hats, or to utter or vend Hats in Ireland, and all Regulations for securing the said Duties.

61. An act for charging the Sum of Seven millions five hundred thousand Pounds, raised for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, upon the Duties granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

62. An act to permit Rum and other Spirits, the Produce of the British Colonies in the West Indies, to be imported into Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, and the Islands of Cape Breton, Prince Edward and Newfoundland, from the Island of Bermuda.

63. An act to authorize the Punishment, by Confinement and hard Labour, of Persons in Ireland liable to Transportation; and to repeal so much of a former Act as relates to that Subject.

64. An act to enable the East India Company to raise a further Sum of Money upon Bond, instead of increasing their Capital Stock; and to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relative thereto.

65. An act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An act for the more effectual Suppression of Societies established for seditions and treasonable Purposes, and for better preventing treasonable and seditious Practices, so far as respects certain Penalties on Printers and Publishers.

66. An act to amend and render more effectual several Acts for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious; and for erecting, repairing and maintaining Light Houses round the Coast of Ireland, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof.

67. An act for repealing the Duties of Customs now payable on the Importation of Hides in the Hair, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

68. An act for charging an additional Duty on Verdigris imported.

69. An act for repealing the Duty on the Materials used in making Flint and Phial Glass; and for granting, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, other Duties in lieu thereof; and for continuing and amending an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An act for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Collection of the said Duties.

70. An act for repealing the Hat Duty in Great Britain.

71. An act for the Abolition and Regulation of certain Offices in the Customs.

72. An act for granting Exemptions in certain Cases from the Payment of the Duties charged in respect of Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs, kept in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

73. An act for the better Security of His Majesty's Naval Arsenal in the River Medway, and Portsmouth and Hamoaze Harbours, and of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels lying at and resorting to the same.

74. An act for authorizing the Sale of Prize Goods lodged in Warehouses after a certain Period.

75. An act for making further Provision for the Payment of Salaries and other Charges in the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India; and for enabling the East India Company to restore to the Service of the said Company, Military Officers removed therefrom by Sentences of Courts Martial; and to authorize the said Company, in Cases of unforeseen Emergency, to take up Ships by private Contract.

76. An act for letting to Farm the Duties on Horses hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling, and on Horses hired for a less Period of Time than Twenty eight Days, for drawing Carriages used in travelling Post or otherwise, in Great Britain; and for facilitating the Recovery of the said Duties.

77. An act to amend the Laws for regulating the Election, in Ireland, of Members to serve in Parliament.

78. An act to make Provision in cenain Cases for the Wives and Families of Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Privates, serving in the Militia or Ireland.

79. An act to amend an Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics, being Paupers or Criminals, in England.

80. An act to render valid certain Indentures for the binding of Parish Apprentices.

81. An act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, certain Acts for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites and Emoluments, received in several Public Offices in Ireland; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and into the Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for Public Money in Ireland.

82. An act for establishing Regulations respecting Rock Salt delivered to the Refineries; for granting Relief for Salt lost at Sea by Shipwreck or Capture; and for reviving, amending and continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, so much of an Act of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty as allows the Use of Salt, Dutyfree, for curing Fish in Bulk or in Barrels.

83. An act for allowing the like Drawback of Duty paid on Coals used in certain Mines and Smelting Mills in Devonshire, as is now allowed in the County of Cornwall.

84. An act to explain an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, for better securing the Freedom of Election of Members to serve in Parliament, by disabling certain Officers employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty's Revenues from giving their Votes at such Elections, so far as relates to Coal Meters and Corn Meters of the City of London.

85. An act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted, by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

86. An act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and to amend several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant to His Majesty, until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland.

87. An act for allowing the Manufacture and Use of a Liquor prepared from Sugar for colouring Porter, and for indemnifying persons who have manufactured or used such Colouring.

88. An act for raising the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

89. An act to increase the Salary of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.

90. An act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

91. An act for discharging certain Arrears of Quit, Crown and Composition Rents, which have been growing due in Ireland.

92. An act to repeal certain Parts of several Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, relating to the Tolls on Stage Coaches, carrying above a certain Number of Passengers, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

93. An act for granting additional Duties of Customs on Fir Timber, of certain Dimensions, of the Growth of Norway imported into Great Britain.

94. An act to continue, until the Twenty ninth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An act to extend and amend the Term and Provisions of an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest; and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest and the Lands of the Crown within the same.

95. An act to explain and amend certain Laws of Excise respecting the Duties on Estates and Goods sold by Auction; the allowing Dealers to roast their own Coffee on certain Conditions; and to the Water Mark of the Year on Paper intended for Exportation.

96. An act to extend the Powers vested in the Commissioners of the Customs of restoring Vessels and Goods seized, to Seizures made by virtue of any Acts relating to the Department of the Customs.

97. An act to regulate the Trade between Places in Europe South of Cape Finisterre, and certain Ports in the British Colonies in North America.

98. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to give Securities and to register Memorials thereof, under an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and for extending the times limited for those Purposes respectively, until Two Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

99. An act for removing Doubts as to the registering of certain Property purchased or sold under the Land Tax Redemption Act, in light of which Persons may claim to vote at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

100. An act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An act to regulate the Trial of Causes, Indictments and other Proceedings which arise within the Counties of certain Cities and Towns Corporate within this Kingdom.

101. An act for amending an Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the British White Herring Fishery.

102. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for discharging from the Claims of the Crown certain Real and Personal Estates belonging to General De Lancey, late Barrack Mstler General, and vested in Trustees for Sale; and also for vesting and settling certain Lands heretofore contracted to be purchased by the said General De Lancey in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of a Debt due of the Crown, and for other Purposes relative thereto.

103. An act to authorize the allowing Officers to retire on Half Pay or other Allowances, under certain Restrictions.

104. An act for extending and amending the Regulations now in Force, relative to the Payment to the Royal Hospital at Chelsea of the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize Money.

105. An act to enable Persons to bequeath Lands and Tenements to the Commissioners for the Government of The Royal Naval Asylum, and to authorize the said Commissioners to hold the same for the Benefit of the said Asylum; and for amending an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty relating to the said Asylum.

106. An act for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked for Foreign Service, to return to their Homes.

107. An act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven.

108. An act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

109. An act for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

110. An act to prevent the counterfeiting of Silver Pieces denominated Tokens, intended to be issued and circulated by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the respective Sums of Five Shillings and Six Pence, Three Shillings, and One Shilling, and Six Pence; and to prevent the bringing into the Kingdom or uttering any such counterfeit Pieces or Tokens.

111. An act for permitting Sir William Bishop and George Bishop to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva; for charging the same with certain Duties; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act of this Session, for empowering the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to exonerate Distillers of Spirits from Sugar from the Excess of Duties therein mentioned.

112. An act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain.

113. An act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

114. An act to permit the Services of the Regiment of Miners, of Cornwall and Devon to be extended to Ireland.

115. An act for amending the Act Forty third George Third, to promote the building, repairing or otherwise providing the Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the Residence of Ministers, and the providing of Church Yards and Glebes.

116. An act to enable His Majesty to grant a Piece of Ground within the Tower of London, to be used as an additional Burial Ground for Persons dying within the said Tower.

117. An act for grauting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

118. An act to permit the Interchange of the British and Irish Militias respectively.

119. An act for repealing Two Acts made in the Forty second and Forty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in or near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; to continue in force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

120. An act to amend an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually preventing the stealing of Deer.

121. An act to suspend the Payment of all Drawbacks on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain or Ireland, and exported from either Country to the other respectively; and to suspend the Importation into Great Britain of any Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, except such as shall have been warehoused according to Law; and for regulating the Exportation of Home-made Spirits from Great Britain to Ireland and from Ireland to Great Britain, until Three Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

122. An act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into the Nature and Extent of the several Bogs in Ireland, and the Practicability of draining and cultivating them, and the best means of effecting the same.

123. An act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors In Ireland.

124. An act further to extend and render more effectual certain Provisions of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, to explain, amend and render more effectual the said former Act; and of Two Acts passed in the Nineteenth and Forty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extending the Provisions of the said former Acts.

125. An act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England.

126. An act to extend an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for England, respecting the Expences of Hustings and Poll Clerks, so far as regards the City of Westminster.

127. An act for making more effectual Provision for preventing the Current Gold Coin of the Realm from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the Current Value of such Coin; for preventing any Note or Bill of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from being received for any smaller Sum than the Sum therein specified; and for staying Proceedings upon any Distress by Tender of such Notes.

128. An act to explain an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An act to permit the Interchange of the British and Irish Militias respectively.

