Public Acts passed in 1812, 52 George 3 c.1 - c.165.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1812.
---

1. An act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

2. An act to permit Sugar, the Produce of Martinique and other conquered Islands in the West Indies, to be taken out of Warehouse on the Payment of the like Rate of Duty for Waste as British Plantation Sugar.

3. An act to revive and continue until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, in the United Kingdom, as relates to Great Britain; and to revive and continue another Act made in the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, to suspend the Importation of British or Irish-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wash made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain.

4. An act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

5. An act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Ponds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

6. An act for making Provision for the better Support of His Majesty's Household, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition.

7. An act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum for defraying the Expenses incident to the Assumption of the Personal Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Royal Highness the Prince Regent in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty.

8. An act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Household, and enabling Her Majesty the Queen to meet the increased Expence to which Her Majesty may be exposed during His Majesty's Indisposition; and for the Care of His Majesty's Real and Personal Property; and to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament to provide for the Administration of the Royal Authority during His Majesty's Illness.

9. An act to repeal an Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Coals, Culm and Cinders and making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for requiring Ships in the Coal Trade to be measured.

10. An act to amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Sum of Money to be raised by Exchequer Bills, to be advanced and applied in the manner and upon the Terms therein mentioned for the Relief of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

11. An act to repeal an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for establishing certain Regulations in the Offices of the House of Commons, and to establish other and further Regulations in the said Offices.

12. An act for extending the Laws for preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores to Ireland.

13. An act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England.

14. An act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills.

15. An act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended; and for continuing so much of an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty as allows a Bounty on Raw Sugar exported, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

16. An act for the more exemplary Punishment of Persons destroying or injuring any Stocking or Lace Frames, or other Machines or Engines used in the Framework knitted Manufactory, or any Articles or Goods in such Frames or Machines; to continue in force until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

17. An act for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding, until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in Places where Disturbances prevail or are apprehended.

18. An act for making perpetual an Act made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate.

19. An act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

20. An act to continue several Laws relating to permitting the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever, and to permitting Goods and Commodities to be imported into and exported from Nova Scotia and New Brunswick in any Ship or Vessel, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and to the amending an Act for consolidating and extending the several Laws in force for allowing the Importation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

21. An act to render valid and effectual certain Oaths administered to and taken by certain Members of the House of Commons before Deputies of the late Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household, during the Vacancy of the said Office.

22. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

23. An act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

24. An act for raising the Sum of Six millions seven hundred and eighty nine thousand six hundred and twenty five Pounds by way of Annuities.

25. An act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

26. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

27. An act for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked in Ireland for Foreign Service to return to their Homes.

28. An act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, making Provision for the Families of Militia Men in Ireland.

29. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia of Ireland.

30. An act to provide for regulating the Warehousing of Spirits, distilled from Corn in Ireland, for Exportation without Payment of the Duty of Excise chargeable thereon; and to transfer the Custody of Spirits so warehoused, from the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, and their Officers, to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and their Officers.

31. An act to repeal an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act against lewd and wandering Persons pretending themselves to be Soldiers or Mariners.

32. An act for the Relief of Infant Suitors in Courts of Equity entitled to Stock or Annuities in any of the Public or other Funds transferrable at the Bank of England.

33. An act to continue, until the Expiration of Six Months after the Conclusion of the present War, an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Masts, Yards, Bowsprits and Timber for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America, Duty free.

34. An act for altering and amending an Act made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and of an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for making perpetual an Act made in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for the further Relief of Debtors; and for other Purposes in the said Act expressed.

35. An act to prohibit all Intercourse between the Island of Jamaica and certain Parts of the Island of Saint Domingo.

36. An act for granting additional Duties on Mahogany not imported from the Bay of Honduras, and for reducing the Duties on certain Species of Wood imported from the said Bay.

37. An act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Earl Wellington and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Earl Wellington shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

38. An act for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in England.

39. An act for the more effectual Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships and Vessels on the Coast of England.

40. An act to make Provision for a limited Time respecting certain Grants of Offices.

41. An act to amend and continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure and the Conduct of the Public Business, in the Military Departments therein mentioned; and another Act, of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for continuing and extending the same to Public Works executed by the Office of Works and others.

42. An act for amending the Laws relating to the Allowance of the Bounties on Pilchards exported until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

43. An act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

44. An act for the Erection of a Penitentiary House for the Confinement of Offenders convicted within the City of London and County of Middlesex; and for making Compensation to Jeremy Bentham Esquire, for the Non-performance of an Agreement between the said Jeremy Bentham and the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, respecting the Custody and Maintenance of Convicts.

45. An act to suspend the Exportation from Ireland to Parts beyond the Seas of Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain, until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

46. An act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof; and to repeal certain Bounties given to Persons licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer and Ale by Retail in Ireland.

47. An act to revive and continue until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in the United Kingdom, as relates to Ireland.

48. An act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland from Corn, malted or unmalted, in Stills of and under One hundred Gallons Content.

49. An act to continue the Period for purchasing the Legal Quays in the Port of London; and to enable the Lords of the Treasury to purchase Buildings in Thames Street, for the Purpose of erecting a new Custom House.

50. An act to continue until Three Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for making more effectual Provision for preventing the current Gold Coin of the Realm from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the current Value of such Coin; for preventing any Note or Bill of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from being received for any smaller Sum than the Sum therein specified; and for staying Proceedings upon any Distress by tender of such Notes; and to extend the same to Ireland.

51. An act to provide for the more speedy Examination, controuling and finally auditing the Military Accounts of Ireland.

52. An act to provide for the speedy and regular Examination and Audit of the Public Accounts of Ireland; and to repeal certain former Acts relating thereto.

53. An act for extending the Time in which Coffee of the British Plantations may be sold by Auction without Payment of the Duty on Auctions; and for making an Allowance of such Duty on Coffee sold for which the said Duty has not been paid.

54. An act for continuing, until the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain.

55. An act to prevent Foreign Goods of certain Descriptions being brought from the United States of America into Canada; and to allow a greater Quantity of Worsted Yarn to be exported from Great Britain to Canada.

56. An act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending an Act for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of One Shilling and Six pence in the Pound on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Pensions and Stipends.

57. An act to enable His Majesty to settle on their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Augusta Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary and Sophia, an Annuity of Thirty six thousand Pounds, instead of the Annuity settled on them by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty.

58. An act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Excise on Tobacco to be manufactured in Ireland; and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof, in lieu of former Duties of Excise and Drawbacks; and to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the said Duties.

59. An act for allowing on the Exportation of manufactured Plate for the private Use of Persons residing or going to reside abroad, the same Drawback as is now allowed on the Exportation of such Plate by way of Merchandize.

60. An act for altering the mode of Payment of the Superannuation Allowances in the Department of the Customs in Scotland.

61. An act to grant an Excise Duty on Spirits made or distilled from Sugar in Ireland, during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain there, in lieu of the Excise Duty now chargeable thereon, and to allow a Drawback on the Export thereof.

62. An act to enable Coadjutors to Archbishops and Bishops in Ireland to execute the Powers of Archbishops and Bishops respectively.

63. An act for more effectually preventing the Embezzlement of Securities for Money and other Effects, left or deposited for safe Custody, or other special Purpose, in the Hands of Bankers, Merchants, Brokers, Attornies or other Agents.

64. An act for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Thirtieth Year of King George the Second, against Persons obtaining Money by false Pretences, to Persons so obtaining Bonds and other Securities.

65. An act to allow the Use of Sugar in brewing Beer in Great Britain.

66. An act to explain and amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices; in respect of which Security ought to be given, and for avoiding the Grant of all such Offices in the Event of such Security not being; given within a time to be limited after the Grant of such Offices.

67. An act for settling and securing certain Annuities on the Widow and eldest Son of the late Right Honourable Spencer Perceval, and for granting a Sum of Money for the Use of his other Children.

68. An act for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in Scotland.

69. An act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland.

70. An act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland.

71. An act for the better Cultivation of Navy Timber in the Forest of Woolmer, in the County of Southampton.

72. An act for the better Cultivation of Navy Timber in the Forest of Alice Holt, in the County of Southampton.

73. An act for repealing so much of an Act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief of the Poor within England; and enlarging the Powers of the Guardians of the Poor, as limits the annual Amount of the Assessments.

74. An act to continue until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into the Nature and Extent of the several Bogs in Ireland, and the Practicability of draining and cultivating them, and the best Means of effecting the same.

75. An act to provide for the more complete and effectual Liquidation of a Debt due to His Majesty from the late Abraham Goldsmid, Merchant, and his surviving Partners; and to confirm and establish certain Agreements entered into for that and other Purposes relating thereto.

76. An act to amend several Acts relating to the Revenue of Custom and Port Duties in Ireland.

77. An act for granting an additional Drawback on Flint, Phial and Crown Glass; for charging an additional Countervailing Duty on Flint and Crown Glass imported from Ireland; and for the better Prevention of Frauds in the Exportation of Glass on Drawback.

78. An act to make better Provision for the Commissioners of Appeal in Revenue Causes in Ireland.

79. An act to allow British Plantation Sugar and Coffee, imported into Bermuda in British Ships, to be exported to the Territories of the United States of America in Foreign Ships or Vessels; and to permit Articles, the Production of the said United States, to be imported into the said Island in Foreign Ships or Vessels.

80. An act for extending the Period in which Deeds were directed to be enrolled by an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for amending several Acts for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax.

81. An act to amend an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for providing a durable Allowance of Superannuation to the Officers of Excise, under certain Restrictions.

82. An act for transferring the Scotch Excise Charity and Superannuation Funds to the Consolidated Fund, and paying all future Allowances from the latter Fund, and for making Provision for certain superannuated Officers of Excise in England and Scotland.

83. An act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

84. An act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

85. An act for raising the Sum of Twenty two millious five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities.

86. An act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

87. An act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in lieu thereof; and for transferring the Management of the Duties on Playing Cards and Dice from the Commissioners of Inland Excise to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties.

88. An act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Rates of Postage in Great Britain.

89. An act for charging an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain, until the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Ratification of a Definite Treaty of Peace.

90. An act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

91. An act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large.

92. An act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, certain Acts for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites and Emoluments received in several Public Offices in Ireland; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and into the mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for Public Money in Ireland.

93. An act for granting to His Majesty certain new and additional Duties of Assessed Taxes; and for consolidating the same with the former Duties of Assessed Taxes.

94. An act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain on Glass, Hides, and Tobacco and Snuff.

95. An act to amend and regulate the Assessment and Collection of the Assessed Taxes, and of the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

96. An act for applying the Amount of the Bounties on certain Linens exported from Great Britain towards defraying the Charge of the Loan made and Stock created in the present Session of Parliament.

97. An act to amend several Acts relating to the Revenue of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland.

98. An act to permit Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa to be exported from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, and Corn to be imported from any such Port, and from the Coast of Africa, into the said Colonies and Plantations, under Licences granted by the Collectors and Controllers of the Customs.

99. An act for allowing certain Articles to be imported into the Bahama Islands and exported therefrom in Foreign Vessels; and for encouraging the Exportation of Salt from the said Islands.

100. An act to permit the Exportation of Wares, Goods and Merchandize from any of His Majesty's Islands in the West Indies to any other of the said Islands, and to and from any of the British Colonies on the Continent of America, and the said Islands and Colonies.

101. An act to provide a summary Remedy in Cases of Abuses of Trusts created for Charitable Purposes.

102. An act for the registering and securing of Charitable Donations.

103. An act for the more easy Manning of Vessels employed in the Southern Whale Fishery.

104. An act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for preventing the administering or taking Unlawful Oaths.

105. An act to continue, amend and extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Secretary at War to enforce Returns from Clerks of Subdivisions and others, in relation to Fines, Bounties and Sums due under any Acts relating to the Defence of the Realm or Militia, for the Purpose of directing the Distribution and securing the due Application thereof.

106. An act for increasing the Duty on Rum and other Spirits imported into Newfoundland from the British Colonies and Plantations on the Continent of America, and charging a Duty on Spirits imported into Newfoundland from His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies.

107. An act for extending the Allowance of the Duty on Salt used in making Oxiginated Muriatic Acid for bleaching Linen, to Salt used in making such Acid for bleaching Thread and Cotton Twill.

108. An act to amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for placing the Duties of Hawkers and Pedlars under the Management of the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches.

109. An act to empower the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital to commute Pensions for a Sum of Money in certain Cases.

110. An act for amending an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the more easy assessing, collecting and levying of County Rates; and for the remedying certain Defects in the Laws relating to the repairing of County Bridges and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England.

111. An act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

112. An act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

113. An act for raising the Sum of One million two hundred and sixteen thousand six hundred and sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four pence Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

114. An act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

115. An act to make more effectual Provision for enabling the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, to erect, repair and maintain Light Houses and Lights round the Coasts of Ireland, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof.

116. An act to amend an Act of this Session of Parliament for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia of England.

117. An act for imposing additional Duties of Customs on certain Species of Wood, and on Pot and Pearl Ashes imported into Great Britain.

118. An act to amend an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An act to revive and continue until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twelve, so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, in the United Kingdom, as relates to Great Britain; and to revive and continue another Act made in the Forty ninth Year aforesaid, to suspend the Importation of British or Irish-made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wash made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain.

119. An act to repeal so much of an Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, as permits the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Turkey, Egypt or the Levant Seas, in Foreign Ships.

120. An act to explain, amend and extend the Provisions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers to return to their Homes, to the Widows, Wives and Families of Soldiers dying or employed on Foreign Service.

121. An act to authorize the Transfer, to the East Indies, of Debts originally contracted there, on the Part of the East India Company, payable in England.

122. An act to remove Doubts as to an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to raising Men for the Service of the East India Company.

123. An act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, to enable His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales to grant Leases of certain Lands and Premises called Prince's Meadows, in the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Parcel of His said Royal Highness's Duchy of Cornwall, for the Purpose of building thereon.

124. An act for vesting in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, certain Lands or Grounds, formerly Part of the Wastes of the Manor of Sandhurst, in the County of Berks, freed and discharged of Commonable and other Rights.

125. An act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

126. An act to repeal the several Acts for the Collection and Management of the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to make more effectual Regulations for collecting and managing the said Duties.

127. An act to prohibit, until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twelve, the making of Starch, Hair Powder and Blue, from Wheat and other Articles of Food; and for suspending Part of the Duties now payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Starch.

128. An act for better securing the Duties on Malt.

129. An act for amending Two Acts passed in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.

130. An act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons destroying the Properties of His Majesty's Subjects; and enabling the Owners of such Properties to recover Damages for the Injury sustained.

131. An act to exempt from the Duties of One Shilling and of Six pence in the Pound, certain Augmentations made to the Stipends of Parishes in Scotland.

132. An act for explaining, amending and extending the several Laws relative to the Payment of forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Army Prize Money, to the Royal Hospital at Chelsea; and for directing the mode of making up the Accounts of Pensions paid to the Widows of Officers of the Army.

133. An act for taking an Account of the Population of Ireland, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof.

134. An act for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade in Ireland.

135. An act for advancing Two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds to the East India Company, to enable them to discharge Part of the Indian Debt.

136. An act to enable the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to regulate the Price of Coals to be bought for the Benefit of the Poor of the City of Dublin.

137. An act for extending the time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money, advanced by way of Loan under an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the manner therein mentioned.

138. An act for the further Prevention of the counterfeiting of Silver Tokens issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Dollars, and of Silver Pieces issued and circulated by the said Governor and Company, called Tokens; and for the further Prevention of Frauds practised by the Imitation of the Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company.

139. An act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Stone Bottles made in or imported into Great Britain.

140. An act to permit the Exportation of certain Articles to the Isle of Man from Great Britain.

141. An act to regulate the manner of licensing Boats by the Commissioners of the Customs, and the delivering up of Licences in Cases of Loss or Capture of Vessels licensed; and for enabling the Commissioners of the Customs to purchase certain Boats at a Valuation.

142. An act to permit the Removal of Goods from one Bonding Warehouse to another, in the same Port.

143. An act for amending and reducing into one Act, the Provisions contained in any Laws now in force imposing the Penalty of Death for any Act done in Breach of or in Resistance to any Part of the Laws for collecting His Majesty's Revenue in Great Britain.

144. An act to suspend and finally vacate the Seats of Members oF the House of Commons, who shall become Bankrupts, and who shall not pay their Debts in full, within a limited time.

145. An act to explain the Exemption from Toll in several Acts of Parliament, for Carriages employed in Husbandry; and for regulating the Tolls to be paid on other Carriages, and on Horses, in certain other Cases therein specified.

146. An act for the better regulating and preferring Parish and other Registers of Births, Baptisms, Marriages and Burials in England.

147. An act for regulating the Allowances granted out of the Duties of Assessed Taxes, to Persons in respect of the Number of their Children, by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty; and for extending the Limitation mentioned in the said Act in Proportion to the Increase of the said Duties.

148. An act to enable the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse for the time being, to dispose of and transfer all such Public Stocks or Funds, as now do or shall hereafter stand in his Name, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in Trust for His Majesty.

149. An act to regulate the Separation of damaged from found Coffee, and to permit Dealers to send out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding eight Pounds Weight without Permit, until the End of Two Years from the passing of this Act.

150. An act to amend an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for granting Stamp Duties in Great Britain, so far as regards the Duties granted on Medicines and on Licences for vending the same.

151. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Half Pay and Allowance of Officers retiring from Service; and to authorize the allowing to Foreign Officers wounded, the like Pensions and Allowances as are given to British Officers under the like circumstances.

152. An act to repeal an Act, passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An act for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and for the more effectually regulating the said Office.

153. An act to rectify a Mistake and to carry into more effectual Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the British White Herring Fishery.

154. An act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twelve; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

155. An act to repeal certain Acts, and amend other Acts relating to Religious Worship and Assemblies, and Persons teaching or preaching therein.

156. An act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons aiding Prisoners of War to escape from His Majesty's Dominions.

157. An act to prevent the issuing and circulating of Pieces of Gold and Silver, or other Metal, usually called Tokens, except such as are issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively.

158. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Relief of Persons equitably entitled to Stocks and Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, and of an Act passed in this present Session for the Relief of Infant Suitors entitled to the like Stocks and Annuities, to all other transferrable Stocks and Funds.

159. An act for charging Foreign Liquors and Tobacco Derelict, Jetsam, Flotsam, Lagan or Wreck, brought or coming into Great Britain, with the Duties payable on Importation of such Liquors and Tobacco.

160. An act to enable Justices of the Peace to order parochial Relief to Prisoners confined under Mesne Process for Debt in such Gaols as are not County Gaols.

161. An act for enabling His Majesty to grant Leases under certain circumstances, and for the better carrying into Effect the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, touching the Formation of a Map of the New Forest in the County of Southampton, and continuing and extending other Provisions of the said Act; for further appropriating the Monies arisen or to arise from the Sale of certain Crown Lands under the Authority of divers Acts of Parliament; for annexing certain Lands within the Forest of Rockingham to His Majesty's Manor of King's Cliffe; and for enabling the Commissionors of the Treasury to appropriate small Portions of Land for Ecclesiastical Purposes.

162. An act for the Preservation of the public Peace in certain disturbed Counties in England; and to give, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, additional Powers to Justices for that Purpose.

163. An act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

164. An act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain, and for applying the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds British Currency for the Service of Ireland.

165. An act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England.

