Public Acts passed in 1813, 53 George 3 c.1 - c.162.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1813.
---

1. An act to continue, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Use of Sugar in Brewing Beer in Great Britain.

2. An act to continue, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the making of Starch, Hair Powder and Blue, from Wheat and other Articles of Food; and for suspending Part of the Duties now payable on the Importation into Great Britain of Starch.

3. An act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for prohibiting the Intercourse between the Islands of Jamaica and Saint Domingo.

4. An act for granting a Sum of Money for purchasing an Estate for the Marquis of Wellington and his Heirs, in Consideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said Marquis of Wellington to His Majesty and the Public.

5. An act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for making more effectual Provision for preventing the Current Gold Coin of The Realm from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the Current Value or such Coin; for preventing any Note or Bill of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, from being received for any smaller Sum than the Sum therein specified; and for staying Proceedings upon any Distress by Tender of such Notes.

6. An act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An act for the the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England; and to enlarge the Powers of the same in certain cases.

7. An act to continue until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain in the United Kingdom, and another Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to suspend the Importation of British or Irish made Spirits into Great Britain and Ireland respectively; and to continue the Duties on Worts or Wash made from Sugar in Great Britain, and the Duties on Spirits made from Sugar in Ireland.

8. An act for repealing the Duties and Drawbacks on the importation into and Exportation from Great Britain of Spanish Red Wine, and for granting others in lieu thereof.

9. An act to alter and amend an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties on Malt.

10. An act for charging an additional Duty on Rice imported into Great Britain.

11. An act for allowing an additional Drawback on Chocolate exported.

12. An act for indemnifying such Persons as have advised or acted under an Order in Council for allowing the Importation of certain Articles into the West Indies, and for permitting such Importation until the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

13. An act for authorizing the Assistant Secretary to the Post-master General to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty on Postage.

14. An act to explain so much of Two Acts, for regulating His Majesty's Household and for other Purposes, as relates to the Powers of the Commissioners for the Care and Management of His Majesty's Real and Personal Estate.

15. An act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

16. An act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

17. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

18. An act for allowing a Drawback of the Duty on Coals used in Fire or Steam Engines for raising Ores in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall.

19. An act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, to prevent the issuing and circulating of Pieces of Gold and Silver or, other Metal usually called Tokens, except such as are issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively.

20. An act to allow a limited Proportion of the Corps of Miners to inlist into the Regular Forces.

21. An act for authorizing the Commissioners of Customs and Excise to make an Allowance for the necessary Subsistence of poor Persons confined for Debts or Penalties sued for under their Orders.

22. An act for empowering the Commissioners of Excise to sell Salt seized Duty free, either for Exportation or for curing Fish, and to reward the seizing Officer.

23. An act to repeal so much of an Act of this Session as continues the Prohibition of the making of Starch from Wheat and other Articles of Food.

24. An act to facilitate the Administration of Justice.

25. An act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

26. An act for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

27. An act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

28. An act to explain and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in England.

29. An act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled an Act for amending the Laws relating to the Local Militia in Scotland.

30. An act to allow a Bounty on the Exportation of the Manufactures of Refuse or Waste Silk.

31. An act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended.

32. An act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

33. An act for granting certain additional Duties of Customs imported into, and exported from Great Britain.

34. An act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, on Tobacco and Snuff, and on French Wines.

35. An act to alter and amend several Acts passed in His present Majesty's Reign, relating to the Redemption of the National Debt; and for making further Provisions in respect thereof.

36. An act to amend an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers to His Majesty's Plantations and Settlements Abroad.

37. An act to amend an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for allowing the Importation of Rum or other Spirits from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty.

38. An act for regulating the Exportation of Corn and other Articles to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, the Bay of Chaleur, and the Coast of Labrador.

39. An act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland.

40. An act to repeal so much of several Acts, passed in England and Scotland respectively, as empowers Justices of the Peace to rate Wages, or set Prices of Work, for Artificers, Labourers or Craftsmen.

41. An act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills, and for raising a Sum of Money by Debentures for the Service of Great Britain.

42. An act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

43. An act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers.

44. An act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Wines consumed by Officers of the Royal Marines serving on board His Majesty's Ships.

45. An act for repealing Two Acts which prohibit the Exportation of Brass and other Metal from England.

46. An act for the further Regulation of the Butter Trade of Ireland.

47. An act to empower the Officers of His Majesty's Customs to take Bonds from Persons under Twenty one Years of Age, serving as Mates on board of Merchant Vessels.

48. An act to amend the Laws for raising and training the Militia of Ireland.

49. An act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of the late King William, as far as relates to the splitting and dividing the Interest in Houses and Lands among several Persons to enable them to vote at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

50. An act for further allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles at the Island of Bermuda.

51. An act to relieve the Widows of Military Officers from the Payment of Stamp Duties on the Receipt of their Pensions in Ireland.

52. An act to encourage the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar in Ireland, and to permit the Warehousing of such Spirits without Payment of the Duty of Excise chargeable thereon.

53. An act for raising a further Sum of Money by Debentures for the Service of Great Britain; and for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills; and for amending an Act of this Session of Parliament for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills; and for raising a Sum of Money by Debentures.

54. An act to amend an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An act for the further Prevention of the Sale and Brokerage of Offices.

55. An act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and to amend several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, and to grant, until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, certain new and additional Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland.

56. An act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Excise in Ireland on Malt.

57. An act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Excise in Ireland on Tobacco.

58. An act to repeal certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Post from or to Dublin, to or from the several Post Towns in Ireland, and to grant other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof; and to make further Regulations for securing the Duties on Letters and Packets sent by the Post in Ireland.

59. An act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Carriages, Horses, Male Servants and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes in respect of the like Articles.

60. An act for the better Collection of the Duties on Hides and Skins tanned or dressed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland; and for preventing Frauds on His Majesty's Revenue therein.

61. An act for raising the Sum of Two Millions by way of Annuities and Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland.

62. An act to permit the Entry for Home Consumption of Sugar the Produce or Manufacture of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guaduloupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba, at a lower Rate of Duty than is payable upon Sugar not of the British Plantations.

63. An act to extend Two Acts of the Forty fifth and Forty ninth Years of His present Majesty to American Prizes.

64. An act for the better Regulation of the Court of Session in Scotland.

65. An act for continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act made in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

66. An act for explaining and clearing up certain Doubts respecting the Scites of Parish Churches within Ireland.

67. An act for empowering His Majesty to authorize the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles into and from the West Indies, South America and Newfoundland, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

68. An act to repeal the Exemption from Toll granted for or in respect of Carriages with more than Two Wheels, carrying the Mail in Scotland; and for granting a Rate for Postage, as an Indemnity for the Loss which may arise to the Revenue of the Post Office from the Payment of such Tolls.

69. An act for raising the Sum of Twenty seven Millions by way of Annuities.

70. An act to authorize the Sellers of Glass, Hides, Tobacco and Snuff, to charge the additional Duties on any such Articles ordered before but not delivered until after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twelve.

71. An act for amending and rendering more effectual the Laws for the Trials of Controverted Elections and Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

72. An act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace within the Townships of Manchester and Salford, in the Hundred of Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to provide, by Means of a Rate on the said Townships and otherwise, a competent Salary to a Justice of the Peace acting within the said Townships; and to enable the Constables of Manchester and Salford to take Recognizances in certain cases.

73. An act to declare that the Duties of Excise and Drawbacks, granted and made payable in Ireland on Tobacco by an Act of this Session, are payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency.

74. An act to provide for the better Collection of the Duty on Malt made in Ireland.

75. An act for the better Regulation of the Cotton Trade in Ireland.

76. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty for amending the Irish Road Acts, so far as the same relate to the Appointment of Supervisors on Mail Coach Roads, to all Roads made and repaired by Presentment.

77. An act to amend an Act, passed in Ireland in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty, for empowering Grand Juries to present Bridges, and Tolls to be paid for passing the same, in certain cases.

78. An act to continue for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts made in the Forty seventh and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland.

79. An act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

80. An act for raising the Sum of Three hundred and thirty thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

81. An act to amend several Acts relating to the Militia, and to enlisting of the Militia into His Majesty's Regular Forces.

82. An act to amend an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An act to explain the Exemption from Toll in several Act of Parliament, for Carriages employed in Husbandry; and for regulating the Tolls to be paid on other Carriages, and on Horses, in certain other cases therein specified; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

83. An act to increase the Allowance to Innkeepers for Diet furnished to Soldiers on a March.

84. An act for repealing the Duties payable on the Importation of Wine the Produce of the Cape of Good Hope, and its Dependencies, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof.

85. An act for amending Two Acts passed in the Thirty first and Thirty second Years of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such payments.

86. An act to explain an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty, for directing Accounts of Increase and Diminution of Public Salaries, Pensions and Allowances, to be annually laid before Parliament; and to regulate and controul the granting and paying of such Salaries, Pensions and Allowances.

87. An act to continue for Seven Years Two Acts passed in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Frauds by Boatmen and others; and adjusting Salvage; and for extending and amending the Laws relating to Wreck and Salvage.

88. An act to substitute a Decoration in lieu of an Oath in the Verification of the Books of Persons dealing in certain Exciseable Articles.

89. An act for the more regular Conveyance of Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

90. An act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

91. An act for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain while disembodied.

92. An act for the Removal of Doubts respecting the Powers of Archbishops and Bishops in Ireland, as to demising the Mensal Lands, not being Demesne Lands, to their respective Sees belonging.

93. An act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

94. An act to grant an additional Duty of Excise on Spirits made or distilled from Corn or Grain in Ireland.

95. An act to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

96. An act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

97. An act for allowing Glass Makers to dispose of Muriate of Potash arising in the Manufacture of Flux for Glass, for Use in the Manufacture of Alum, and for charging a Duty of Excise thereon.

98. An act for the more correct Ascertainment of the Value of Duty-free Goods exported.

99. An act for the more speedy and effectual Trial and Punishment of Offences committed by Soldiers detached in places beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions.

100. An act for facilitating the making up and Audit of the Accounts of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces for the Years One thousand eight hundred and five, One thousand eight hundred and six and One thousand eight hundred and seven, and for enabling the said Paymaster General to accept Foreign Bills of Exchange payable at the Bank of England.

101. An act to dissolve the Corporation of the Royal Canal Company in Ireland, and to appoint Commissioners for inquiring into and examining the Claims of the Creditors of the said Company, and other Matters relating to the said Company; and to provide for carrying on and completing the Canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury on the River Shannon.

102. An act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

103. An act to authorize the Commissioners to transfer Excise Licences to the Executors or Administrators of deceased Licensed Traders, or to their Successors, in the Houses from which such Licensed Traders shall have removed.

104. An act to permit the Entry into Ireland, for Home Consumption, of Sugar, the Produce or Manufacture of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadeloupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba, at a lower Rate of Duty than is payable upon Sugar not of the British Plantations.

105. An act to explain and amend an Act of the present Session, for granting additional Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported into and exported from Great Britain; for allowing a Drawback on Carrot Tobacco exported; for altering the Duties on Pearls imported; for repealing the additional Duty on Barilla granted by the said Act; for allowing a Drawback of the additional Duties of Customs on Timber used in the Tin, Lead and Copper Mines of Devon and Cornwall; for ascertaining the time when the Bounty on Goods exported may be claimed; for better preventing the Clandestine Exportation of Goods; and for appropriating the Duties on Sugar, the Produce of Martinique and other Places, granted by an Act of this Session.

106. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for preventing the Counterfeiting of certain Silver Tokens, to certain other Tokens which have been or may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

107. An act for the Appointment of Commissioners for the Regulation of the several endowed Schools of Public and Private Foundation in Ireland.

108. An act for altering, explaining and amending an Act of the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for granting Stamp Duties in Great Britain, with regard to the Duties on re-issuable Promissory Notes, and on Conveyances on the Sale and Mortgage of Property; for better enabling the Commissioners of Stamps to give Relief in cases of spoiled Stamps; and to remit Penalties for exempting certain Instruments from Stamp Duty; and for better securing the Duties on Stage Coaches.

109. An act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain.

110. An act to suspend the Exportation of Foreign Spirits from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, under Licence from the Commissioners of Customs; and to permit the Exportation of a limited Quantity of Irish Spirits in lieu thereof, under Licence from the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, from certain Ports ot that Part of the Kingdom to the said Isle, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

111. An act for the more easy manning of Ships and Vessels employed in the Southern Whale Fishery.

112. An act to enlarge the Time for commencing Prosecutions for Forfeitures under certain Acts relating to the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

113. An act for providing Relief for the Poor Prisoners confined in the King's Bench, Fleet and Marshalsea Prisons.

114. An act to continue and amend an Act of the present Session, to prevent the issuing and circulating of Pieces of Gold and Silver, or other Metal, usually called Tokens, except such as are issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively.

115. An act to insure the proper and careful manufacturing of Fire Arms in England; and for making Provision for proving the Barrels of such Fire Arms.

116. An act to alter and amend Two Acts, of the Thirty first Year of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Price and Assize of Bread to be sold out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.

117. An act to prevent Damage to certain Bridges in Scotland from the floating of Timber.

118. An act for raising the Sum of Five millions six hundred and seventy thousand and seven hundred Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

119. An act for raising the Sum of One Million, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

120. An act to enable the Lords of the Treasury of Ireland to issue to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, a Sum equal to One per Centum on the Amount of Treasury Bills outstanding in every Year.

121. An act for making a more convenient Communication from Mary le Bone Park and the Northern Parts of the Metropolis, in the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone to Charing Cross, within the Liberty of Westminster; and for making a more convenient Sewage for the same.

122. An act for confirming the Renunciation made by Spencer Perceval Esquire of his Pensions on his taking the Office of a Teller of the Exchequer.

123. An act to amend and render more effectual several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax.

124. An act for allowing the Use of Salt, Duty-free, for curing Conger, Polock, Bream, Ray and Scate.

125. An act to allow a Bounty upon the Exportation of Stuffs of Silk ornamented with Embroidery, Tambour, Needle Work, Lace or Fringe; and upon the Exportation of Ribbons made of Silk mixed with Incle or Cotton.

126. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Ninth and Tenth Year of King William the Third, for preventing the Embezzlement of Stores of War, to all Public Stores.

127. An act for the better Regulation of Ecclesiastical Courts in England; and for the more easy Recovery of Church Rates and Tithes.

128. An act to relieve from the Operation of the Statute of the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, all such of His Majesty's Popish or Roman Catholic Subjects of Ireland as, by virtue of the Act of Parliament of Ireland of the Thirty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An act for the Relief of His Majesty's Popish or Roman Catholic Subjects of Ireland, hold, exercise or enjoy any Civil or Military Offices or Places of Trust or Profit, or any other Office whatsoever, of which His Majesty's said Subjects are by the said Act of Parliament of Ireland rendered capable.

129. An act to amend an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the further Prevention of the Sale and Brokerage of Offices, so far as relates to the Offices of the Six Clerks in the Court of Chancery in Ireland.

130. An act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, or in case Parliament shall not have assembled before the said First Day of January, then until Three Weeks after the then next Meeting of Parliament, certain Acts for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites and Emoluments received in several Public Offices in Ireland, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and into the mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for Public Money in Ireland.

131. An act to make further Regulations for the Building and Repairing of Court Houses and Sessions Houses in Ireland.

132. An act to extend the Services of the Militia of the Tower Hamlets to all Parts of the United Kingdom.

133. An act to amend an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for granting a Sum of Money for purchasing an Estate for the Marquis of Wellington and his Heirs, in consideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said Marquis of Wellington to His Majesty and the Public.

134. An act to amend an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for settling and securing a certain Annuity, and for purchasing an Estate for the Earl Nelson.

135. An act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, Two Acts of the Forty fifth and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation.

136. An act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

137. An act to amend the several Acts for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail, in Ireland.

138. An act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

139. An act for exempting Bankers, and others from certain Penalties contained in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the further Prevention of the Counterfeiting of Silver Tokens issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Doliars, and of Silver Pieces issued and circulated by the Governor and Company, called Tokens; and for the further Prevention of Frauds practised by the Imitation of the Notes or Bills of the said Governor and Company.

140. An act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An act for the more effectual Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships and Vessels on the Coast of England, and for the Regulation of Boatmen employed in supplying Vessels with Pilots licensed under the said Act, so far as relates to the Coast of Kent, within the Limits of The Cinque Ports.

141. An act to repeal an Act of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An act for registering the Grants of Life Annuities, and for the better Protection of Infants against such Grants, and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof.

142. An act to explain and amend several Acts relative to the Land Tax.

143. An act to direct the Application of the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, and of such further Sums as may be granted for the Benefit of the Company of Undertakers of the Grand Canal in Ireland.

144. An act to amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for promoting Inland Navigation in Ireland.

145. An act to amend the several Acts for regulating the Distillation of Spirits in Ireland.

146. An act to amend an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An act to amend the Laws for improving and keeping in Repair the Post Roads in Ireland, and for rendering the Conveyance of Letters by His Majesty's Post Office more secure and expeditious.

147. An act for the better securing the Excise Duties on Spirits in Great Britain, and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wash made from Sugar.

148. An act to provide for the more effectually preventing illicit Distillation of Spirits in Ireland.

149. An act for the further Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates.

150. An act for the more speedy and effectual Examination and Audit of the Accounts ot Military Expenditure in Spain and Portugal, for removing Delays in passing the Public Accounts, and for making new Arrangements for conducting the Business of the Audit Office.

151. An act for regulating the Office of Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty and High Court of Appeals for Prizes.

152. An act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for England, respecting the Expences of Hustings and Poll Clerks, so far as regards the City of Westminster.

153. An act to enable His Majesty to grant additional Annuities to the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hally on their Refiguation of their Offices.

154. An act to render valid and to authorise the Payment and granting of certain Pensions at Kilmainham Hospital; and to empower the Commissioners of the said Hospital to commute Pensions for a Sum of Money in certain cases.

155. An act for continuing in the East India Company for a further Term the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with certain exclusive Privileges; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories and the better Administration of Justice within the same; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter.

156. An act to provide for the Payment of the Charge of the Annuities created in respect of the Sum of Six Millions granted for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

157. An act for granting the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds to John Palmer Esquire, in consideration of the Public Services performed by the said John Palmer, in the Improvement of the Post Office Revenue.

158. An act for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of Windsor Forest, in the County of Berks, and for inclosing the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest.

159. An act to limit the Responsibility of Ship Owners in certain cases.

160. An act to relieve Persons who impugn the Doctrine of the Holy Trinity from certain Penalties.

161. An act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Five Millions, for the Service of Great Britain; and for applying the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds British Currency for the Service of Ireland.

162. An act to repeal a certain Provision respecting Persons convicted of Felony without Benefit of Clergy, contained in an Act made in the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Erection of a Penitentiary House for the Confinement of Persons convicted within the City of London and County of Middlesex, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

