Public Acts passed in 1817, 57 George 3 c.1 - c.132.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1817.
---

1. An act to continue and extend the Provisions of an Act of the Forty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and also for regulating the Trade of the Island of Mauritius.

2. An act for raising the Sum of Twenty-four Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

3. An act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government.

4. An act to extend the Privileges of the Trade of Malta to the Port of Gibraltar.

5. An act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England; and for receiving the Contributions of Persons receiving Pensions and holding Offices; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

6. An act to make perpetual certain Parts of an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against Treasonable and Seditious Practices and Attempts; and for the Safety and Preservation of the Person of His Royal Highness The Prince Regent against Treasonable Practices and Attempts.

7. An act to revive and make perpetual Two Acts of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, the one in the Parliament of Great Britain, and the other in the Parliament of Ireland, for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

8. An act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Fifty-second Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the Separation of damaged from found Coffee, and to permit Dealers to send out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight without Permit.

9. An act for vesting all Estates and Property occupied for the Barrack Service in the Comptroller of the Barrack Department; and for granting certain Powers to the said Comptroller.

10. An act to regulate the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to certain of His Majesty's Colonies in North America.

11. An act to facilitate the Progress of Business in the Court of King's Bench in Westminster Hall.

12. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

13. An act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

14. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

15. An act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

16. An act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

17. An act to repeal, during the Continuance of Peace, so much of an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty as prohibits the Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron, and certain Naval Stores, unless the Preemption thereof be offered to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy.

18. An act to facilitate the hearing and determining of Suits in Equity in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster.

19. An act for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies.

20. An act for making further Regulations in respect to the Pay of the Officers of the Royal Navy, in certain cases therein mentioned.

21. An act to revive and continue for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts made in the Forty-seventh and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland.

22. An act to amend Two Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of His Majesty's Reign, to provide for the better Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magistrates and additional Constables in Counties in certain cases.

23. An act to further continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo.

24. An act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An act for the further Improvement of the Land Revenue of the Crown.

25. An act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and to exempt such Dwelling Houses as may be employed for the sole Purpose of Trade, or of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize, from the Duties charged by the said Act.

26. An act to amend and render more effectual Four several Acts passed in the Forty eighth, Forty ninth, Fifty second and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.

27. An act for repealing the Duties of Customs on Buck Wheat imported into this Kingdom, and for granting other Duties, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, in lieu thereof.

28. An act to extend the Powers of Two Acts, for allowing British Plantation Sugar and Coffee, and other Articles imported into Bermuda in British Ships, to be exported to America in Foreign Vessels, and to permit Articles, the Produce of America, to be imported into the said Island in Foreign Ships, to certain other Articles.

29. An act to extend to Newfoundland the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for permitting the Exportation of Wares, Goods and Merchandize from any of His Majesty's Islands in the West Indies, to any other, of the said Islands, and to and from any of the British Colonies on the Continent of America, and the said Islands and Colonies. 78.

30. An act to regulate the Interests and Periods of Payment of Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills.

31. An act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

32. An act to repeal the Duties of Excise on Stone Bottles, and charge other Duties in lieu thereof.

33. An act to reduce the Allowance of Spirits, Tea and Tobacco for the Use of the Seamen on board certain Ships or Vessels making short Voyages.

34. An act to authorize the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, to a limited Amount, for the carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries in the United Kingdom, and Employment of the Poor in Great Britain, in manner therein mentioned.

35. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

36. An act to regulate the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company, and certain Possessions of His Majesty in the Mediterranean.

37. An act to explain and amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, relating to Tolls on Carriages used in Husbandry, and to remove Doubts as to Exemption of Carriages, not wholly laden with Manure, from Payment of Toll.

38. An act to continue, until the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.

39. An act to extend certain Provisions of the Acts of the Thirty sixth and Fifty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty to Matters of Charity and Friendly Societies.

40. An act to authorize the rewarding Officers of the Customs for their Services in preventing illicit Distillation in Scotland, under an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament.

41. An act to repeal Two Acts passed in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of His present Majesty, relating to the Office of the Agent General, and for transferring the Duties of the said Office to the Offices of the Paymaster General and Secretary at War.

42. An act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked Island in the Bahama Islands, in American Ships coming in Ballast.

43. An act for granting, for Two Years from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, Bounties on Sugar refined otherwise than by Claying.

44. An act to allow Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, when assembled for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, to be quartered and billetted, and Officers on Half Pay to hold certain Commissions in such Corps, and to exempt Members in such Corps from serving the Office of Constable.

45. An act for the Continuation of all and every Person or Persons in any and every Office, Place or Employment, Civil or Military, within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Dominion of Wales, Town of Berwick upon Tweed, Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sarke and Man, and also in all and every of His Majesty's Foreign Possessions, Colonies or Plantations, which he or she shall hold, possess or exercise during the Pleasure of the Crown, at the time of the Death or Demise of His present Majesty, until removed or discharged therefrom by the succeeding King or Queen of this Realm.

46. An act to prevent the issuing and circulating of Pieces of Copper or other Metal, usually called Tokens.

47. An act for settling and securing Annuities on Lord Colchester, and on the next Person to whom the Title of Lord Colchester shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

48. An act to make further Provision for the Adjustment of the Accounts of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and for making good any occasional Deficiency which may arise in the said Fund in Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and to direct the Application of Monies by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

49. An act for altering and amending the Laws of Excise with respect to Salt and Rock Salt.

50. An act to continue an Act made in the Fifty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An act to provide for the preferring and restoring of Peace in such Parts of Ireland as may at any time be disturbed by seditious Persons, or by Persons entering into unlawful Combinations or Conspiracies.

51. An act to regulate the Celebration of Marriages in Newfoundland.

52. An act to alter an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants.

53. An act for the more effectual Punishment of Murders and Manslaughters committed in Places not within His Majesty's Dominions.

54. An act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues to make and maintain a Road from Milbank Row, Westminster, to the Penitentiary.

55. An act to continue an Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are Conspiring against His Person and Government.

56. An act to amend the Laws in respect to forfeited Recognizances in Ireland.

57. An act to empower His Majesty to suspend Training, and to regulate the Quotas of the Militia.

58. An act to allow British Goods to be exported direct from this Country to the United States of America upon the same Terms as when exported to any Foreign Country.

59. An act for letting to Farm the Poll Horse Duties, and for better securing and facilitating the Recovery of the said Duties.

60. An act to regulate certain Offices in the Court of Exchequer in England.

61. An act to abolish the Offices of the Wardens, Chief Justices and Justices in Eyre, North and South of Trent.

62. An act to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in Ireland.

63. An act to regulate the Offices of Clerks to the Signet and Privy Seal.

64. An act to abolish certain Offices, and regulate others, in Scotland.

65. An act to enable His Majesty to recompense the Services of Persons holding, or who have held, certain high and efficient Civil Offices.

66. An act to amend an Act of the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, for suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Board of Trade; and for enabling the Vice President of the Board of Trade to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

67. An act to regulate certain Offices, and abolish others, in His Majesty's Mints in England and Scotland respectively.

68. An act to amend the Laws relating to Sheriffs in Ireland.

69. An act to continue until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and to amend an Act passed in Ireland, in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland.

70. An act to relieve Persons impugning the Doctrine of the Holy Trinity from certain Penalties, in Ireland.

71. An act to amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repealing the several Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland, and for reenacting such of the Provisions thereof as have been found usual with Amendments.

72. An act to continue until the End of the next Session of Parliament Two Acts made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally.

73. An act to allow the Exportation of Woollen or Bay Yarn from Ireland by Licence obtained there.

74. An act to extend several Acts for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize to Porta Maria in the Island of Jamaica, and to the Port of Bridge Town in the Island of Barbadoes.

75. An act to abolish the Punishment of Public Whipping on Female Offenders.

76. An act to amend an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the Payment of Drawback on Paper allowed to the Universities in Scotland.

77. An act for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Payment of Army Prize Money; and for authorizing the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital to suspend the Pensions of such Persons as shall be guilty of Frauds in respect of Prize Money or Pensions.

78. An act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

79. An act to permit the Transfer of Capital from certain Public Stocks or Funds in Great Britain to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ireland.

80. An act for raising the Sum of Nine Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

81. An act for raising the Sum of Three Millions six hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, by Treasury Bills, in Ireland, for the Services of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

82. An act to continue an Act passed in Ireland in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty, respecting certain Annuities, so long as the said Annuities shall be payable.

83. An act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for providing for the Charge of certain Additions to the Public Debt of Ireland.

84. An act to regulate the Offices of His Majesty's Exchequer in England and Ireland respectively.

85. An act to permit, until the Fourteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Importation of Corn and other Articles in any Ship and from any Country; to permit such Articles which may have been warehoused for Exportation only to be entered for Home Consumption; and for indemnifying all Persons who have given Directions for the Importation of Corn and other Articles, or the taking the same out of Warehouse free of Duty, and who have acted in obedience thereto.

86. An act to permit the Importation of Foreign Cambricks and Lawns into Ireland, on Payment of the like Duties as are chargeable in Great Britain.

87. An act to amend Two Acts passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the making more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling.

88. An act to permit Fuller's Earth, Fulling Clay and Tobacco Pipe Clay, to be carried Coastwise under certain Restrictions.

89. An act to. allow the Importation of Oranges and Lemons from the Azores and the Madeiras into the British Colonies in North America.

90. An act for the Prevention of Persons going armed by Night for the Destrution of Game; and for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to Rogues and Vagabonds.

91. An act to enable Justices of the Peace to settle the Fees to be taken by the Clerks of the Peace of the respective Counties and other Divisions of England and Wales.

92. An act to regulate the Administration of Oaths in certain cases to Officers in His Majesty's Land and Sea Forces.

93. An act to regulate the Costs of Distresses levied for Payment of Small Rents.

94. An act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy assessing of County Rates.

95. An act to exempt the Territories within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter from certain of the Navigation Laws.

96. An act for suspending, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Duties on Coals and Culm removed Coastwise within the Principality of Wales, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

97. An act for ratifying Articles of Agreement entered into by the Right Honourable Henry Hall Viscount Gage, and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; and for the better Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown.

98. An act for ratifying the Purchase of the Impropriate Retory of Saint Mary le bone in the County of Middlesex.

99. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices; and for the Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates in England.

100. An act to renew the Powers of exonerating Small Livings and Charitable Institutions from the Land Tax, and for making further Provision for the Redemption of the Land Tax.

101. An act to continue an Act, intituled An act further to extend and render more effectual certain Provisions of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled 'An act to prevent frivolous and, vexatious Arrests;' and of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, to explain, amend and render more effectual the said former Act; and of Two Acts, passed in the Nineteenth and Forty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extending the Provisions of the said former Acts.

102. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Cloathing and contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon; and for granting Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons' Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

103. An act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

104. An act to reduce the Number of Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers in the Militia of Ireland, whilst disembodied.

105. An act to encourage the Establishment of Banks for Savings in Ireland.

106. An act to provide for the Establishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland.

107. An act to provide for the more deliberate Investigation of Presentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money raised by such Presentments.

108. An act for the Regulation of levying Tolls at Fairs, Markets and Ports in Ireland.

109. An act to abolish the Subsidy and Alnage of the Old and New Draperies, and of all Woollen Manufactures, in Ireland; and to authorize the Payment out of the Consolidated Fund of an Annual Sum to John Lord de Blaquiere, during the Continuance of his Interest in the Office of Alnager.

110. An act to make further Regulations for the better collecting and securing the Duties upon Spirits distilled in Ireland.

111. An act to suspend, until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, a Part of the Duties on Sweets or Made Wines.

112. An act to amend an Act of the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, as far as respects the Mode of Applications for certain Services in the Victualling Department.

113. An act to prevent the further Circulation of Dollars and Tokens, issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Convenience of the Public.

114. An act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, Two Acts of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster.

115. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, and an Act of the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, against Payment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck, and to secure their Payment in the lawful Money of this Realm, to Labourers employed in the Manufacture of Articles made of Steel, or of Steel and Iron combined, and of Plated Articles, or of other Articles of Cutlery.

116. An act for limiting the time now allowed by Law for Production of the Certificate of due Delivery of Goods removed from one Warehousing Port in Great Britain to another for the Purpose of Exportation; for altering the Hours for shipping Goods in the Port of London; and to empower Officers of the Customs and Excise to permit the Removal of Goods from one Bonding Warehouse to another in the same Port.

117. An act to regulate the issuing of Extents in Aid.

118. An act for authorizing the Executors or Administrators of deceased licensed Navy Agents to receive Prize Money, Bounty Money and other Allowances of Money upon Orders given to such deceased Agents.

119. An act to exempt British and Irish Stone Bottles, made and used for the sole Purpose of containing Liquid Blacking, from the Duties of Excise on Stone Bottles granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament.

120. An act to authorize the Court of Directors of the East India Company to make extraordinary Allowances, in certain cases, to the Owners of certain Ships in the Service of the said Company.

121. An act for regulating Payments to the Treasurer of the Navy under the Heads of Old Stores and Imprests.

122. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, and an Act of the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, against Payment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck, and to secure their Payment in the lawful Money of this Realm, to Labourers employed in the Colheries, or in the working and getting of Coal, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to Scotland and Ireland.

123. An act for imposing a Duty of Excise on the Excess of Spirits made from Corn in England above the Proportion of Nineteen Gallons of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Wash; and for further securing the Duties on Wort or Wash made for distilling Spirits in England; and for authorizing the Shipment of Rum for Stores in Casks containing Sixty Gallons.

124. An act to amend an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor.

125. An act to authorize the driving and keeping a Hackney Coach or Chariot under the same Licence.

126. An act to repeal an Act, passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for the Punishment of Persons destroying Stocking or Lace Frames, and Articles in such Frames; and to make, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty, other Provisions in lieu thereof.

127. An act to settle the Share of Prize Money, Droits of Admiralty, and Bounty Money payable to Greenwich Hospital, and for securing to the said Hospital all unclaimed Shares of Vessels found derelict, and of Seizures for Breach of Revenue, Colonial, Navigation and Slave Abolition Laws.

128. An act for extending the Exemptions from the Duties granted by certain Acts of the Forty third and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, in Dwelling Houses in Scotland; and for altering the Manner of claiming and ascertaining the Exemptions to be granted.

129. An act for vesting in His Majesty a certain Part of the Open Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor or Royalty of Rialton and Retraighe alias Reterth in the Parish of Saint Columb Major, in the County of Cornwall.

130. An act to encourage the Establishment of Banks for Savings in England.

131. An act for the better Regulation of Polls, and for making other Provisions touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places in Ireland.

132. An act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

