Public Acts passed in 1823, 4 George 4 c.1 - c.100.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1823.
---

1. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty four; to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and twenty four; and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

2. An act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Trade between His Majesty's Possessions in America and the West Indies and other Parts of the World.

3. An act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, Foreign Spirits and Sweets, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England; and for receiving the Contributions of Persons receiving Pensions and holding Offices; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty three.

4. An act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions by Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty three.

5. An act to render valid certain Marriages.

6. An act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty three.

7. An act to regulate the Appointment and Swearing into Office of the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland.

8. An act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

9. An act to repeal the Rates, Duties and Taxes payable in respect of Male Servants, Horses, Carriages and Dogs in Ireland.

10. An act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, intituled An act for making and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the Counties of Lanark and Dumbarton, in so far as relates to the Application of certain Exchequer Bills therein mentioned.

11. An act for repealing certain of the Duties of Assessed Taxes; for reducing certain other of the said Duties; and for relieving Persons who have compounded for the same.

12. An act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

13. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

14. An act to continue for Five Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts made in the Forty seventh and Fiftieth Years of the Reign, of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland.

15. An act to continue for Five Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and to amend the Laws relating to Yeomanry Corps, in Ireland.

16. An act to explain so much of the General Turnpike Act, as relates to the Toll payable on Carriages laden with Lime for the Improvement of Land.

17. An act to repeal certain Provisions of an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An act to amend certain Provisions of the Twenty sixth of George the Second, for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages.

18. An act concerning the Disposition of certain Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

19. An act for further regulating the Reduction of the National Debt.

20. An act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

21. An act for granting and applying certain Sums of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty three.

22. An act to confirm an Agreement entered into by the Trustees under an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for apportioning the Burthen occasioned by the Military and Naval Pensions, and Civil Superannuations, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

23. An act to consolidate the several Boards of Customs, and also the several Boards of Excise, of Great Britain and Ireland.

24. An act to make more effectual Provision for permitting Goods imported to be secured in Warehouses, or other Places, without Payment of Duty on the first Entry thereof.

25. An act for regulating the Number of Apprentices to be taken on board British Merchant Vessels; and for preventing the Desertion of Seamen therefrom.

26. An act to repeal the Duties on certain Articles, and to provide for the gradual Discontinuance of the Duties on certain other Articles, the Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, on their Importation into either Country from the other.

27. An act to amend an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, respecting Justices of the Quorum in Cities and Towns Corporate.

28. An act for the more speedy Reduction of the Number of Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers in the Militia of Ireland, when not in actual Service.

29. An act to increase the Power of Magistrates, in Cases of Apprenticeships.

30. An act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles subject to Duties of Excise, and certain other Articles the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, into and from either Country from and to the other.

31. An act to amend an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act more effectually to prevent profane Cursing and Swearing.

32. An act for the Amendment of the Laws respecting Charitable Loan Societies in Ireland.

33. An act to make more effectual Regulations for the Election, and to secure the Performance of the Duties, of County Treasurers in Ireland.

34. An act to enlarge the Powers of Justices in determining Complaints between Masters and Servants, and between Masters, Apprentices, Artificers and others.

35. An act to enable Trustees or Commissioners under Acts of Parliament to meet and carry such Acts into Execution, although they may not have met according to the Directions of such Acts.

36. An act to discourage the granting of Leases in Joint Tenancy in Ireland.

37. An act to amend an Act for the more speedy Return and Levying of Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and Recognizances estreated.

38. An act for settling the Compensation to the Holders of certain Offices in the Courts or Law in Ireland, abolished under an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the same.

39. An act to continue an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for allowing a Drawback of the Whole of the Duties of Customs on Brimstone used and consumed in Great Britain in the. making and preparing Oil of Vitriol or Sulphuric Acid.

40. An act to amend several Acts for the Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in Scotland.

41. An act for the registering of Vessels.

42. An act to amend the several Acts for the Assistance of Trade and Manufactures, and the Support of Commercial Credit, in Ireland.

43. An act to regulate the Amount of Presentments by Grand Juries, for Payment of the Public Officers of the several Counties in Ireland.

44. An act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks on Barilla imported into the United Kingdom, and to grant other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof.

45. An act for allowing Persons to compound for their Assessed Taxes for the Remainder of the Periods of Composition limited by former Acts; and for giving Relief in certain Cases therein mentioned.

46. An act for repealing the Capital Punishments inflicted by several Acts of the Sixth and Twenty seventh Years of King George the Second, and of the Third, Fourth and Twenty second Years of King George the Third; and for providing other Punishments in lieu thereof, and in lieu of the Punishment of Frame breaking under an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the same Reign.

47. An act for authorizing the Employment at Labour, in the Colonies, of Male Convicts under Sentence of Transportation.

48. An act for enabling Courts to abstain from pronouncing Sentence of Death in certain Capital Felonies.

49. An act for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

50. An act for the rebuilding of London Bridge, and for improving and making suitable Approaches thereto.

51. An act to encourage the Consumption of Beer; and to amend the Laws for securing the Excise Duties thereon.

52. An act to alter and amend the Law relating to the Interment of the Remains of any Person found Felo de se.

53. An act for extending the Benefit of Clergy to several Larcenies therein mentioned.

54. An act for allowing the Benefit of Clergy to Persons convicted of certain Felonies under Two Acts of the Ninth Year of King George the First and of the Twenty seventh Year of King George the Second; for making better Provision for the Punishment of Persons guilty of sending or delivering threatening Letters, and of Assaults with Intent to commit Robbery.

55. An act to consolidate and amend the several Acts now in force, so far as the same relate to the Election and Return of Members to serve in Parliament, for Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland.

56. An act for maintaining in Repair the Military and Parliamentary Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and also certain Ferry Piers and Shipping Quays erected by the Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges.

57. An act to defer the Commencement of the Duties and Drawbacks on Barilla, under an Act of this present Session of Parliament.

58. An act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for suppressing Insurrections and preventing Disturbances of the Public Peace in Ireland.

59. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons' Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty four.

60. An act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

61. An act for the better Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery in Ireland.

62. An act to repeal the Duties upon Horses let to hire for the Purpose of travelling in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to provide for letting the same to farm.

63. An act to authorise the Advance of Money by the Commissioners under several Acts for the Issue of Exchequer Bills for Public Works, for the building, rebuilding, enlarging or repairing of Gaols in England.

64. An act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the building, repairing and regulating of certain Gaols and Houses of Correction in England and Wales.

65. An act to extend Two Acts of His late Majesty, for Distribution of Prize Money, to all Cases of Capture that have been made by Foreign Ships or Land Forces in Conjunction with His Majesty's Ships or Land Forces.

66. An act to authorize, in certain Cases, the Reduction of the Duties payable in Ireland, and the Alteration of the Duties and Drawbacks on the Importation and Exportation of Goods between Great Britain and Ireland.

67. An act to declare valid certain Marriages that have been solemnized at St. Petersburgh since the Abolition of the British Factory there.

68. An act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Land Tax Commissioners, and for appointing additional Commissioners, and indemnifying such Persons as have acted without due Authority in Execution of the Acts therein recited.

69. An act to repeal certain Duties of Customs in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; to grant certain Bounties on Salted Provisions and Silk Manufactures exported; and to make more effectual Regulations for collecting the Duties of Customs.

70. An act for the better Administration of Justice in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

71. An act for defraying the Charge of Retiring Pay, Pensions and other Expences of that Nature, of His Majesty's Forces serving in India; for establishing the Pensions of the Bishop, Archdeacons and Judges; for regulating Ordinations; and for establishing a Court of Judicature at Bombay.

72. An act to repeal the several Duties and Drawbacks of Customs chargeable and allowable in Ireland, on the Importation and Exportation of certain Foreign and Colonial Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and to grant other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof, eoual to the Duties and Drawbacks chargeable and allowable thereon in Great Britain.

73. An act to facilitate the Recovery of Damages for Malicious Injuries to Property in Ireland.

74. An act for vesting in Commissioners the Bridges now building over the Menai Straits and the River Conway, and the Harbours of Howth and Holyhead, and the Road from Dublin to Howth; and for the further Improvement of the Road from London to Holyhead.

75. An act for enabling His Majesty to inclose Part of Kew Green, and for dividing and extinguishing Rights of Common over certain Lands in the Parish of Kew, in the County of Surrey.

76. An act for amending the Laws respecting the Solemnization of Marriages in England.

77. An act to authorize His Majesty, under certain Circumstances, to regulate the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods imported or exported in Foreign Vessels; and to exempt certain Foreign Vessels from Pilotage.

78. An act to grant additional Stamp Duties on certain Proceedings in the Court of Chancery and in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

79. An act for building additional Places of Worship in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland.

80. An act to consolidate and amend the several Laws now in force with respect to Trade from and to Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company, and to make further Provisions with respect to such Trade; and to amend an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for the registering of Vessels, so far as it relates to Vessels registered in India.

81. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company; and to authorize Soldiers and Sailors in the East Indies to send and receive Letters at a reduced Rate of Postage.

82. An act to authorize for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the temporary Removal of Convicts from the General Penitentiary.

83. An act for the better Protection of the Property of Merchants and others, who may hereafter enter into Contracts or Agreements in relation to Goods, Wares or Merchandizes intrusted to Factors or Agents.

84. An act to repeal the Laws for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to Foreign Parts, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

85. An act for empowering Commissioners, to be appointed by His Majesty, to enquire into the Forms of Process in the Courts of Law in Scotland, and the Course of Appeals from the Court of Sessions to the House of Lords.

86. An act to amend the Laws for collecting Church Rates, and Money advanced by the Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits of Ecclesiastical Benefices, and for the Improvement of Church Lands, in Ireland.

87. An act to amend and render more effectual the Provisions of an Act, made in the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for preventing the administering and taking unlawful Oaths in Ireland.

88. An act for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers between Great Britain and Ireland.

89. An act to limit and regulate the Expence of certain Proceedings in the Courts of Justice in Ireland in the Particulars therein mentioned.

90. An act to regulate the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland.

91. An act to relieve His Majesty's Subjects from all Doubt concerning the Validity of certain Marriages solemnized abroad.

92. An act for extending the Annuity granted to Earl Saint Vincent to the present Viscount Saint Vincent, and the next Person to whom the Title of Viscount Saint Vincent shall descend.

93. An act to divide the County of Cork, for the Purpose of holding additional General Sessions therein.

94. An act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Spirits distilled from Com or Grain in Scotland and Ireland, and upon Licences for Stills for making such Spirits; and to provide for the better collecting and securing such Duties, and for the warehousing of such Spirits without Payment of Duty.

95. An act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England.

96. An act to provide, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament, for the better Administration of Justice in New South Wales and Van Diemens Land, and for the more effectual Government thereof; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

97. An act for the Regulation of the Court of the Commissaries of Edinburgh; and for altering and regulating the Jurisdiction of Inferior Commissaries in Scotland.

98. An act for the better granting of Confirmations in Scotland.

99. An act to provide for the establishing of Compositions for Tithes in Ireland for a limited Time.

100. An act for raising the Sum of Fourteen millions seven hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills; for applying a certain Sum of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

