Public Acts passed in 1829, 10 George 4 c.1 - c.63.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1829.
---

1. An act for the Suppression of dangerous Associations or Assemblies in Ireland.

2. An act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine.

3. An act for applying certain Sums of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine.

4. An act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine.

5. An act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

6. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An act for the Relief of His Majesty's Roman Catholic Subjects.

8. An act to amend certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland relative to the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, and to regulate the Qualification of Persons entitled to vote at the Election of Knights of the Shire in Ireland.

9. An act for fixing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty, the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

10. An act to suspend, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom, and to reduce the permanent Staff, and regulate the Allowances of Serjeants hereafter appointed.

11. An act to continue for Two Years an Act made in the Fifty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

12. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

13. An act to provide for Monies paid into Court under Acts afterwards repealed.

14. An act for repealing several Acts relating to the Charity for the Relief of the Poor Widows of Commissioned and Warrant Officers in the Royal Navy, and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof.

15. An act to facilitate the Public Business in certain Cases in the Navy and Victualling Departments.

16. An act to continue the Operation of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for suspending the Provisions of an Act of His late Majesty respecting the Appointment of Writers in the Service of the East India Company; and to amend the Provisions of an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His late Majesty, so far as they relate to the Period of Residence at Hertford College as a Qualification for certain Offices.

17. An act to continue, until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, certain Acts relating to the Island of Newfoundland, and the Fisheries carried on upon the Banks and Shores thereof.

18. An act to explain, amend, and alter the Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Care and Treatment of Insane Persons in England.

19. An act to explain and amend an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, intituled An act concerning the Registration of Seisins and Reversions of Tenements within Burgh.

20. An act to carry into Execution the Stipulations of a Convention between His Majesty and His Catholic Majesty, for the Settlement of certain British Claims upon Spain, and of certain Spanish Claims upon the United Kingdom.

21. An act to continue Compositions for the Assessed Taxes for a further Term of One Year.

22. An act to provide until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, for the Government of His Majesty's Settlements in Western Australia, on the Western Coast of New Holland.

23. An act to impose Duties on the Importation of Silk and Silk Goods, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof.

24. An act to enable the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities and Annuities for Terms of Years.

25. An act to provide for the better Management of the Affairs of Greenwich Hospital.

26. An act for transferring the Management of Greenwich Out-Pensions, and certain Duties in Matters of Prize, to the Treasurer of the Navy.

27. An act to amend the several Acts for regulating the Reduction of the National Debt.

28. An act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine.

29. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

30. An act to continue and amend the Laws relating to Yeomanry Corps in Ireland.

31. An act for funding Three Millions of Exchequer Bills.

32. An act to enable One or more of the Commissioners of Excise to act for the Dispatch of Business for Scotland and Ireland respectively.

33. An act to amend the several Acts for the Encouragement of the Irish Fisheries.

34. An act for consolidating and amending the Statutes in Ireland relating to Offences against the Person.

35. An act to prevent Arrests upon Mesne Process where the Debt or Cause of Action is under Twenty Pounds, and to regulate the Practice of Arrests, in Ireland.

36. An act to continue until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and to amend the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

37. An act to amend the Laws relating to Coroners in Ireland.

38. An act for the more effectual Punishment of Attempts to murder in certain Cases in Scotland.

39. An act for continuing to His Majesty, for One Year, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine.

40. An act to continue for One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for providing for the repairing, maintaining, and keeping in Repair certain Roads and Bridges in Ireland.

41. An act to amend the Laws for the Regulation of the Butter Trade in Ireland.

42. An act to amend an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for the Amendment of the Laws respecting Charitable Loan Societies in Ireland.

43. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs.

44. An act for improving the Police in and near the Metropolis.

45. An act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, an Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis.

46. An act for more effectually executing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the better Regulation of Divisions in the several Counties of England and Wales.

47. An act to continue for One Year, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and to amend, Two Acts made in the Forty-seventh and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland.

48. An act to authorize the Sale and Transfer of the Stocks or Funds standing in the Books of the Bank of Ireland on account of the Office of the Clerk of the Pleas in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, and the Payment and Application of the Produce of such Stocks or Funds to the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

49. An act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty, the Provisions of an Act to allow Sugar to be delivered out of Warehouse to be refined.

50. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Management and Improvement of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chases; of the Land Revenue of the Crown within the Survey of the Exchequer in England; and of the Land Revenue of the Crown in Ireland; and for extending certain Provisions relating to the same to the Isles of Man and Alderney.

51. An act to amend the Law relating to the Employment of Children in Cotton Mills and Factories.

52. An act to extend the Powers of an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Powers of Justices in determining Complaints between Masters and Servants, to Persons engaged in the Manufacture of Silk.

53. An act to regulate the Duties, Salaries, and Emoluments of the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers of certain Ecclesiastical Courts in England.

54. An act for directing Reports to be made respecting Gaols in Scotland.

55. An act for the more effectual Recovery of Small Debts, and for diminishing the Expences of Litigation in Causes of small Amount, in the Sheriff Courts in Scotland.

56. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Friendly Societies.

57. An act to continue until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty the Powers of the Commissioners for inquiring concerning Charities in England and Wales.

58. An act to repeal an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for uniting several Parishes, and building several Parish Churches in more convenient Places, so far as relates to the Parishes of Oran and Drumtemple in the Diocess of Elphin.

59. An act to amend an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating the Trusts of the several Turnpike Roads in the Neighbourhood of the Metropolis, North of the River Thames, and to make and maintain Two New or Branch Roads to communicate with the said Metropolis Roads.

60. An act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions four hundred thirty-eight thousand eight hundred Pounds for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

61. An act to amend an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for extending to Charing Cross, the Strand, and Places adjacent, the Powers of an Act for making a more convenient Communication from Mary-le-bone Park.

62. An act to exclude Persons accepting Offices in the East Indies from being Members of the House of Commons.

63. An act to render valid an Act to amend the Law relating to the Employment of Children in Cotton Mills and Factories.

