Public Acts passed in 1836, 6 & 7 William 4 c.1 - c.117.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1836.
---

1. An act to apply certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six-seven.

2. An act for raising the Sum of Fifteen Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six-seven.

3. An act for vesting the Office of Constable of the Castle of Saint Briavel's in the First Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings; and for vesting the Office of Keeper of the Forest of Dean in the County of Gloucester in the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings.

4. An act to amend an Act of the last Session for abolishing Capital Punishments in Cases of Letter Stealing and Sacrilege.

5. An act for carrying into further Execution Two Acts of His present Majesty, relating to the Compensation for Slaves upon the Abolition of Slavery, and for facilitating the Distribution and Payment of such Compensation.

6. An act for carrying into effect a Treaty made between His Majesty and the Queen Regent of Spain for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

7. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven; to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven; and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

8. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

9. An act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

10. An act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on a Bill to exclude the Borough of Stafford from sending Burgesses to serve in Parliament.

11. An act for the Registration of Aliens, and to repeal an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty for that Purpose.

12. An act for amending an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for the better Regulation of Divisions in the severed Counties of England and Wales.

13. An act to consolidate the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland.

14. An act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts in Ireland.

15. An act to amend an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, in order to enable certain Seamen belonging to Shetland or Orkney to pay certain Sums of Money, payable under that Act to the Seamens Fund, at Lerwick in Shetland or Kirkwall in Orkney.

16. An act to revive and continue in force, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty, an Act of the Legislature of Jamaica to explain and amend an Act for the Abolition of Slavery in that Island, and in aid of the same.

17. An act to make Provision for the better Administration of Justice in certain of His Majesty's West India Colonies.

18. An act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions, out of the Consolidated Fund, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six.

19. An act for separating the Palatine Jurisdiction of the County Palatine of Durham from the Bishoprick of Durham.

20. An act for imposing certain Restrictions on the Renewal of Leases by Ecclesiastical Persons.

21. An act to provide that Persons in Scotland accused of Letter Stealing shall not be entitled to Liberation on Bail unless in certain Cases.

22. An act to enable Bastards in Scotland to make Testaments.

23. An act to continue for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

24. An act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in a Chapel of Ease, in the Parish of Wandsworth in the County of Surrey, called Saint Anns Chapel.

25. An act for granting an additional Rate of Postage on Letters between Great Britain and Ireland by way of Milford and Waterford.

26. An act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six.

27. An act for investing in Government Securities further Portions of the Cash lying unemployed in the Bank of England belonging to Bankrupts Estates.

28. An act to enable Persons to make Deposits of Stock or Exchequer Bills in lieu of giving Security by Bond to the Postmaster General, and Commissioners of Land Revenue, Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Taxes.

29. An act for improving the Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis.

30. An act to repeal so much of Two Acts of the Ninth and Tenth Years of King George the Fourth as directs the Period of the Execution and the Prison Discipline of Persons convicted of the Crime of Murder.

31. An act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the Encouragement of building of Chapels of Ease in Ireland.

32. An act for the Regulation of Benefit Building Societies.

33. An act to amend and regulate the Law of Scotland as to Erasures in Instruments of Sasine and of Resignation ad remanentiam.

34. An act to amend an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth for the better Administration of Justice at the holding of Petty Sessions by Justices of the Peace in Ireland.

35. An act for further improving the Road between London and Holyhead by Coventry, Birmingham, and Shrewsbury.

36. An act to amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for consolidating the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland.

37. An act to repeal the several Acts now in force relating to Bread to be sold out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange; and to provide other Regulations for the making and Sale of Bread, and for preventing the Adulteration of Meal, Flour, and Bread, beyond the Limits aforesaid.

38. An act to amend an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An act to amend the Laws relating to Excise Licences, and to the Sale of Wine, Spirits, Beer, and Cider by Retail, in Ireland.

39. An act to continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts relating to the Importation and keeping of Arms and Gunpowder in Ireland.

40. An act to continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

41. An act to abolish the Commissary Court of Edinburgh, and to regulate the Mode of taking Proofs in Consistorial Causes in Scotland.

42. An act to grant certain Powers to Heirs of Entail in Scotland, and to authorize the Sale of Entailed Lands for the Payment of Certain Debts affecting the same.

43. An act to provide for the taking of Judicial Ratifications of Scottish Deeds on Oath as heretofore.

44. An act to continue the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

45. An act to transfer the Collection and Management of the Duties in Great Britain on Horses let for Hire, and on Licences relating to the same, from the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes to the Commissioners of Excise.

46. An act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Ninth Year of His late Majesty, for the Administration of Justice in New South Wales and Van Diemens Land.

47. An act to continue until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts relating to Insolvent Debtors in India.

48. An act to indemnify the Governors and others of the Islands of Antigua, Saint Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat for having permitted the Importation of certain Articles Duty-free.

49. An act to enable the Master of the Rolls to demise Part of the Rolls Estate to the Society of Judges and Serjeants.

60. An act to authorize the placing of the Horse Patrol now acting under the Authority of the Chief Magistrate of the Public Office in Bow Street under the Authority of the Justices appointed for the Metropolitan Police District.

51. An act for converting the Richmond General Penitentiary into one of the Prisons for the County of the City of Dublin, and to amend the Law relating to Prisons in Ireland.

52. An act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Excise on Paper printed, painted, or stained in the United Kingdom; and to reduce the Duties, Allowances, and Drawbacks on Paper, Button-board, Mill-board, Pasteboard, and Scale-board, made in the United Kingdom, of the First Class; and to discontinue the Excise Survey on the Manufacturers of certain Articles made from Paper, and on Dealers in and Retailers of Vinegar.

53. An act for enabling His Majesty to grant Admiralty Jurisdiction to the Court of Judicature of Prince of Wales's Island, Singapore, and Malacca.

54. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Conveyance of Newspapers by the Post.

55. An act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies in Ireland.

56. An act for regulating the Process of Cessio bonorum in the Court of Session, and for extending the Jurisdiction of Sheriffs in Scotland to such Cases.

57. An act for the Prevention and Punishment of Offences committed by His Majesty's Subjects within certain Territories adjacent to the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope.

58. An act for declaring the Law as to the Day on which it is requisite to present for Payment to the Acceptors or Acceptor supra Protest for Honour, or to the Referees or Referee in case if Need, Bills of Exchange, which had been dishonoured.

59. An act to extend the Protection of Copyright in Prints and Engravings to Ireland.

60. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs.

61. An act to assimilate the Law of Ireland to that of England in respect to the Liability of Owners of Vessels for Losses by Fire.

62. An act for continuing, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads, in Great Britain which will expire with the present or the next Session of Parliament.

63. An act to facilitate, until the Nineteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, the Recovery of certain Arrears of Highway Rates and Composition in lieu of Statute Duty.

64. An act to explain and amend an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament for imposing certain Restrictions on the Renewal of Leases by Ecclesiastical Persons.

65. An act for granting Relief from the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and on Stage Carriages, in certain Cases, and to regulate the charging of the Duty payable for taking or killing Game, in Great Britain; and to provide for the Collection of certain Local Taxes in Scotland.

66. An act to prevent the advertising of Foreign and other illegal Lotteries.

67. An act for suspending for One Year Appointments to certain Dignities and Offices in Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, and to Sinecure Rectories.

68. An act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament an Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty, for providing for the Government of His Majesty's Settlements in Western Australia, on the Western Coast of New Australia.

69. An act to fix the Standard Qualities of Gold and Silver Plate in Scotland, and to provide for the assaying and marking thereof.

70. An act to facilitate the Conveyance of Sites for School Rooms.

71. An act for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales.

72. An act to impose countervailing Duties of Excise on Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, and Commodities made from or with Spirits removed from Ireland to England or Scotland, or from Scotland to England, and to grant countervailing Drawbacks on the Removal of the same; to repeal the additional Duties of Excise on Licences to Retailers of Spirits in the United Kingdom; and to alter the Laws relating to Distillers and Retailers of Spirits.

73. An act to continue until the First Day of July next, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His present Majesty, relating to the Dispatch of Business done by the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

74. An act to abolish certain Offices connected with the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and to provide for the Performance of the Duties thereof.

75. An act to extend the Jurisdiction and regulate the Proceedings of the Civil Bill Courts in Ireland.

76. An act to reduce the Duties on Newspapers, and to amend the Laws relating to the Duties on Newspapers and Advertisements.

77. An act for carrying into effect the Reports of the Commissioners appointed to consider the State of the Established Church in England and Wales, with reference to Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues, so far as they relate to Episcopal Dioceses, Revenues, and Patronage.

78. An act to enable His Majesty to make Regulations for the better defining and establishing the Powers and Jurisdiction of His Majesty's Consuls in the Ottoman Dominions.

79. An act for vesting Lighthouses, Lights, and Sea Marks on the Coasts of England in the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond; and for making Provisions respecting Lighthouses, Lights, Buoys, Beacons, and Sea Marks, and the Tolls and Duties payable in respect thereof.

80. An act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acte for granting an Aid by a Land Tax, and for continuing the Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions.

81. An act to authorize His Majesty, until Six Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, to carry into immediate Execution, by Orders in Council, any Treaties, Conventions, or Stipulations made with any Foreign Power of State for the Suppression of the Slave Trade.

82. An act to carry into further Execution an Act for compensating Owners of Slaves upon the Abolition of Slavery, and for completing the full Payment of such Compensation.

83. An act for the Regulation of the Offices of Vice Treasurer and Teller of the Exchequer in Ireland.

84. An act to consolidate and amend the several Acts for the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in Ireland; and to incorporate certain detached Portions of Counties and Baronies with those Counties and Baronies respectively whereto the same may adjoin or wherein the same are locally situate.

85. An act for Marriages in England.

86. An act for registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England.

87. An act for extinguishing the Secular Jurisdiction of the Archbishop of York and the Bishop of Ely in certain Liberties in the Counties of York, Nottingham, and Cambridge.

88. An act to suspend to the End of the next Session of Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

89. An act to provide for the Attendance and Remuneration of Medical Witnesses at Coroners Inquests.

90. An act to continue until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

91. An act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to make and maintain a Road from the Church in the Parish of Sunk Island to the Town of Ottringham in the East Riding of the County of York.

92. An act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in the Church of Saint Clement, Oxford.

93. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

94. An act to amend an Act for enabling His Majesty to carry into effect a Convention made between His Majesty the King of the French, the Emperor of all the Russias, and the King of Bavaria.

95. An act to suspend, until the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, Proceedings for recovering Payment of the Money advanced under the Acts for establishing Tithe Compositions in Ireland.

96. An act to regulate Parochial Assessments.

97. An act for continuing and making perpetual the Duty on certain Offices and Pensions.

98. An act to apply the Sum of Four Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

99. An act to amend Two Acts passed respectively in the Third and Fourth and in the Fourth and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, for altering and amending the Laws relating to the Temporalities of the Church of Ireland.

100. An act to restrain the Alienation of Corporate Property in certain Towns in Ireland.

101. An act to legalize certain Lists of Voters and of Claims and Objections for the present Year.

102. An act for rendering more easy the taking the Poll at County Elections.

103. An act to make temporary Provision for the Boundaries of certain Boroughs.

104. An act for the better Administration of the Borough Fund in certain Boroughs.

105. An act for the better Administration of Justice in certain Boroughs.

106. An act to make Provision for the better and more expeditious Administration of Justice in the Stannaries of Cornwall, and for the enlarging the Jurisdiction and improving the Practice and Proceedings in the Courts of the said Stannaries.

107. An act to extend the Period for the Repayment of Loans made under an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and Wales.

103. An act to amend an Act passed in the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland.

109. An act to repeal certain Provisions respecting the Coal Trade.

110. An act to repeal so much of an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of King George the Third respecting Copyrights as requires the Delivery of a Copy of every published Book to the Libraries of Sion College, the Four Universities of Scotland, and of the King's Inns in Dublin.

111. An act to prevent the Fact of a previous Conviction being given in Evidence to the Jury on the Case before them, except when Evidence to Character is given.

112. An act for further facilitating the hearing and determining of Suits in Equity in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster.

113. An act for raising the Sum of Fourteen millions seven thousand nine hundred and fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six.

114. An act for enabling Persons indicted of Felony to make their Defence by Counsel or Attorney.

115. An act for facilitating the Inclosure of Open and Arable Fields in England and Wales.

116. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland.

117. An act to amend several Acts relating to the Harbour of Kingstown.

