Public Acts passed in 1837, 7 William 4 & 1 Victoria, c.1 - c.91.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1837.
---

1. An act to suspend for a limited Time the Operation of Two Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, for registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England, and for Marriages in England.

2. An act to amend an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland.

3. An act for transferring to the Commissioners of the Admiralty all Contracts, Bonds, and other Securities entered into with the Postmaster General in relation to the Packet Service.

4. An act to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, the Powers of the Commissioners for inquiring concerning Charities in England and Wales.

5. An act for amending an Act of His late Majesty, for restricting the Punishment of Leasing-making, Sedition, and Blasphemy, in Scotland.

6. An act to apply the Sum of Two Millions to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

7. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

8. An act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

9. An act to amend several Acts relating to the Royal Mint.

10. An act to alter, amend, and continue for a certain Period, an Act for repealing certain Acts relating to the Removal of poor Persons born in Scotland and Ireland, and chargeable to Parishes in England, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

11. An act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions, out of the Consolidated Fund, to the Service of the Year One thouand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

12. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight; and for the Relief of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors in certain Cases.

13. An act to amend the Acts for regulating the General Penitentiary at Millbank.

14. An act to explain and amend Two Acts relating to Trial by Jury in Scotland.

15. An act to discharge His Majesty's Manor and Demesne Lands at Newark in the County of Nottingham from any Costs of rebuilding or repairing Trent and Markham Bridges, and to charge the same on the other Hereditary Revenues of the Crown.

16. An act for raising the Sum of Eleven Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

17. An act for carrying to the Consolidated Fund certain Monies paid into the Exchequer, and usually applied as a Part of the annual Aids and Supplies; and for cancelling Stock transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt on account of the Redemption of Land Tax.

18. An act for continuing until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain which will expire with the present or with the next Session of Parliament.

19. An act to empower the Recorder or other Person presiding in Quarter Sessions in Corporate Cities and Towns, and Justices of the Peace for Counties, Ridings, or Divisions, to divide their respective Courts in certain Cases.

20. An act for transferring and vesting the Royal Military Canal, Roads, Towing Paths, and the Ramparts and other Works belonging thereto, and all Estates and Property taken and occupied for the same, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, and also the Rates and Tolls arising therefrom, in the principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance.

21. An act to amend the Acts for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland.

22. An act to explain and amend Two Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, for Marriages, and for registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages, in England.

23. An act to abolish the Punishment of the Pillory.

24. An act to explain and amend an Act of the Seventh Year of His Majesty King George the Fourth, to provide for improving and rebuilding Shire Halls, County Halls, and other Buildings for holding the Assizes and Grand Sessions, and also Judges Lodgings, throughout England and Wales.

25. An act to make more effectual Provisions relating to the Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis.

26. An act for the Amendment of the Laws with respect to Wills.

27. An act for granting to Her Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

28. An act to amend an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of His late Majesty, for the Limitation of Actions and Suits relating to Real Property, and for simplifying the Remedies for trying the Rights thereto.

29. An act for enabling Her Majesty to grant the Rank of General Officers to Foreigners now bearing Her Majesty's Commission, and to permit the Enlistment of Foreigners under certain Restrictions.

30. An act to abolish certain Offices in the Superior Courts of Common Law, and to make Provision for a more effective and uniform Establishment of Officers in those Courts.

31. An act for continuing Military Commissions and Commissions in the Royal Marines in force notwithstanding the Demise of the Crown.

32. An act to repeal the several Laws relating to the Post Office.

33. An act for the Management of the Post Office.

34. An act for the Regulation of the Duties of Postage.

35. An act for regulating the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets by the Post free from the Duty of Postage.

36. An act for consolidating the Laws relative to Offences against the Post Office of the United Kingdom, and for regulating the judicial Administration of the Post Office Laws, and for explaining certain Terms and Expressions employed in those Laws.

37. An act to continue until the First Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis.

38. An act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions six hundred and twenty-three thousand three hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

39. An act to interpret the Words "Sheriff," "Sheriff Clerk," "Shire," "Sheriffdom," and "County," occurring in Acts of Parliament relating to Scotland.

40. An act to continue an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

41. An act for the more effectual Recovery of Small Debts in the Sheriff Courts, and for regulating the Establishment of Circuit Courts for the Trial of Small Debt Causes by the Sheriffs, in Scotland.

42. An act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Ninth Year of His Majesty King George the Fourth, for the Administration of Justice in New South Wales and Van Dieman's Land.

43. An act to amend the Laws for the Recovery of Small Debts by Civil Bill in Ireland.

44. An act to provide for the Costs of Prosecutions for concealing the Birth of Children by secret burying or otherwise disposing of their Dead Bodies.

45. An act to alter the Mode of giving Notices for the holding of Vestries, of making Proclamations in Cases of Outlawry, and of giving Notices on Sundays with respect to various Matters.

46. An act to vest the Rolls Estate in Her Majesty, and to provide for the future Payment of the Salary of the Master of the Rolls and the Expences of the Rolls Chapel.

47. An act to repeal the Prohibition of the Payment of the Salaries and Allowances of the.East India Company's Officers during their Absence from their respective Stations in India.

48. An act to appoint a Second Commissioner of Bankrupt in Ireland; and to amend an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts in Ireland.

49. An act to amend certain Laws of Excise relating to the Duties on Malt made in the United Kingdom.

50. An act to facilitate the Conveyance of Lands and Buildings for the Purposes of Two Acts passed respectively in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His late Majesty King William the Fourth.

51. An act to authorize a further Issue of Exchequer Bills for Public Works and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor, and to amend the Acts relating thereto.

52. An act to suspend to the End of the next Session of Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

53. An act to explain and amend an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of His late Majesty, for extinguishing the Secular Jurisdiction of the Archbishop of York and the Bishop of Ely in certain Liberties in the Counties of York, Nottingham, and Cambridge.

54. An act to provide more effectual Means to make Treasurers of Counties and Counties of Cities in Ireland account for public Monies, and to secure the same.

55. An act for better regulating the Fees payable to Sheriffs upon the Execution of Civil Process.

56. An act for amending the several Acts for the Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors.

57. An act to impose certain Duties of Excise on Sugar made from Beet Root in the United Kingdom.

58. An act to revive and continue, until the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for suspending Proceedings for recovering Payment of the Money advanced under the Acts for establishing Tithe Compositions in Ireland.

59. An act to postpone until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine the Repayment of certain Sums advanced by the Bank of Ireland for the Public Service.

60. An act for correcting mistaken References to His late Majesty in Acts of this Session of Parliament.

61. An act to extend an Exemption granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament from the Duties of Assessed Taxes, in respect of certain Carriages with less than Four Wheels, and to amend the Laws relating to the said Duties.

62. An act to authorize Her Majesty, until Six Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, to carry into immediate Execution, by Orders in Council, any Treaties, Conventions, or Stipulations made with any Foreign Power or State for the Suppression of the Slave Trade.

63. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight.

64. An act for regulating the Coroners of the County of Durham.

65. An act to render valid certain Acts done in the Performance of Duties in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland by the Lord Ordinary on the Bills in the Court of Session, and for the better Regulation of the said Court of Exchequer.

66. An act to extend to Ireland the Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of His late Majesty's Reign consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the cruel and improper Treatment of Animals.

67. An act to amend an Act of the Fifth Year of His Majesty King George the Fourth, for consolidating and amending the Laws relative to the Arbitration of Disputes between Masters and Workmen.

68. An act to provide for Payment of the Expences of holding Coroners Inquests.

69. An act to amend an Act for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales.

70. An act to authorize the Commissioners for the Affairs of India and the Court of Directors of the East India Company to suspend the subsisting Enactments concerning the Fourfold System of Nomination of Candidates for the East India Company's College at Haileybury, and for providing during such Suspension for the Examination of Candidates for the said College.

71. An act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, Two Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for suspending Appointments to certain Dignities and Offices in Cathedrals and Collegiate Churches, and to Sinecure Rectories, and for preventing the immediate Effects on Ecclesiastical Jurisdictions of the Measures in progress for the Alteration of Dioceses.

72. An act to provide for the Appointment of Lords Justices in the Case of the next Successor to the Crown being out of the Realm at the Time of the Demise of Her Majesty.

73. An act for better enabling Her Majesty to confer certain Powers and Immunities on trading and other Companies.

74. An act to restrain the Alienation of Corporate Property in certain Towns in Ireland.

75. An act to prolong for Ten Years Her Majesty's Commission for building new Churches.

76. An act to impose Rates of Packet Postage on East India Letters, and to amend certain Acts relating to the Post Office.

77. An act to assimilate the Practice of the Central Criminal Court to other Courts of Criminal Judicature within the Kingdom of England and Wales, with respect to Offenders liable to the Punishment of Death.

78. An act to amend an Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales.

79. An act to apply the Sum of Five millions two hundred and twenty thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

80. An act to exempt certain Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes from the Operation of the Laws relating to Usury.

81. An act to provide for the levying of Rates in Boroughs and Towns having Municipal Corporations in England and Wales.

82. An act to amend the Law relating to Grand Juries in Ireland, so far as to empower the Grand Jury of the County of Fermanagh to reconstruct the Baronial Subdivisions of the said County.

83. An act to compel Clerks of the Peace for Counties and other Persons to take the Custody of such Documents as shall be directed to be deposited with them under the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament.

84. An act to abolish the Punishment of Death in Cases of Forgery.

85. An act to amend the Laws relating to Offences against the Person.

86. An act to amend the Laws relating to Burglary and Stealing in a Dwelling House.

87. An act to amend the Laws relating to Robbery and Stealing from the Person.

88. An act to amend certain Acts relating to the Crime of Piracy.

89. An act to amend the Laws relating to burning or destroying Buildings and Ships.

90. An act to amend the Law relative to Offences punishable by Transportation for Life.

91. An act for abolishing the Punishment of Death in certain Cases.

