Public Acts passed in 1840, 3 & 4 Victoria c.1 - c.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1840.
---

1. An act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament for naturalizing His Serene Highness Prince Albert of Saxe Coburg and Gotha.

2. An act for the Naturalization of His Serene Highness Prince Albert of Saxe Coburg and Gotha.

3. An act for enabling Her Majesty to grant an Annuity to His Serene Highness Prince Albert of Saxe Coburg and Gotha.

4. An act to apply the Sum of Two Millions to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty.

5. An act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to restrain and prevent the excessive Increase of Horse Races; and for amending an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled 'An act for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming,' as relates to the Subject of Horse Racing.

6. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty.

8. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

9. An act to give summary Protection to Persons employed in the Publication of Parliamentary Papers.

10. An act to authorize the Issue of Exchequer Bills for Public Works and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor.

11. An act to settle an Annuity on Lord Seaton and the Two next surviving Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Seaton to whom the Title of Lord Seaton shall descend, in consideration of his important Services.

12. An act for raising the Sum of Eleven Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty.

13. An act to amend an Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, to abolish Compositions for Tithes in Ireland, and to substitute Rent-charges in lieu thereof.

14. An act to continue for One Year, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

15. An act further to explain and amend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales.

16. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-one; and for the Relief of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors in certain Cases.

17. An act for granting to Her Majesty Duties of Customs, Excise, and Assessed Taxes.

18. An act to discontinue the Excise Survey on Tobacco, and to provide other Regulations in lieu thereof.

19. An act for granting to Her Majesty an additional Duty of Customs on Timber.

20. An act to amend an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for rendering more effectual Her late Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy; and to render valid certain Agreements which have been made in pursuance of the said Act; and for other Purposes.

21. An act to extend to the British Colonies in the West Indies an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Year of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, for regulating the Carriage of Passengers in Merchant Vessels.

22. An act to impose upon Broad or Spread Glass the same Duties of Excise that are payable upon German Sheet Glass.

23. An act for granting to Her Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty.

24. An act to repeal Part of an Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act to avoid trifling and frivolous Suits in Law in Her Majesty's Courts in Westminster, and of an Act of the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for laying Impositions on Proceedings at Law; and to make further Provisions in lieu thereof.

25. An act to amend the Act for the better ordering of Prisons.

26. An act to remove Doubts as to the Competency of Persons, being rated Inhabitants of any Parish, to give Evidence in certain Cases.

27. An act to continue to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-three, and thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts relating to the Removal of poor Persons born in Scotland and Ireland, and chargeable to Parishes in England.

28. An act to explain and amend an Act of the Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty, for more equally assessing and levying Watch Rates in certain Boroughs.

29. An act to extend the Practice of Vaccination.

30. An act for the more equal Assessment of Police Rates in Manchester, Birmingham, and Bolton, and to make better Provision for the Police in Birmingham, for One Year, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

31. An act to extend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Inclosure of Open and Arable Fields in England and Wales.

32. An act to continue for One Year, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts relating to the Importation and keeping of Arms and Gunpowder in Ireland.

33. An act to make certain Provisions and Regulations in respect to the Exercise, within England and Ireland, of their Office, by the Bishops and Clergy of the Protestant Episcopal Church in Scotland; and also to extend such Provisions and Regulations to the Bishops and Clergy of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States of America; and also to make further Regulations in respect to Bishops and Clergy other than those of the United Church of England and Ireland.

34. An act for making Provision as to the Office of Master in Chancery in certain Cases.

35. An act to re-unite the Provinces of Upper and Lower Canada, and for the Government of Canada.

36. An act for preventing Ships clearing out from a British North American Port loading any Part of their Cargo of Timber upon Deck.

37. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, and for providing for the Observance of Discipline in the Indian Navy, and to amend the Laws for regulating the Payment of Regimental Debts, and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in Service.

38. An act to continue Compositions for Assessed Taxes until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-two.

39. An act to authorize Trustees or Commissioners of Turnpike Roads to appoint Meetings for executing their Trusts in certain Cases.

40. An act to amend Two Acts of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, for the Relief of certain of Her Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies.

41. An act to authorize the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to grant a Lease of the Caledonian Canal for a Term of Years, and to regulate the future Management thereof.

42. An act to continue the Poor Law Commission until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-one.

43. An act for repairing Blenheim Palace.

44. An act to amend an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Fourth, for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland.

45. An act to continue until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, or if Parliament shall then be sitting until the End of the then Session of Parliament, the Local Turnpike Acts for Great Britain which expire with this or the ensuing Session of Parliament.

46. An act to continue for One Year from the passing of this Act, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

47. An act to repeal so much of an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne as prevents the Re-ekction of Mayors of Parliamentary Boroughs and other annual Returning Officers.

48. An act to enable Proprietors of Entailed Estates in Scotland to feu or lease on long Leases Portions of the same for the building of Churches and Schools, and for Dwelling Houses and Gardens for the Ministers and Masters thereof.

49. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws for collecting the Duties of Excise on Soap made in Great Britain.

50. An act to provide for keeping the Peace on Canals and Navigable Rivers.

51. An act to amend and explain the general Turnpike Acts, so far as relates to the Toll payable on Carriages or Horses laden with Lime for the Improvement of Land.

52. An act to provide for the Administration of the Government in case the Crown should descend to any Issue of Her Majesty whilst such Issue shall be under the Age of Eighteen Years, and for the Care and Guardianship of such Issue.

53. An act for vacating any Presentment for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate in Dublin, and vacating any Contract between the Commissioners for rebuilding the said Gaol and the Contractor.

54. An act for making further Provision for the Confinement and Maintenance of Insane Prisoners.

55. An act to enable the Owners of Settled Estates to defray the Expence of draining the same by way of Mortgage.

56. An act further to regulate the Trade of Ships built and trading within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter.

57. An act to impose Duties of Exciseon Sugar manufactured in the United Kingdom.

58. An act to amend the Acts relating to the River Poddle in the County and City of Dublin.

59. An act for the Amendment of the Law of Evidence in Scotland.

60. An act to further amend the Church Building Acts.

61. An act to amend the Acts relating to the general Sale of Beer and Cider by Retail in England.

62. An act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and to extend, the Provisions of an Act to provide for the Administration of Justice in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, and for the more effectual Government thereof, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

63. An act to extend the Powers of the Commissioners appointed for the Execution of Two Acts for supporting the several Harbours and Sea Ports in the Isle of Man.

64. An act to continue, until Eight Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act for authorizing Her Majesty to carry into immediate Execution, by Orders in Council, any Treaties for the Suppression of the Slave Trade.

65. An act to improve the Practice and extend the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty of England.

66. An act to make Provision for the Judge, Registrar, and Marshal of the High Court of Admiralty of England.

67. An act for carrying into effect the Treaty between Her Majesty and the Republic of Venezuela, for the Suppression of the Slave Trade.

68. An act to enable Her Majesty in Council to authorize Ships and Vessels belonging to Countries having Treates of Reciprocity with the United Kingdom to be piloted, in certain Cases, without having a licensed Pilot on board; and also to regulate the Mode in which Pilot Boats shall be painted and distinguished.

69. An act to continue, for Six Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for carrying into effect a Convention between Her Majesty and the King of the French, relative to the Fisheries on the Coasts of the British Islands and of France.

70. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-one.

71. An act to suspend until the End of the next Session of Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

72. An act to provide for the Solemnization of Marriages in the Districts in or near which the Parties reside.

73. An act to explain and amend the Acts relating to Friendly Societies.

74. An act for the better Protection of the Oyster Fisheries in Scotland.

75. An act to regulate the Repayment of certain Sums advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland for the Public Service.

76. An act to empower the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to annex certain Townlands to the County of Roscommon.

77. An act for improving the Condition and extending the Benefits of Grammar Schools.

78. An act to provide for the Sale of the Clergy Reserves in the Province of Canada, and for the Distribution of the Proceeds thereof.

79. An act to amend the Law relating to the Admission of Attornies and Solicitors to practise in the Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland.

80. An act to continue until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts relating to Insolvent Debtors in India.

81. An act to define the Notice of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities, Towns, and Boroughs in England.

82. An act for further amending the Act for abolishing Arrest on Mesne Process in Civil Actions.

83. An act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-three, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for amending and extending the Provisions of an Act of the First Year of Her present Majesty, for exempting certain Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes from the Operation of the Laws relating to Usury.

84. An act for better defining the Powers of Justices within the Metropolitan Police District.

85. An act for the Regulation of Chimney Sweepers and Chimneys.

86. An act for better enforcing Church Discipline.

87. An act to enable Her Majesty's Commissioners of Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to make additional Thoroughfares in the Metropolis.

88. An act to amend the Act for the Establishment of County and District Constables.

89. An act to exempt, until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, Inhabitants of Parishes, Townships, and Villages from Liability to be rated as such, in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property, to the Relief of the Poor.

90. An act for the Care and Education of Infants who may be convicted of Felony.

91. An act for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds and Abuses committed by Weavers, Sewers, and other Persons employed in the Linen, Hempen, Union, Cotton, Silk, and Woollen Manufactures in Ireland, and for the better Payment of their Wages, for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

92. An act for enabling Courts of Justice to admit Non-parochial Registers as Evidence of Births or Baptisms, Deaths or Burials, and Marriages.

93. An act to amend the Act for the better Regulation of Ecclesiastical Courts in England.

94. An act for facilitating the Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery.

95. An act to enable Her Majesty to carry into effect certain Stipulations contained in a Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between Her Majesty and the Emperor of Austria; and to empower Her Majesty to declare, by Order in Council, that Ports which are the most natural and convenient Shipping Ports of States within whose Dominions they are not situated may in certain Cases be considered, for all Purposes of Trade with Her Majesty's Dominions, as the National Ports of such States.

96. An act for the Regulation of the Duties of Postage.

97. An act for regulating Railways.

98. An act to authorize, for a limited Time, the Application of a Portion of the Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads in certain Townships and Districts.

99. An act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain.

100. An act for taking an Account of the Population of Ireland.

101. An act to amend several Acts relating to the Temporalities of the Church in Ireland.

102. An act to amend the Law relating to Court Houses in Ireland.

103. An act to amend an Act of the last Session for making further Provisions relating to the Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis.

104. An act to transfer to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods and Works, and other Commissioners, the several Powers now vested in the Commissioners for repairing the Line of Road from Shrewsbury in the County of Salop to Bangor Ferry in the County of Carnarvon; and to amend the London and Holyhead Roads Acts so iar as relates to the Dunstable Road.

105. An act for abolishing Arrest on Mesne Process in Civil Actions, except in certain Cases; for extending the Remedies of Creditors against the Property of Debtors; and for the further Amendment of the Law and the better Advancement of Justice in Ireland.

106. An act for raising the Sum of Ten millions seven hundred fifty-one thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty.

107. An act to continue and amend the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

108. An act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland.

109. An act to annex certain Parts of certain Counties of Cities to adjoining Counties; to make further Provision for Compensation of Officers in Boroughs; to limit the Borough Rate; and to continue for a limited Time an Act to restrain the Alienation of Corporate Property in Ireland.

110. An act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

111. An act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, and to extend, the Provisions of an Act of the First and Second Years of Her present Majesty, relating to legal Proceedings by certain Joint Stock Banking Companies against their own Members, and by such Members against the Companies.

112. An act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

113. An act to carry into effect, with certain Modifications, the Fourth Report of the Commissioners of Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues.

