Public Acts passed in 1841, 5 Victoria c.1 - c.11.
From A Collection of the Public General Statutes, 1841.
---

1. An act to authorize Her Majesty's Commissioners of Woods to grant Building Leases of the Royal Kitchen Garden at Kensington, and to form and improve other Royal Gardens; and to enable the said Commissioners to purchase Lands of Copyhold or Customary Tenure.

2. An act for annexing the Mansion House, Gardens, and Grounds at Frogmore, Part of the Land Revenue of the Crown, to Windsor Castle.

3. An act to alter an Act of the Eleventh Year of King George the Fourth, for amending the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Navy, and an Act of the Fifth Year of King William the Fourth, to alter the Provisions of the said Act.

4. An act to continue for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts relating to the Care and Treatment of Insane Persons in England.

5. An act to make further Provisions for the Administration of Justice.

6. An act to amend an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act to empower the Archbishop of Canterbury or the Archbishop of York for the Time being to consecrate to the Office of a Bishop Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of His Majesty's Dominions.

7. An act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-two such Laws as may expire within a limited Period.

8. An act for funding Exchequer Bills, and for making Provision for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one.

9. An act to provide for Payment of the Persons employed in taking Account of the Population in England.

10. An act to continue the Poor Law Commission until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-two.

11. An act for raising the Sum of Ten millions six hundred and twenty-six thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

