Public Acts passed in 1850, 13 & 14 Victoria, c.1 - c.116.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1850.
---

1. An act to amend an Act of the last Session, for making Provision for the Collection of County Cess in Ireland, and for the Remuneration of the Collectors thereof.

2. An act to restrain Party Processions in Ireland.

3. An act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

4. An act for requiring the Transmission of annual Abstracts of Accounts and Statements of Trustees or Commissioners of Turnpike Roads and Bridges in Ireland to the Lord Lieutenant to be laid before Parliament.

5. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

6. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

7. An act for consolidating the Office of the Registrar of Metropolitan Public Carriages with the Office of Commissioners of Police of the Metropolis, and making other Provisions in regard to the consolidated Offices.

8. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of the Fifth Annual General Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, and to confirm the Proceedings in the Matter of the Common Wood Inclosure.

9. An act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Excise on Bricks.

10. An act for raising the Sum of Nine millions two hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

11. An act to make better Provision for the Contributions of Unions and Parishes in School Districts to the common Funds of the respective Districts.

12. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

13. An act to render more simple and effectual the Titles by which Congregations or Societies associated for Purposes of Religious Worship or Education in Scotland hold Real Property required for such Purposes.

14. An act to authorize a further Advance of Money to certain distressed Poor Law Unions, and to make Provision for the Repayment of Advances made and authorized to be made to Poor Law Unions and other Districts, in Ireland.

15. An act to authorize the Establishment of Courts of Appeal for certain of Her Majesty's West India Colonies.

16. An act to enable the Judges of the Courts of Common Law at Westminster to alter the Forms of Pleading.

17. An act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for granting Relief against Defects in Leases made under Powers of Leasing.

18. An act for the Regulation of Process and Practice in the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland.

19. An act to explain and amend an Act for the Regulation of Process and Practice in the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland.

20. An act to amend an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty, for the Appointment and Payment of Parish Constables.

21. An act for shortening the Language used in Acts of Parliament.

22. An act for raising the Sum of Eight millions five hundred and fifty-eight thousand seven hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty.

23. An act to repeal an Exception in an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of King Henry the Sixth concerning the Days whereon Fairs and Markets ought not to be kept.

24. An act to enable the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital to improve the said Hospital, and also to enlarge and improve the Billingsgate Dock, and widen Billingsgate Street, in Greenwich; and for other Purposes.

25. An act to enable Queen's Counsel and others, not being of the Degree of the Coif, to act as Judges of Assize.

26. An act to repeal an Act of the Sixth Year of King George the Fourth, for encouraging the Capture or Destruction of Piratical Ships and Vessels; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

27. An act to provide for the Commencement of an Act of the present Session, intituled An act to reveal an Act of the Sixth Year of King George the Fourth, for encouraging the Capture or Destruction of Piratical Ships and Vessels, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

28. An act to render more simple and effectual the Titles by which Congregations or Societies for Purposes of Religious Worship or Education in England and Ireland hold Property for such Purposes.

29. An act to amend the Laws concerning Judgments in Ireland.

30. An act to provide for the Appointment of Sheriff of the County of Westmoreland.

31. An act to authorize further Advances of Money for Drainage and the Improvement of Landed Property in flic United Kingdom, and to amend the Acts relating to such Advances.

32. An act for confirming certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health.

33. An act to make more effectual Provision for regulating the Police of Towns and populous Places in Scotland, and for paving, draining, cleansing, lighting, and improving the same.

34. An act to continue certain Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

35. An act to diminish the Delay and Expense of Proceedings in the High Court of Chancery in England.

36. An act to facilitate Procedure in the Court of Session in Scotland.

37. An act for the further Extension of Summary Jurisdiction in Cases of Larceny.

38. An act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in the new Church at Upton cum Chalvey in the County of Buckingham and Diocese of Oxford.

39. An act for the better Government of Convict Prisons.

40. An act to regulate the Disposition of the Naval Prize Balance.

41. An act to authorize the Division of the Parish of Manchester into several Parishes, and for the Application of the Revenues of the Collegiate and Parish Church, and for other Purposes.

42. An act to confirm the Incorporation of certain Boroughs, and to provide for the Payment of the Expences of the Incorporation of the new Boroughs.

43. An act to amend the Practice and Proceedings of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

44. An act for taking an Account of the Population of Ireland.

45. An act to continue an Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Socieities.

46. An act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

47. An act for farther continuing certain temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England.

48. An act to continue certain Acts relating to Linen, Hempen, and other Manufactures in Ireland.

49. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

50. An act to continue the Exemption of Inhabitants from Liability to be rated as such in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property to the Relief of the Poor.

51. An act for the Transfer of the Equitable Jurisdiction of the Court of Exchequer to the Court of Chancery Ireland.

52. An act to make better Provision for the Internment of the Dead in and near the Metropolis.

53. An act for taking account of the Population of Great Britain.

54. An act to amend the Acts relating to Labour in Factories.

55. An act to amend an Act of the last Session for amending an Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland, so far as relates to the Borough of Dublin.

56. An act to continue the Act for exempting certain Bills of Echange and Promissory Notes from the Operation of the Usury Laws.

57. An act to prevent the holding of Vestry or other Meetings in Churches, and for regulating the Appointment of Vestry Clerks.

58. An act to continue an Act for authorizing the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads.

59. An act for the better Government of Her Majesty's Australian Colonies.

60. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Conveyance and Transfer of Real and Personal Property vested in Mortgagees and Trustees.

61. An act to extend the Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts and Demands in England, and to amend the same.

62. An act to alter and extend an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of King George the Fourth, for amending and consolidating the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Navy.

63. An act to provide for the Redemption of an Annuity of Ten thousand Pounds payable to the "Equivalent Company."

64. An act to provide for more effectually repairing, improving, and rebuilding Bridges in Cities and Boroughs.

65. An act for enabling Town Councils to establish Public Libraries and Museums.

66. An act to authorise the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

67. An act to reduce the Duty of Excise on Sugar manufactured in the United Kingdom, and to impose a countervailing Duty on Sugar used in the Drying of Beer for Sale; and also to amend the Laws relating to the Licences granted to Brewers and Distillers.

68. An act to shorten the Duration of Elections in Ireland, and for establishing additional Places for taking the Poll thereat.

69. An act to amend the Laws which regulate the Qualification and Registratioiamentary Voters in Ireland, and to alter the Law for rating Immediate Lessors of Premises to the Poor Rate in certain Boroughs.

70. An act empowering the Canterbury Association to dispose of certain Lands in New Zealand.

71. An act to continue an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An act to prevent, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the spreading of contagious or infectious Disorders among Sheep, Cattle, and other Animals.

72. An act to amend the Laws for the Registration of Assurances of Lands in Ireland.

73. An act to amend the Law relating to Proceedings by Process of Attachment of Goods in the Borough and other Courts of Record in Ireland.

74. An act for the better Regulation of the Office of Registrar of Judgments in Ireland.

75. An act to regulate the Receipt and Amount of Fees receivable by certain Officers in the Court of Common Pleas.

76. An act to provide for the Division of the Deanery of Saint Burian into Three Rectories, and for abolishing the Royal Peculiar of Saint Burian.

77. An act to enable Her Majesty to make a suitable Provision for His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, and also for Her Royal Highness the Princess Mary of Cambridge.

78. An act to enable Her Majesty to make Provision for the Residence of His Royal Highness Albert Edward Prince of Wales in Marlborough Howe during the joint Lives of Her Majesty and His Royal Highness.

79. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, and to make further Provisions respecting Turnpike Roads, in England.

80. An act to repeal Part of an Act of the Fifteenth Year of King George the Third, for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others employed in the said Fisheries to the Ports thereof at the End of the Fishing Season.

81. An act to explain an Act of the last Session for amending an Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland, so far as relates to the Borough of Dublin.

82. An act to extend the Remedies for the Collection of Grand Jury Cess in Ireland.

83. An act to facilitate the Abandonment of Railways, and the Dissolution of Railway Companies, in certain Cases.

84. An act to enable the Council of the Borough of Manchester to determine their Liability to defray the Expenses of Customs in respect of Goods warehoused in the said Borough, and to authorize the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to direct the Discontinuance of the further warehousing of Goods in such Warehouses without Payment of Duty.

85. An act to provide for holding the Assizes of certain Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland in the Assize Towns of the adjoining Counties at large in certain Cases; and to make Provision as to Gaols in case of the Change of Assize Towns.

86. An act for the Erection on the Earthen Mound in the City of Edinburgh of Buildings for a National Gallery, and other Purposes connected therewith and with the Promotion of the Fine Arts in Scotland.

87. An act for Payment of a Moiety of certain Penalties towards Police Superannuation Funds.

88. An act to amend the Law relating to Engines used in the Rivers and on the Sea Coasts of Ireland for the taking of Fish.

89. An act to regulate the Proceedings in the High Court of Chancery in Ireland.

90. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health, and for certain other Purposes in relation to the Public Health Act, 1848.

91. An act to authorize Justices of any Borough having a separate Gaol to commit Assize Prisoners to such Gaol and to extend the Jurisdiction of Borough Justices to all Offences and Matters arising within the Borough for which they act.

92. An act for the more effectual Prevention of Cruelty to Animals in Scotland.

93. An act for improving the Condition of Masters, Mates and Seamen, and maintaining Discipline in the Merchant Service.

94. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

95. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs.

96. An act to continue and amend the Acts for authorizing a Composition for Assessed Taxes.

97. An act to repeal certain Stamp Duties, and to grant others in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties.

98. An act to amend the Law relating to the holding of Benefices in Plurality.

99. An act for the better assessing and collecting the Poor Rates and Highway Rates in respect of Small Tenements.

100. An act for Inspection of Coal Mines in Great Britain.

101. An act to continue Two Acts passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, for charging the Maintenance of certain poor Persons in Unions in England and Wales upon the Common Fund; and to make certain Amendments in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor.

102. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to certain Offences and other Matters as to which Justices of the Peace exercise a summary Jurisdiction in Ireland.

103. An act to authorize further Charges on "The London Bridge Approaches Fund" for the Completion of certain Improvements in the Metropolis.

104. An act to extend and amend the Acts relating to the Copyright of Designs.

105. An act for facilitating the Union of Liberties with the Counties in which they are situate.

106. An act to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act of the Eleventh Year of Her present Majesty, for the better Prevention of Crime and Outrage in certain Parts of Ireland.

107. An act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and certain other Sums, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

108. An act for confirming certain further Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health.

109. An act to enlarge and extend the Powers of an Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to construct a new Street from Spitalfields to Shoreditch.

110. An act to continue the Act for amending the Laws relating to Savings Banks in Ireland.

111. An act to relieve the Chester and Holyhead Railway Company from contributing towards the Expense of the proposed new Harbour at Holyhead, and to take away the Powers of the said Company in relation to such Harbour.

112. An act to vest in the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland certain Works and Rights of the Lough Corrib Improvement Company, and to compensate such Company for the same.

113. An act to authorize the Transfer of Loans for the Improvement of Land in Ireland to other Land.

114. An act to repeal the Stamp Duties on Proceedings in the Courts of Law in Ireland, and to grant certain other Stamp Duties in lieu thereof.

115. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Friendly Societies.

116. An act to amend an Act passed in the Tenth Year of Her present Majesty's Reign, for empowering the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to purchase Land for a Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater in the Isle of Portland; and to make further Provisions for the Division and Application of the Purchase Money.

