Public Acts passed in 1851, 14 & 15 Victoria c.1 - c.106.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1851.
---

1. An act to amend the Passengers Act, 1849.

2. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of the Sixth Annual Report of the Inclosure Commissioners.

3. An act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

4. An act to enable Her Majesty to appoint a Vice Chancellor in the Room of Sir James Wigram, resigned.

5. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

6. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An act to amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the Twenty-fifth Year of King George the Third, for explaining and amending several Laws for the Encouragement of Agriculture, so far as relates to Leases for the Erection of Mills.

8. An act to extend the Provisions of the Designs Act, 1850, and to give Protection from Piracy to Persons exhibiting new Inventions in the Exhibition of the Works of Industry of all Nations in One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

9. An act for raising the Sum of Seventeen millions seven hundred and fifty-six thousand six hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one.

10. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

11. An act for the better Protection of Persons under the Care and Control of others as Apprentices or Servants; and to enable the Guardians and Overseers of the Poor to institute and conduct Prosecutions in certain Cases.

12. An act to continue the Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to amend the Act imposing the same.

13. An act to regulate the Sale of Arsenic.

14. An act to amend the Law for the Registration of certain Persons commonly known as "Compound Householders," and to facilitate the Exercise by such Persons of their Right to vote in the Election of Borough Members to serve in Parliament.

15. An act to amend the Court of Chancery (Ireland) Regulation Act, 1850.

16. An act for the better Management and Control of the Highways in South Wales.

17. An act further to explain and amend an Act for the Regulation of Process and Practice in the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland.

18. An act to continue the Stamp Duties granted by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty to assimilate the Stamp Duties in Great Britain and Ireland, and to make Regulations for collecting and managing the same.

19. An act for the better Prevention of Offences.

20. An act to extend the Remedies provided by the Renewable Leasehold Conversion Act, for the Recovery of Fee-farm Rents under that Act, to all other Fee-farm Rents and to other Rents in Ireland reserved upon Grants of Land in which the Grantors have no Reversion.

21. An act to amend an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her Majesty, to amend an Act of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of King George the Third for empowering Grand Juries in Ireland to present Bridges, and Tolls to be paid for passing the same, in certain Cases.

22. An act to continue the Survey of Great Britain, Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the Isle of Man.

23. An act to authorize for a further Period the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to a limited Amount for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor.

24. An act to amend the Acts for the granting of Sites for Schools.

25. An act to improve the Law of Landlord and Tenant in relation to Emblements, to growing Crops seized in Execution, and to Agricultural Tenants Fixtures.

26. An act to amend the Acts relating to the British White Herring Fishery.

27. An act to amend certain Acts for the Improvement of Prisons and Prison Discipline in Scotland.

28. An act for the well-ordering of Common Lodging Houses.

29. An act for further continuing certain temporary Provisions concerning Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England.

30. An act to continue an Act for authorizing the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads.

31. An act to continue an Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

32. An act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

33. An act to enlarge the Period allowed for compounding for Assessed Taxes.

34. An act to encourage the Establishment of Lodging Houses for the Labouring Classes.

35. An act to extend the Benefits of certain Provisions of the General Merchant Seamen's Act relating to Apprentices bound to the Sea Service to Apprentices bound to the Sea Service by Boards of Guardians of the Poor in Ireland, and to enable such Guardians to place out Boys in the Naval Service.

36. An act to repeal the Duties payable on Dwelling Houses according to the Number of Windows or Lights, and to grant in lieu thereof other Duties on Inhabited Houses according to their annual Value.

37. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain.

38. An act to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts, and to make certain Provisions respecting Exemptions from Tolls.

39. An act to exempt Burgesses and Freemen in certain Cases from the Operation of an Act for the better assessing and collecting the Poor Rates and Highway Rates in respect of Small Tenements.

40. An act for Marriages in India.

41. An act to regulate the Salaries of the Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench and the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas.

42. An act to make better Provision for the Management of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and for the Direction of Public Works and Buildings.

43. An act for disafforesting the Forest of Hainault in the County of Essex.

44. An act to continue certain Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

45. An act to continue an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty for amending the Law relative to Private Lunatic Asylums in Ireland.

46. An act to amend Two several Acts of Her Majesty's Reign enabling the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to purchase Lands for and to form Victoria Park; and to indemnify the Trustees of Copyhold Lands held in trust for Her Majesty.

47. An act to continue the Exemption of Inhabitants from Liability to be rated as such in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property to the Relief of the Poor.

48. An act to continue an Act of the Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty, "to extend and render more effectual for Five Years an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His late Majesty George the Fourth, to amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty George the Third, for preventing the administering and taking unlawful Oaths in Ireland" as the same is amended by an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty's Reign.

49. An act to repeal an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her present Majesty, for making preliminary Inquiries in certain Cases of Applications for Local Acts, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

50. An act to amend the Public Health Act, and an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of King William the Fourth, in respect of the Assessment of Tithe and Tithe Rentcharges for certain Rates.

51. An act to authorize for a further Period the Application of Money for the Purposes of Loans for carrying on Public Works in Ireland.

52. An act to facilitate the more speedy Arrest of absconding Debtors.

53. An act to consolidate and continue the Copyhold and Inclosure Commissions, and to provide for the Completion of Proceedings under the Tithe Commutation Acts.

54. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners.

55. An act to amend the Law relating to the Expenses of Prosecutions, and to make further Provision for the Apprehension and Trial of Offenders, in certain Cases.

56. An act to sanction the Service by Post of Notices relative to the Proceedings of certain charitable Institutions, and to make further Provision as to the Service of such Notices in future.

57. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Civil Bills and the Courts of Quarter Sessions in Ireland, and to transfer to the Assistant Barristers certain Jurisdiction as to Insolvent Debtors.

58. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

59. An act to continue certain of the Allowances of the Duty of Excise on Soap used in Manufactures.

60. An act to prevent the Assumption of certain Ecclesiastical Titles in respect of Places in the United Kingdom.

61. An act for providing a Metropolitan Market and Conveniences connected therewith in lieu of the Cattle Market at Smithfield.

62. An act to alter certain Duties of Customs, and to enable the Treasury to regulate the Mode of keeping the Account between the Receiver General of Customs and the Bank of England.

63. An act for the Settlement of the Boundaries between the Provinces of Canada and New Brunswick.

64. An act to repeal the Act for constituting Commissioners of Railways.

65. An act to continue certain temporary Provisions relating to the Collection of Grand Jury Cess in Ireland; and also to provide for the due Annexation of an isolated District, formerly of the County of Dublin, to a Barony of the County of Wicklow, for the Purposes of Grand Jury Cess and other Purposes.

66. An act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ness at the Town of Inverness, and improving the Approaches thereto; and for amending the Acts relating to Highland Roads and Bridges.

67. An act to repeal so much of an Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Third, relating to the making, keeping, and Carriage of Gunpowder, as exempts therefrom certain Gunpowder Magazines and Stores near Liverpool, and to make certain temporary Provisions with regard to the said Magazines and Stores.

68. An act to provide for the better Distribution, Support, and Management of Medical Charities in Ireland; and to amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of Her Majesty, to provide for the Execution of the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in Ireland.

69. An act to continue an Act of the Twelfth Year of Her present Majesty, to prevent the spreading of contagious or infectious Disorders among Sheep, Cattle, and other Animals.

70. An act to alter and amend certain Provisions of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, so far as relates to Ireland.

71. An act to repeal certain Statutes relating to the Irish Branch of the United Church of England and Ireland.

72. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Erection and Endowment of Churches and Chapels and Perpetual Curacies in Ireland.

73. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Ecclesiastical Residences in Ireland.

74. An act to amend an Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, relating to Poor Rate Poundage and the Valuation of Ecclesiastical Property in Ireland; and to provide for the Renewal of Leases of Lands disappropriated from Bishoprics.

75. An act to amend and continue the Metropolitan Sewers Acts.

76. An act to extinguish the Right of the Crown to Deer in the New Forest, and to give Compensation in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes relating to the said Forest.

77. An act to alter and extend the Powers of an Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to form a Royal Park in Battersea Fields in the County of Surrey.

78. An act to continue and amend an Act for establishing an Office for the Benefit of the Coalwhippers of the Port of London.

79. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Regulation of Steam Navigation, and to the Boats and Lights to be carried by Sea-going Vessels.

80. An act for confirming a certain Provisional Order of the General Board of Health for applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the Borough of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk.

81. An act to authorize the Removal from India of Insane Persons charged with Offences, and to give better Effect to Inquisitions of Lunacy taken in India.

82. An act to amplify the Forms of Appointments to certain Offices, and the Manner of passing Grants under the Great Seal.

83. An act to improve the Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery and in the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.

84. An act to alter and amend an Act empowering the Canterbury Association to dispose of certain Lands in New Zealand.

85. An act further to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of King William the Fourth, to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland.

86. An act to regulate the Affairs of certain Settlements established by the New Zealand Company in New Zealand.

87. An act to regulate certain Proceedings in relation to the Elections of Representative Peers for Scotland.

88. An act for amending the several Acts for the Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors.

89. An act to amend the Metropolitan Interment Act, 1850, and to authorize the Advance of Public Money to a limited Amount for the Purposes of the said Act.

90. An act for the better Collection of Fines, Penalties, Issues, Amerciaments, and forfeited Recognizances in Ireland.

91. An act to authorize the Application of Advances (out of Money now authorized to be advanced for the Improvement of Landed Property) to facilitate Emigration from certain distressed Districts of Scotland.

92. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to certain Offences and other Matters as to which Justices of the Peace exercise Summary Jurisdiction in Ireland.

93. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the Proceedings at Petty Sessions, and the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland.

94. An act to define and amend the Mineral Customs of certain Parts of the Hundred of High Peak in the County of Derby, Part of the Possessions of Her Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster; to make Provision for the better Administration of Justice in the Barmote Courts therein; and to improve the Practice and Proceedings of the said Courts.

95. An act for transferring the Duties of paving, lighting, watering, and cleansing Parts of the Crown Estate in the District of the Regent's Park and certain Streets and Places in Westminster from the Commissioners acting under several Acts of Their late Majesties King George the Fourth and King William the Fourth to the Parishes; and for transferring the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners over certain other Places in Westminster to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings; and for other Purposes.

96. An act to amend the Mercantile Marine Act, 1850.

97. An act to amend the Church Building Acts.

98. An act for confirming certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health.

99. An act to amend the Law of Evidence.

100. An act for further improving the Administration of Criminal Justice.

101. An act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and certain other Sums, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

102. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Merchant Seamen's Fund, and to provide for winding up the said Fund, and for the better Management thereof in the meantime.

103. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the General Board of Health.

104. An act to facilitate the Management and Improvement of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England.

105. An act to continue an Act of the Fourteenth Year of Her Majesty for charging the Maintenance of certain poor Persons in Unions in England and Wales upon the Common Fund; and to make certain Amendments in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor.

106. An act for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the Existence of Bribery in the Borough of St Alban.

