Public Acts passed in 1868-9, 32 & 33 Victoria c.1 - c.117
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1869
---

1. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine, and one thousand eight hundred and seventy.

2. An act for repealing the Act of the session of the eighth and ninth years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter one hundred and twenty-two.

3. An act to enable Lord Napier of Magdala to receive the full benefit of the Salary of Member of Council for the Presidency of Bombay, or as holding any other office in India, notwithstanding his being in receipt of an Annuity granted to him under the Act thirty-one and thirty-two Victoria, chapter ninety-one.

4. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

5. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

6. An act to repeal so much of The Regulation of Railways Act, 1868, as relates to the approval by meetings of incorporated railway companies of bills and certificates for conferring further powers on those companies.

7. An act for the confirmation and execution of arrangements made between the Secretary of State in Council of India and the East India Irrigation and Canal Company; and for other purposes connected therewith.

8. An act to apply the sum of seventeen million one hundred thousand pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy.

9. An act to amend "The Salmon Fishery (Ireland) Act, 1863," and the Acts continuing the temporary provisions of the same.

10. An act for authorizing the removal of Prisoners from one Colony to another for the purposes of Punishment.

11. An act for amending the Law relating to the Coasting Trade and Merchant Shipping in British Possessions.

12. An act for Protection of Naval Stores.

13. An act for amending the Law relating to the Militia.

14. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to repeal and alter other Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue.

15. An act to remove doubts as to the qualification of persons holding Civil Service Pensions, or receiving Superannuation Allowances, to sit in Parliament.

16. An act to amend so much of the Act of the session of the sixth and seventh years of the reign of Her present Majesty, chapter thirty-five, as provides that Norfolk Island is to be part of the diocese of Tasmania.

17. An act for the Preservation of Sea Birds.

18. An act to amend the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act.

19. An act for amending the Law relating to Mining Partnerships within the Stannaries of Devon and Cornwall, and to the Court of the Vice-Warden of the Stannaries.

20. An act to remove doubts as to the validity of certain Statutes made by the Convocation of the University of Oxford.

21. An act to amend the Law relating to the Payment of the Expenses of Commissioners of Inquiry into Corrupt Practices at Election of members to serve in Parliament.

22. An act for raising the sum of two million three hundred thousand pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy.

23. An act to extend the Power of Recorders to appoint Deputies in certain cases.

24. An act to repeal certain enactments relating to Newspapers, Pamphlets, and other Publications, and to Printers, Typefounders, and Reading Rooms.

25. An act to amend the Act of the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth years of Victoria, chapter eighty-three, section nine, by extending the age at which orphan and deserted children may be kept out at nurse.

26. An act to extend to Burial Grounds the Provisions of the Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of Her Majesty, chapter twenty-eight, intituled "An act to render more simple and effectual the Titles by which Congregations and Societies for Purposes of Religious Worship or Education in England and Ireland hold Property for such Purposes."

27. An act to amend the Law for licensing Beerhouses, and to make certain alterations with respect to the Sale by retail of Beer, Cider, and Wine.

28. An act to afford facilities for the Establishment and Maintenance of public Parks in Ireland.

29. An act to render valid certain Title Deeds for Inam Lands.

30. An act to legalize certain Marriages celebrated at Park Gate Chapel, and to change the name of the District Chapelry annexed to the chapel of Cowgill.

31. An act to confirm an Order made by the Board of Trade under The Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, relating to Langston, and to amend the forty-fifth section of The Sea Fisheries Act, 1868.

32. An act to provide for the Commutation of Pensions payable to officers and other persons out of the sums voted by Parliament to defray the charges of the army and navy services.

33. An act to provide for the Collection of Judicial Statistics in Scotland.

34. An act to amend the Law concerning the appointment of Deputies by Stipendiary Magistrates.

35. An act to amend "The Prisons (Scotland) Administration Act, 1860."

36. An act to amend the Court of Session Act, 1868, in so far as the exemption of Lighthouse Keepers and their assistants from serving on Juries is thereby abolished.

37. An act to authorize the appointment of District Prothonotaries of the Court of Common Pleas of the county palatine of Lancaster, and to provide for the better despatch of business therein.

38. An act to facilitate the taking Special Bails in Civil Proceedings depending in the Superior Courts of Law at Westminster, and in Proceedings in Error and on Appeal.

39. An act to make provision for the better government and administration of Hospitals and other endowed institutions in Scotland.

40. An act to exempt from rating Sunday and Ragged Schools.

41. An act for amending the Law with respect to the rating of Occupiers for short terms, and the making and collecting of the Poor's Rate.

42. An act to put an end to the Establishment of the Church of Ireland, and to make provision in respect of the Temporalities thereof, and in respect of the Royal College of Maynooth.

43. An act to provide for the payment of Diplomatic Salaries, Allowances, and Pensions.

44. An act to make better provision respecting Greenwich Hospital, and the application of the revenues thereof.

45. An act to amend the Law relating to the Repayment of Loans to Poor Law Unions.

46. An act to abolish the distinction as to priority of payment which now exists between the specialty and simple contract debts of deceased persons.

47. An act to provide for the discharge of the duties heretofore performed by High Constables, and for the abolition of such office, with certain exceptions.

48. An act to amend The Companies Clauses Act, 1863.

49. An act to enable Local Authorities to collect Fines and Fees by means of Stamps.

50. An act to provide for Superannuation Allowances to Medical Officers of poor law unions, and of dispensary districts of such unions, in Ireland.

51. An act to amend the County Courts (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act, 1868, and to give Jurisdiction in certain Maritime Causes.

52. An act for the Amendment of "The Shipping Dues Exemption Act, 1867."

53. An act to amend the Cinque Ports Act.

54. An act to amend the Act of the first and second years of Victoria, chapter fifty-six, intituled "An act for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland."

55. An act to shorten the Term of Residence required as a Qualification for the Municipal Franchise, and to make provision for other purposes.

56. An act to amend the Law relating to Endowed Schools and other Educational Endowments in England, and otherwise to provide for the Advancement of Education.

57. An act to amend the Law relating to the Protection of Seamen's Clothing and Property.

58. An act for amending the Public Schools Act, 1868.

59. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Investments for Savings Banks and Post Office Savings Banks.

60. An act to alter and amend the Acts enabling Her Majesty to grant Pensions to persons having held certain high civil offices.

61. An act to protect the Funds of Trades Unions from Embezzlement and Misappropriation.

62. An act for the Abolition of Imprisonment for Debt, for the punishment of fraudulent debtors, and for other purposes.

63. An act to amend The Metropolitan Poor Act, 1867.

64. An act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other rates and taxes.

65. An act for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the existence of corrupt Practices amongst the Freemen Electors of the city of Dublin.

66. An act to continue and amend an Act to defray the charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

67. An act to provide for Uniformity in the Assessment of Rateable Property in the Metropolis.

68. An act for the further Amendment of the Law of Evidence.

69. An act to provide for the better Liquidation of certain Loans raised under the guarantee of Her Majesty for the service of the colony of Jamaica.

70. An act to consolidate, amend, and make perpetual the Acts for preventing the introduction or spreading of Contagious or Infectious Diseases among Cattle and other Animals in Great Britain.

71. An act to consolidate and amend the Law of Bankruptcy.

72. An act to amend "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863," and to afford further facilities for the purposes thereof.

73. An act to alter and amend "The Telegraph Act, 1868."

74. An act to extend the period for the Repayment of Advances of Public Money for the construction of certain Public Works in Ireland, and also to incorporate the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland for certain purposes, and to vest in the said Commissioners lands and premises held on public trusts.

75. An act to regulate and extend the jurisdiction of Her Majesty's Consul at Zanzibar in regard to vessels captured on suspicion of being engaged in the Slave Trade, and for other purposes relating thereto.

76. An act for providing the final sum necessary to be raised by loan towards carrying on the works now in course of construction for the protection of the Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Harbours of Dover and Portland, and for authorizing the abandonment of that portion of the works already sanctioned by Parliament which has not been yet commenced.

77. An act for making better provision for the erection of a Lighthouse on the Great Basses Rock in the Colony of Ceylon, and for other purposes connected therewith.

78. An act to amend the Law relating to Criminal Lunatics.

79. An act to enable Corporate and other Public Bodies in Ireland to grant Superannuation Allowances to Officers in their Service in certain cases.

80. An act to amend "The Militia (Ireland) Act, 1854," as to providing houses or places for the keeping of the arms, accoutrements, clothing, or other stores of the Militia when not embodied.

81. An act to amend the Volunteer Act, 1863.

82. An act to amend the Metropolitan Building Act, 1855.

83. An act to provide for the winding-up of the business of the late Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England, and to repeal Enactments relating to Insolvency, Bankruptcy, Imprisonment for Debt, and matters connected therewith.

84. An act to abolish the office of Cursitor of the Court of Chancery in the palatine of Durham.

85. An act to continue various expiring Laws.

86. An act to amend the Law relating to the Presentation of Accounts, Statements, Returns, and Documents to Parliament.

87. An act to provide for the prevention of Gaming in public places in Scotland.

88. An act for the separation of the Straits Settlements from the Diocese of Calcutta.

89. An act to amend the Law relating to the office of Clerk of Assize and offices united thereto, and to certain Fees upon orders for payment of witnesses in criminal proceedings.

90. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts, and to make further Provisions concerning Turnpike Roads.

91. An act for amending the Law relating to the Salaries, Expenses, and Funds of Courts of Law in England.

92. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Fisheries of Ireland.

93. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

94. An act to amend the New Parishes Acts and Church Building Acts.

95. An act to enable Military Offenders to be confined in Millbank Prison.

96. An act to amend the Contagious Diseases Act, 1866.

97. An act to amend in certain respects the Act for the better Government of India.

98. An act to define the powers of the Governor General of India in Council at meetings for making laws and regulations for certain purposes.

99. An act for the more effectual Prevention of Crime.

100. An act to facilitate the borrowing money in certain cases for the purpose of The Sanitary Act, 1866, and the Acts amending the same; and for other purposes.

101. An act for authorizing a guarantee of a loan to be raised by Canada for a payment in respect of the transfer of Ruperts Land.

102. An act for making further provision respecting the borrowing of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works, and for other purposes connected therewith.

103. An act to amend the Law relating to the Warehousing of Wines and Spirits in Customs and Excise Warehouses, and for other purposes relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

104. An act for facilitating the Payment of Dividends on the Public Stocks, and for making regulations with respect thereto.

105. An act for empowering the Public Works Loan Commissioners to advance a sum not exceeding two hundred and fifty thousand pounds for the improvement of the harbour of Galle in the colony of Ceylon.

106. An act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India.

107. An act to amend The Metropolitan Commons Act, 1866.

108. An act to amend "The Sanitary Act, 1866," so far as the same relates to Ireland.

109. An act for repealing part of an Act of the first year of the reign of their Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled "An act to vest in the two Universities the presentations of benefices belonging to Papists," and for securing uniformity in the law relating to the residence of spiritual persons upon their benefices, and to the penalties and forfeitures consequent on non-residence.

110. An act for amending the Charitable Trusts Acts.

111. An act for the relief of Archbishops and Bishops when incapacitated by infirmity.

112. An act to prevent the Adulteration of Seeds.

113. An act to prohibit for a limited period the importation, and to restrict and regulate the carriage, of Nitro Glycerine.

114. An act to amend the Law relating to the Abandonment of Railways and the Dissolution of Railway Companies.

115. An act for amending the Law relating to Hackney and Stage Carriages within the Metropolitan Police District.

116. An act to amend "The Titles to Land Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1868."

117. An act to amend "The Pharmacy Act, 1868."

