Public Acts passed in 1870, 33 & 34 Victoria c.1 - c.112
From Public General Statutes, 1870
---

1. An act to empower Committees on Bills confirming Provisional Orders to award Costs and examine Witnesses on Oath.

2. An act to make provision for the proceedings of Boards of Management and Boards of Guardians upon the dissolution of Districts and Unions or the annexation of Parishes to Unions.

3. An act to make better provision for making laws and regulations for certain parts of India, and for certain other purposes relating thereto.

4. An act to make provision for the assessment of Income Tax, and to amend the law relating to Inland Revenue.

5. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and sixty-nine, one thousand eight hundred and seventy, and one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, and preceding years.

6. An act to extend the Jurisdiction of the Judges of the Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster.

7. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

8. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

9. An act to amend "The Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1856," and for other purposes relating to the Preservation of Peace in Ireland.

10. An act to consolidate and amend the law relating to the Coinage and Her Majesty's Mint.

11. An act to enable the officers employed in the Collector-General of Rates' office in the city of Dublin to vote at Parliamentary Elections for that city.

12. An act to repeal certain Duties of Customs in the Isle of Man.

13. An act to amend the Law relating to the Surveys of Great Britain, Ireland, and the Isle of Man.

14. An act to amend the Law relating to the legal condition of Aliens and British Subjects.

15. An act to transfer to the Commissioners of Her Majesty’s Works and Public Buildings the property in and control over the buildings and property of the County Courts in England, and for other purposes relating thereto.

16. An act to define the boundary between the counties of Inverness and Elgin or Moray, in the district of Strathspey; and for other purposes.

17. An act for making further provision relating to the Management of certain Departments of the War Office.

18. An act to provide for the equal distribution over the Metropolis of a further portion of the charge for the Relief of the Poor.

19. An act to amend "The Railway Companies Powers Act, 1864," and "The Railway Construction Facilities Act, 1864."

20. An act to amend "The Mortgage Debenture Act, 1865."

21. An act to disfranchise the Boroughs of Bridgwater and Beverley.

22. An act to confirm a certain Provisional Order made under an Act of the fifteenth year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate arrangements for the relief of Turnpike Trusts.

23. An act to abolish Forfeitures for Treason and Felony, and to otherwise amend the Law relating thereto.

24. An act for making further provision respecting the borrowing of money by the Metropolitan Board of Works.

25. An act to disfranchise certain Voters of the City of Norwich.

26. An act to regulate the Sale of Poisons in Ireland.

27. An act for the Protection of Inventions exhibited at International Exhibitions in the United Kingdom.

28. An act to amend the law relating to the Remuneration of Attorneys and Solicitors.

29. An act to amend and continue "The Wine and Beer-house Act, 1869."

30. An act to abolish Attachment of Wages.

31. An act to apply the sum of nine million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one.

32. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to repeal and alter other Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue.

33. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Export of unseasonable Salmon.

34. An act to amend the Law as to the Investment on Real Securities of Trust Funds held for public and charitable purposes.

35. An act for the better Apportionment of Rents and other periodical Payments.

36. An act to amend "The Cattle Disease Act (Ireland), 1866."

37. An act to enable the senior Magistrate of populous Places in Scotland to act ex officio as a Justice of the Peace and Commissioner of Supply for the County in which the said populous Place is situated.

38. An act to disfranchise the Boroughs of Sligo and Cashel.

39. An act to facilitate transfers of Ecclesiastical Patronage in certain cases.

40. An act for authorizing a guarantee of a loan to be raised by the Government of New Zealand for the construction of roads, bridges, and communications in that country, and for the introduction of settlers into that country.

41. An act for raising the sum of one million three hundred thousand pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one.

42. An act to empower magistrates and town councils of burghs in Scotland to abolish petty customs and to levy a rate in lieu thereof.

43. An act to alter certain Duties of Customs upon Refined Sugar in the Isle of Man.

44. An act to declare the Stamp Duty chargeable on certain Leases.

45. An act for establishing a District Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty in England at Liverpool.

46. An act to amend the Law relating to the Occupation and Ownership of Land in Ireland.

47. An act for extending to Ireland and amending "The Dividends and Stock Act, 1869."

48. An act for removing doubts respecting the payment of Expenses incurred in the Conveyance of Paupers in certain cases not expressly provided for by law.

49. An act to explain and amend "the Evidence Further Amendment Act, 1869."

50. An act to amend "The Shipping Dues Exemption Act, 1867."

51. An act to repeal an Act intituled "An act to alter the mode of giving Notices for the holding of Vestries, of making Proclamation in cases of Outlawry, and of giving Notices on Sundays in respect to various matters," so far as such Act relates to the Isle of Man.

52. An act for amending the Law relating to the Extradition of Criminals.

53. An act to amend certain provisions in the Sanitary and Sewage Utilization Acts.

54. An act to disfranchise certain Voters of the City of Dublin.

55. An act to vest Jurisdiction in matters arising within the Dominions of the Kings of Siam in the Supreme Court of the Straits Settlements.

56. An act to enable the owners of Settled Estates in England and Ireland to charge such estates, within certain limits, with the expense of building mansions as residences for themselves.

57. An act to grant a Duty of Excise on Licences to use Guns.

58. An act to further amend the Law relating to indictable offences by Forgery.

59. An act to render valid certain Contracts informally executed in India.

60. An act to relieve the Brokers of the City of London from the supervision of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City.

61. An act to amend the Law relating to Life Assurance Companies.

62. An act to amend and extend the Acts relating to Factories and Workshops.

63. An act to limit Wages Arrestment in Scotland.

64. An act to amend the Petty Sessions Clerk (Ireland) Act, 1858.

65. An act to amend the Law relating to Advertisements respecting Stolen Goods.

66. An act to make further provision for the Government of British Columbia.

67. An act to shorten the time of Active Service in the Army, and to amend in certain respects the Law of Enlistment.

68. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom.

69. An act for further promoting the revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain enactments that have ceased to be in force or are consolidated by certain Acts of the present Session.

70. An act to facilitate in certain cases the obtaining of powers for the construction of Gas and Water Works and for the supply of Gas and Water.

71. An act for consolidating, with Amendments, certain Enactments relating to the National Debt.

72. An act for granting Certificates to Pedlars.

73. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts, and to make further Provisions concerning Turnpike Roads.

74. An act to confirm the Award under "The Curragh of Kildare Act, 1868," and for other purposes relating thereto.

75. An act to provide for public Elementary Education in England and Wales.

76. An act to facilitate the Arrest of Absconding Debtors.

77. An act to amend the Laws relating to the qualifications, summoning, attendance, and remuneration of Special and Common Juries.

78. An act to facilitate the construction and to regulate the working of Tramways.

79. An act for further regulation of Duties of Postage, and for other purposes relating to the Post Office.

80. An act for taking the Census of Ireland.

81. An act to amend the Acts of the thirty-seventh year of King George the Third, chapter one hundred and twenty-seven, and the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of King George the Third, chapter fourteen.

82. An act to authorise the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to guarantee the payment of a loan to be raised by the Government of Canada for the construction of fortifications in that country.

83. An act to make better provision for the Police Force in the City of Londonderry, and to amend the Acts relating to the Royal Irish Constabulary Force.

84. An act to amend the Public Schools Act, 1868.

85. An act to declare the Hundred in which a Piece of Land in the County of Norfolk is situate, and to provide for the Assessment of the said Piece of Land to the County Rate.

86. An act to amend and extend the Act sixteenth and seventeenth Victoria, chapter ninety-two, to make further provision for uniting counties in Scotland in so far as regards the jurisdiction of the Sheriff; and also to make certain provisions regarding the duties of Sheriffs and Sheriffs Substitute in Scotland.

87. An act to amend the Act twenty-third and twenty-fourth Victoria, chapter fifty, intituled "An act to abolish the Annuity Tax in Edinburgh and Montrose, and to make provision in regard to the Stipends of the Ministers in that City and Burgh, and also to make provision for the Patronage of the Church of North Leith;" and to make provision for the abolition of the Annuity Tax within the Parish of Canongate, and for the payment of the Minister of said Parish.

88. An act to extend the Telegraph Acts of 1868, 1869, to the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man.

89. An act to enable the Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty to provide Superannuation Allowances for their Officers.

90. An act to regulate the conduct of Her Majesty’s subjects during the existence of hostilities between foreign states with which Her Majesty is at peace.

91. An act for the relief of persons admitted to the office of Priest or Deacon in the Church of England.

92. An act to amend the Laws for the Election of the Magistrates and Councillors of Royal and Parliamentary Burghs in Scotland.

93. An act to amend the Law relating to the Property of Married Women.

94. An act to provide for Superannuation Allowances to Medical Officers of Unions, Districts, and Parishes in England and Wales.

95. An act to authorise the carriage of Naval and Military Stores in Passenger Ships.

96. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-one, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

97. An act for granting certain Stamp Duties in lieu of Duties of the same kind now payable under various Acts, and consolidating and amending provisions relating thereto.

98. An act for consolidating and amending the Law relating to the Management of Stamp Duties.

99. An act for the repeal of certain Enactments relating to the Inland Revenue.

100. An act to amend the Law relating to the repayment to the Consolidated Fund of money expended for the benefit of Greenwich Hospital.

101. An act for amending the Sixth Section of the Pensions Commutation Act, 1869.

102. An act to amend the Law relating to the taking of Oaths of Allegiance on Naturalization.

103. An act to continue various expiring Laws.

104. An act to facilitate compromises and arrangements between creditors and shareholders of Joint Stock and other Companies in Liquidation.

105. An act for appointing a Commission to inquire into the alleged prevalence of the Truck System, and the disregard of the Acts of Parliament prohibiting such system, and for giving such Commission the powers necessary for conducting such Inquiry.

106. An act to amend the Sanitary Act, 1866, so far as relates to the City of Dublin.

107. An act for taking the Census of England.

108. An act for taking the Census in Scotland.

109. An act to abolish certain Real Actions in the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland, and further to amend the Procedure in the said Courts ; and for other purposes.

110. An act to provide for the administration of the Law relating to Matrimonial Causes and Matters, and to amend the Law relating to Marriages, in Ireland.

111. An act to make provision in relation to certain Beerhouses not duly qualified according to Law.

112. An act to amend the Act of the first and second years of the reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, chapter thirty-three, in part, and to afford facilities for obtaining Loans for the erection, enlargement, and improvement of Glebe Houses, and for the acquirement of lands for Glebes, in Ireland.

