Public Acts passed in 1874, 37 & 38 Victoria c.1 - c.96
From Public General Statutes, 1873
---

1. An act to apply the sum of one million four hundred and twenty-two thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven pounds fourteen shillings and sixpence out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-three and one thousand eight hundred and seventy-four.

2. An act to apply the sum of seven million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five.

3. An act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India.

4. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

5. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

6. An act to amend the Acts relating to Cattle Disease in Ireland.

7. An act to amend the Law respecting the payment of the Assistant Judge of the Court of the Sessions of the Peace for the county of Middlesex, and his deputy, and the Chairman of the Second Court at such Sessions.

8. An act to make provision for the taking of Harbour Dues in the Isle of Man.

9. An act to authorise an Advance out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom to the Public Works Loan Commissioners, for enabling them to make Loans to School Boards in pursuance of the Elementary Education Act, 1873.

10. An act to apply the sum of thirteen million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five.

11. An act for altering the shooting season for Grouse and certain other Game Birds in Ireland.

12. An act to make provision for the transfer of the assets and liabilities of the Bengal and Madras Civil Service Annuity Funds, and the Annuity Branch of the Bombay Civil Fund, to the Secretary of State for India in Council.

13. An act to extend to the present Bishop of Calcutta the Regulations made by Her Majesty as to the leave of absence of Indian Bishops.

14. An act to render valid Marriages heretofore solemnized in the Chapel of Ease called "Saint Pauls Church at Pooley Bridge," in the parish of Barton in the county of Westmorland.

15. An act to amend the Act of sixteenth and seventeenth Victoria, chapter one hundred and nineteen, intituled "An act for the Suppression of Betting Houses."

16. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to repeal and alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

17. An act to render valid Marriages heretofore solemnized in the Chapel of Ease called Saint John the Evangelist, at Bentley, in the parish of Shustock in the county of Warwick.

18. An act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other rates and taxes.

19. An act to amend "The Stamp Act, 1870" in regard to the Stamp Duty payable by Advocates in Scotland on admission as Barristers in England or Ireland, and by Barristers in England or Ireland on admission as Advocates in Scotland.

20. An act to provide for the Exemption of Churches and Chapels in Scotland from Local Rates and Assessment.

21. An act for the discontinuance of the Four Courts Marshalsea (Dublin), and the removal of Prisoners therefrom.

22. An act to relieve Revenue Officers from remaining Electoral Disabilities.

23. An act to amend the Acts regulating the Salaries of Resident Magistrates in Ireland and the Salaries of the Chief Commissioner and Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Police District of Dublin Metropolis.

24. An act to empower the Public Works Loan Commissioners to advance a sum of money, by way of loan, for the improvement of the Harbour of Colombo in the colony of Ceylon.

25. An act to remove the Restrictions contained in the British White Herring Fishery Acts in regard to the use of Fir Wood for Herring Barrels.

26. An act to make provision respecting the Stamp Duty on Transfers of Stock of the Government of Canada.

27. An act to regulate the Sentences imposed by Colonial Courts where jurisdiction to try is conferred by Imperial Acts.

28. An act to further amend the Law relating to Juries in Ireland.

29. An act to amend the Law relating to the Militia.

30. An act to transfer parts of the Holyhead Old Harbour Road from the Board of Trade to the Local Board of Health of the town of Holyhead; and for other purposes.

31. An act to amend the Conjugal Rights (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1861.

32. An act to amend "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863."

33. An act to extend the Powers of the Leases and Sales of Settled Estates Act.

34. An act to amend the Act of the fifty-fifth year of King George the Third, chapter one hundred and ninety-four, intituled "An act for better regulating the Practice of Apothecaries in England and Wales."

35. An act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

36. An act to render Personation, with intent to deprive any Person of Real Estate or other property, Felony.

37. An act to alter and amend the Law as to Appointments under powers not exclusive.

38. An act to extend the Jurisdiction of Courts of the Colony of the Straits Settlements to certain Crimes and Offences committed out of the Colony.

39. An act to provide for the exception of the Borough of Wenlock from the category of boroughs under the "Elementary Education Act, 1870."

40. An act to amend the powers of the Board of Trade with respect to inquiries, arbitrations, appointments, and other matters under special Acts, and to amend the Regulation of Railways Act, 1873, so far as regards the reference of differences to the Railway Commissioners in lieu of Arbitrators.

41. An act to amend "The Colonial Attornies Relief Act."

42. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Building Societies.

43. An act to amend the Alkali Act, 1863.

44. An act to make better provision for improving the health of women, young persons, and children employed in manufactures, and the education of such children, and otherwise to amend the Factory Acts.

45. An act for altering the Boundaries between the Liberty of St. Alban and the rest of the County of Hertford; and for making better provision for the Transaction of County Business, and the Administration of Justice at Quartet Sessions in that County.

46. An act to consolidate and amend the Duties of Customs in the Isle of Man.

47. An act to extend the Powers of Prison Authorities in relation to Industrial and Reformatory Schools, and for other purposes relating thereto.

48. An act to provide for the payment of Wages without Stoppages in the Hosiery Manufacture.

49. An act to amend the Laws relating to the sale and consumption of Intoxicating Liquors.

50. An act to amend the Married Womens Property Act (1870).

51. An act to amend the Law respecting the Proving and Sale of Chain Cables and Anchors.

52. An act to make regulations for preventing Collisions in the Sea Channels leading to the River Mersey.

53. An act to amend the Law relating to the Payment of Revising Barristers.

54. An act to amend the Law respecting the Liability and Valuation of certain Property for the purpose of Rates.

55. An act for dissolving Magdalen Hall, in the University of Oxford, and for incorporating the Principal, Fellows, and Scholars of Hertford College; and for vesting in such College the lands and other property now held in trust for the benefit of Magdalen Hall.

56. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

57. An act for the further Limitation of Actions and Suits relating to Real Property.

58. An act to make further provision respecting the contribution out of moneys provided by Parliament towards the expenses of the Police Force in the Metropolitan Police District, and elsewhere in Great Britain.

59. An act to facilitate the erection of Dwellings for Working Men on land belonging to Municipal Corporations.

60. An act to amend and enlarge the powers of the Acts relating to the Navigation of the River Shannon; and for other purposes relating thereto.

61. An act for granting Compensation to Officers of the Royal (late Indian) Ordnance Corps.

62. An act to amend the Law as to the Contracts of Infants.

63. An act to facilitate the re-arrangement of the Boundaries of Archdeaconries and Rural Deaneries.

64. An act to further alter and amend the Law of Evidence in Scotland, and to provide for the recording, by means of Short-hand Writing, of Evidence in Civil Causes in Sheriff Courts in Scotland.

65. An act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Support and Maintenance of His Royal Highness Prince Leopold George Duncan Albert on his coming of age.

66. An act to enlarge the Jurisdiction of the Civil Bill Courts in Ireland in respect to the recovery of Balances due on partnership Accounts, and in respect of Actions involving Questions of Title to corporeal and incorporeal Hereditaments.

67. An act to regulate and otherwise deal with Slaughterhouses and certain other Businesses in the Metropolis.

68. An act to amend the Law relating to Attorneys and Solicitors.

69. An act to amend the Laws relating to the sale and consumption of Intoxicating Liquors in Ireland.

70. An act to amend the Law relating to the Valuation of Rateable Property in Ireland.

71. An act to authorise "The Lough Corrib Navigation Trustees" to dispose of part of the Navigation in the district of Loughs Corrib, Mask, and Curra.

72. An act to explain and amend the Fines Act (Ireland), 1851, and for other purposes relating thereto.

73. An act to amend the Law relating to the Payment to and Repayment by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Moneys received in and to the accounts relating to the Post Office Savings Bank.

74. An act to amend the Law respecting certain Receipts and Expenses connected with Private Lunatic Asylums in Ireland.

75. An act to explain the Vaccination Act, 1871.

76. An act to continue various expiring Laws.

77. An act respecting Colonial and certain other Clergy.

78. An act to amend the Law of Vendor and Purchaser, and further to simplify Title to Land.

79. An act for the better management and regulation of Foyle College in the city of Londonderry, and for vesting in the governing body of such College the present school-house and premises belonging to such College, and for vesting the right of appointment of head-master of such College in the Bishop of Derry and Raphoe and the Governor of the Honourable the Irish Society.

80. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Royal Irish Constabulary.

81. An act to provide for the abolition of certain offices connected with the Great Seal, and to make better provision respecting the office of the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery.

82. An act to alter and amend the laws relating to the Appointment of Ministers to Parishes in Scotland.

83. An act for delaying the coming into operation of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1873.

84. An act to regulate the Incorporation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, and for other purposes relating thereto.

85. An act for the better administration of the Laws respecting the regulation of Public Worship.

86. An act to amend the Law relating to the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund.

87. An act to amend the Endowed Schools Acts.

88. An act to amend the Law relating to the Registration of Births and Deaths in England, and to consolidate the Law respecting the Registration of Births and Deaths at Sea.

89. An act to amend and extend the Sanitary Laws.

90. An act to declare the Validity of Orders of the Education Department with respect to United School Districts, and to make better Provision with respect to such Orders.

91. An act to amend the Law relating to the Council of the Governor-General of India.

92. An act to provide for the Transfer to the Admiralty and the Secretary of State for the War Department of Alderney Harbour and certain Lands near it.

93. An act to amend the Law relating to Public Health in Ireland.

94. An act to amend the Law relating to Land Rights and Conveyancing, and to facilitate the Transfer of Land, in Scotland.

95. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith.

96. An act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

