Public Acts passed in 1876, 39 & 40 Victoria c.1 - c.81
From Public General Statutes, 1876
---

1. An act to raise the sum of Four million and eighty thousand pounds by Exchequer Bonds.

2. An act to apply the sum of Four million and eighty thousand pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six.

3. An act to extend the Time for the Epping Forest Commissioners to make their Final Report.

4. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-five, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six, and one thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven.

5. An act for enabling a further Sum to be raised for the purposes of the Telegraph Acts, 1868 to 1870.

6. An act to amend the Law relating to the Stamping of Policies of Sea Insurance.

7. An act to amend the Law relating to certain Appointments to the Council of India.

8. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

9. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

10. An act to enable Her most Gracious Majesty to make an addition to the Royal Style and Titles appertaining to the Imperial Crown of the United Kingdom and its Dependencies.

11. An act to amend the Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-four, relating to the Formation of quoad sacra Parishes in Scotland.

12. An act to assimilate the Law of Scotland to that of England respecting the creation of Burgesses.

13. An act to prevent the Administration of Poisonous Drugs to Horses and other Animals.

14. An act to extend the provisions of the Exchequer and Audit Departments Act, 1866, to the Accounts of the Commissioners for the Government of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea.

15. An act to apply the sum of Eleven million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven.

16. An act to grant and alter certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

17. An act to amend the Partition Act, 1868.

18. An act to incorporate the Solicitor for the affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, and make further provision respecting the grant of the administration of the Estates of deceased persons for the use of Her Majesty.

19. An act to amend the Law relating to Salmon Fisheries in England and Wales.

20. An act to facilitate the Revision of the Statute Law by substituting in certain Acts, incorporating Enactments which have been otherwise repealed, a reference to recent Enactments still in force.

21. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Qualification of Jurors in Ireland.

22. An act to amend the Trade Union Act, 1871.

23. An act to amend the Prevention of Crimes Act, 1871.

24. An act for the Relief of the Executors of Testates in Scotland where the Personal Estate is of small Value.

25. An act to amend the Law in Scotland in regard to the division of Burghs into Wards.

26. An act to assimilate the Law of Scotland relating to the granting of Licenses to sell intoxicating Liquors to the Law of England.

27. An act to authorise the Reduction of Local Light Dues.

28. An act to amend the Court of Admiralty (Ireland) Act, 1867, and confer a more extended Admiralty Jurisdiction on the Recorders of Cork and Belfast.

29. An act for the Preservation of Wild Fowl.

30. An act to amend the Settled Estates Act of 1856.

31. An act to grant Money for the purpose of Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners, and to amend the Public Works Loans Act, 1875.

32. An act to amend the Friendly Societies Act, 1875.

33. An act for the Amendment of the Trade Marks Registration Act, 1875.

34. An act to amend the Law relating to Elver Fishing.

35. An act for consolidating the Duties of Customs.

36. An act to consolidate the Customs Laws.

37. An act to assimilate the Law in Ireland to the Law in England as to quieting Possessions and Titles against the Crown.

38. An act to extend the Limits of Age up to which, with the assent of Boards of Guardians, orphan and deserted pauper Children may be supported out of Workhouses in Ireland.

39. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith.

40. An act for enabling legally qualified Medical Practitioners to hold certain public Medical Appointments, and for amending the Medical Act.

41. An act to remove Restrictions on the granting of Qualifications for Registration under the Medical Act on the ground of Sex.

42. An act to amend the Law respecting certain Returns from Convict Prisons.

43. An act to make provision respecting the Superannuation Allowances or Pensions of Persons employed in the Service of Her Majesty in the Government of the Isle of Man.

44. An act to amend the Law relating to Legal Practitioners in Ireland.

45. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Industrial and Provident Societies.

46. An act for more effectually punishing Offences against the Laws relating to the Slave Trade.

47. An act to make provision for the Government of the Islands of Saint Vincent, Tobago, and Grenada, and their Dependencies.

48. An act to amend the Law with reference to Bankers' Books Evidence.

49. An act to make provision for lighting Burghs in Scotland with Gas.

50. An act to amend the Law for the Relief of the Poor in Ireland in respect to rating and chargeability on Poor Law Unions.

51. An act to amend the Acts relating to Cattle Disease in Ireland.

52. An act to amend the Law respecting the Powers and Duties vested in the Barrister appointed to certify the Rules of Savings Banks.

53. An act to make further provision respecting the Superannuation Allowance to be granted to Civil Servants serving in unhealthy Climates.

54. An act to provide for the Foundation of a new Bishopric out of a part of the diocese of Exeter.

55. An act for further amending the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes relating thereto.

56. An act for facilitating the regulation and improvement of Commons, and for amending the Acts relating to the Inclosure of Commons.

57. An act to amend the Law respecting the holding of Winter Assizes.

58. An act to amend the Law relating to Parochial Records.

59. An act for amending the Law in respect of the Appellate Jurisdiction of the House of Lords; and for other purposes.

60. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

61. An act to provide for the better arrangement of divided Parishes and other local areas, and to make sundry amendments in the Law relating to the Relief of the Poor in England.

62. An act to make provision for the Disposal of certain Lands appropriated for the supply of materials for the repair of public and private roads.

63. An act to render necessary in Ireland a Year's Notice to Quit to determine a Tenancy from Year to Year, and otherwise to amend the Law as to Notices to Quit.

64. An act to continue for one year the Police (Expenses) Act, 1875.

65. An act to amend the Tramways (Ireland) Act, 1860, and the Tramways (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1861, as regards the application of the same to the county and the county of the city of Dublin.

66. An act to amend the Law relating to Legal Practitioners.

67. An act for making provision respecting Shares in the Capital of the Universal Company of the Maritime Canal of Suez, acquired on behalf of the Crown.

68. An act to amend the Law for the payment of Remuneration and theGrant of Superannuation Allowances and Gratuities to certain persons employed under Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department and Her Majesty's Postmaster General.

69. An act to continue various expiring Laws.

70. An act to alter and amend the Law relating to the Administration of Justice in Civil Causes in the ordinary Sheriff Courts in Scotland, and for other purposes relating thereto.

71. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Jurisdiction of Chairmen of Quarter Sessions in Ireland.

72. An act to suspend for a limited period the holding of an Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Norwich, and to disfranchise certain voters for the said City, and also certain voters for the borough of Boston.

73. An act to amend the Pensions Commutation Act, 1871.

74. An act for amending so much of the Agricultural Holdings (England) Act, 1875, as relates to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy.

75. An act for making further Provision for the Prevention of the Pollution of Rivers.

76. An act to extend the privileges of Municipal Corporations in Ireland.

77. An act to amend the Law relating to Cruelty to Animals.

78. An act to amend the Procedure connected with Trial by Jury in Ireland.

79. An act to make further provision for Elementary Education.

80. An act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts.

81. An act for amending the Law relating to Crossed Cheques.

