Public Acts passed in 1878, 41 & 42 Victoria c.1 - c.79.
From Public General Statutes, 1878.
---

1. An act to apply the sum of Six million pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight.

2. An act to raise the sum of Six million pounds by Exchequer Bonds, Exchequer Bills, or Treasury Bills.

3. An act to relieve certain Occupiers of Dwelling-houses from being disqualified from the right of voting in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament by reason of their under-letting such Dwelling-houses for short terms.

4. An act to extend the hours of Polling at Parliamentary Elections in the Metropolis.

5. An act to relieve certain Occupiers of Dwelling-houses in Scotland from being disqualified from the right of voting in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament by reason of their under-letting such Dwelling-houses for short terms.

6. An act to amend the Glebe Loan (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1875.

7. An act to raise the sum of One million Pounds by Exchequer Bonds, for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight.

8. An act to enable Local Authorities to acquire and lay out land for Public Parks and Pleasure Grounds in Scotland.

9. An act to apply certain Sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-seven, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight, and one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine.

10. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

11. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

12. An act for the prevention of Accidents by Threshing Machines.

13. An act to declare the law relating to the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange.

14. An act to amend the Law relating to Public Baths and Wash-houses.

15. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

16. An act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Factories and Workshops.

17. An act to amend the Adulteration of Seeds Act, 1869.

18. An act to grant Money for the purpose of Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners and by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and to authorise the former Commissioners to compound and cancel certain loans and interest, and to amend the Public Works Loans Act. 1875.

19. An act to amend the Matrimonial Causes Acts.

20. An act to provide for returns respecting Continuous Brakes in use on Passenger Trains on Railways.

21. An act to apply the sum of Seven million five hundred thousand pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine.

22. An act to raise the sum of One million five hundred thousand pounds by Exchequer Bonds, for the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine.

23. An act to remove doubts concerning the due Acknowledgment of Deeds by Married Women in Ireland in certain cases.

24. An act to amend the Public Works Loans (Ireland) Act, 1877, so far as relates to Lunatic Asylums.

25. An act to amend the Public Health Act, 1875, so far as relates to the supply of Water.

26. An act to amend the Law relating to the Registration of Voters in Parliamentary Boroughs and the Enrolment of Burgesses in Municipal Boroughs, and relating to certain rights of voting and proceedings before and appeals from Revising Barristers.

27. An act to amend the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877.

28. An act to further amend the Law of Entail in Scotland.

29. An act for conferring powers upon the Metropolitan Board of Works with respect to the Obelisk known as Cleopatra's Needle, and other Monuments.

30. An act to alter the time of electing Commissioners under the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862.

31. An act to consolidate and amend the Law for preventing Frauds upon Creditors by secret Bills of Sale of Personal Chattels.

32. An act to amend the Metropolis Management Act, 1855, the Metropolitan Building Act, 1855, and the Acts amending the same respectively.

33. An act to amend the Law relating to Dental Practitioners.

34. An act to amend the Law relating to Highways in South Wales.

35. An act to extend for a further limited period section thirty-four of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1875.

36. An act to continue for one year the Police (Expenses) Act, 1875.

37. An act to further amend the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes relating thereto.

38. An act for the further relief of Innkeepers.

39. An act for the Protection of Freshwater Fish.

40. An act to remove doubts with respect to the application to Scotland of the Prisons Authorities Act, 1874.

41. An act to enable Returning Officers at Parliamentary Elections in Scotland to require Security for their Expenses; and otherwise to amend the Law of Scotland relating to such Expenses.

42. An act to amend and further extend' the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales.

43. An act to encourage Regular Marriages in Scotland.

44. An act to make provision for the foundation of a Dean and Chapter for the Bishopric of Truro, and for the transfer to the Cathedral Church of Truro of one of the Canonries in the Cathedral Church of Exeter; and for other purposes connected therewith.

45. An act to apply the sum of Fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine.

46. An act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Establishment of His Royal Highness the Duke of Connaught and of Stratheam and Her Royal Highness Princess Louise Margaret Alexandra Victoria Agnes of Prussia, and to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness.

47. An act to enable the Trustees of the Elders Widows' Fund to apply the Capital of the said Fund in aid of Income; and for other purposes in relation thereto.

48. An act to amend the Law relating to Endowed Schools and Hospitals and other Endowed Institutions in Scotland; and for other purposes.

49. An act to consolidate the Law relating to Weights and Measures.

50. An act to amend the County of Hertford and Liberty of St. Alban Act, 1874.

51. An act to alter and amend the Law in regard to the Maintenance and Management of Roads and Bridges in Scotland.

52. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to Public Health in Ireland.

53. An act to facilitate improvements in the Organisation of the Admiralty and War Office by the retirement of Clerks from certain of the Civil Departments thereof.

54. An act to amend the Debtors Act, 1869, and the Debtors Act (Ireland), 1872.

55. An act to enable the Trustees of the British Museum to remove portions of their Collections.

56. An act to amend the Law respecting the expense of regulating Commons.

57. An act for the Revision of the Statute Law of Ireland.

58. An act for further regulating the use of Locomotives on Highways in Scotland.

59. An act to amend the Law relating to the Drainage and Improvement of Land in Ireland.

60. An act to make better provision for Idiots, Imbeciles, and other afflicted persons in Ireland.

61. An act to remove doubts as to the validity of certain Marriages solemnized in the Islands of Fiji prior to their erection into a British Colony.

62. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith.

63. An act to amend the Prison Acts of 1877, so far as regards the Apportionment of certain Superannuation Allowances between the Treasury and the Local Authorities.

64. An act to raise the sum of two million pounds by Exchequer Bonds, Exchequer Bills, or Treasury Bills for the service of the year ending on the 31st day of March 1879.

65. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and seventy-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

66. An act to promote Intermediate Education in Ireland.

67. An act for extending and amending the Foreign Jurisdiction Acts.

68. An act to provide for the foundation of four new Bishoprics in England.

69. An act to amend the Law regulating the Office of Clerk of Petty Sessions, and the Law relating to Fines, in Ireland ; and for other purposes.

70. An act to continue various expiring Laws.

71. An act to extend to Metropolitan Commons certain provisions of the Commons Act, 1876.

72. An act to prohibit the sale of Intoxicating Liquors on Sunday in Ireland.

73. An act to regulate the Law relating to the Trial of Offences committed on the Sea within a certain distance of the Coasts of Her Majesty's Dominions.

74. An act for making better provision respecting Contagious and Infectious Diseases of Cattle and other Animals; and for other purposes.

75. An act to amend the Law in respect to the Polling District of Arranmore (Ireland).

76. An act to make further provision respecting the Post Office Telegraphs.

77. An act to amend the Law relating to Highways in England and the Acts relating to Locomotives on Roads; and for other purposes.

78. An act to further amend the provisions of the Law of Scotland on the subject of Education, and for other purposes connected therewith.

79. An act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing certain Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

