Public Acts passed in 1882, 45 & 46 Victoria c.1 - c.82.
From Public General Statutes, 1882.
---

1. An act to apply the sum of Three hundred and thirteen thousand two hundred and seventy pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two.

2. An act to authorise the use of Reply Post Cards.

3. An act to amend the Law relating to the use of Gunpowder in Slate Mines.

4. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-one, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two, and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three.

5. An act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Establishment of His Royal Highness the Duke of Albany and Her Serene Highness Princess Helen Frederica Augusta of Waldeck and Pyrmont, and to settle an Annuity on Her Serene Highness.

6. An act to amend the law in regard to householders under the General Police and Improvement Acts in Scotland.

7. An act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

8. An act to apply the sum of nine million two hundred and eighty-two thousand four hundred and thirty-five pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three.

9. An act to amend the Documentary Evidence Act, 1868, and other enactments relating to the evidence of documents by means of copies printed by the Government Printers.

10. An act for making provision for facilitating the Manoeuvres of Troops to be assembled during the present Summer.

11. An act to amend the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867.

12. An act to amend the Law relating to the application of moneys arising from the sale of Militia Storehouses.

13. An act for the Improvement of Arklow Harbour.

14. An act to confer further powers upon the Metropolitan Board of Works with respect to Streets and Buildings in the Metropolis.

15. An act to provide for the better application of Moneys paid by way of Compensation for the compulsory acquisition of Common Lands and extinguishment of Rights of Common.

16. An act to amend the Irish Reproductive Loan Fund Act, 1874.

17. An act for the transfer of Property in Ireland held for the Service of Her Majesty’s Customs and of the Inland Revenue to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland; and for other purposes relating thereto.

18. An act to regulate the procedure of School Boards in Scotland in the dismissal of Teachers.

19. An act to amend the law relating to the interment of any person found felo de se.

20. An act to amend the Poor Rate Assessment and Collection Act, 1869.

21. An act to amend the Places of Worship Sites Act, 1873.

22. An act to make better provision for Inquiries with regard to Boiler Explosions.

23. An act to extend the Public Health Act, 1875, to the making of Byelaws for Fruit Pickers.

24. An act to amend the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851.

25. An act for the prevention of Crime in Ireland.

26. An act to amend the Law relating to the Election of Lords Temporal to serve in Parliament for Ireland.

27. An act to extend certain Provisions of the Poor Rate Assessment and Collection Act, 1869, to the Highway Rate, and for other purposes.

28. An act to apply the sum of five million seven hundred and three thousand eight hundred and ninety-one pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three.

29. An act to amend the Acts relating to the County Courts in Ireland, and to make better provision for Appeals under the said Acts.

30. An act to amend the Baths and Wash Houses Acts.

31. An act to render Judgments obtained in certain Inferior Courts in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, effectual in any ether part of the United Kingdom.

32. An act for the acquisition of Property and the provision of new Buildings for the Admiralty and War Office.

33. An act further to amend the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works ; and for other purposes.

34. An act to amend "The Beer Dealers’ Retail Licences Act, 1880."

35. An act to amend so much of "The Friendly Societies Act, 1875," as relates to quinquennial returns of sickness and mortality.

36. An act to amend the Pauper Inmates Discharge and Regulation Act, 1871.

37. An act to amend tho Law respecting tho obtaining of Corn Returns.

38. An act for facilitating Sales, Leases, and other dispositions of Settled Land, and for promoting the execution of Improvements thereon.

39. An act for further improving the Practice of Conveyancing; and for other purposes.

40. An act to amend the law of Copyright relating to Musical Compositions.

41. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

42. An act to amend the Law relating to Civil Imprisonment in Scotland.

43. An act to amend the Bills of Sale Act, 1878.

44. An act to authorise the Commutation of a portion of a Pension in pursuance of the Pensions Commutation Act, 1871.

45. An act to make provision for the transfer of the Assets and Liabilities of the Provident Branch of the Bombay Civil Fund and other funds to the Secretary of State for India in Council.

46. An act to amend the Isle of Man (Officers) Act, 1876.

47. An act to make provision respecting certain Arrears of Rent in Ireland.

48. An act to consolidate the Acts relating to the Reserve Forces.

49. An act to consolidate the Acts relating to the Militia.

50. An act for consolidating, with Amendments, enactments relating to Municipal Corporations in England and Wales.

51. An act to extend the Acts relating to the purchase of small Government Annuities and to assuring payments of money on death.

52. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts, and to repeal certain other Turnpike Acts; and for other purposes connected therewith.

53. An act to amend the Law of Entail in Scotland.

54. An act to amend the Artizans and Labourers Dwellings Acts.

55. An act to amend the Law with respect to the Charges on and Payments to the Mercantile Marine Fund, and to Expenses of Prosecutions for Offences committed at Sea.

56. An act to facilitate and regulate the supply of Electricity for Lighting and other purposes in Great Britain and Ireland.

57. An act to amend the law relating to Costs and Salaries in County Courts.

58. An act to amend the Divided Parishes and Poor Law Amendment Act, 1876; and for other purposes.

59. An act to reorganise the Educational Endowments of Scotland.

60. An act to amend and extend the provisions of the Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1881, relating to Labourers Cottages and Allotments.

61. An act to codify the law relating to Bills of Exchange, Cheques, and Promissory Notes.

62. An act to grant Money for the purpose of Loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland and the Irish Land Commission; and for other purposes relating to Loans by those Commissioners.

63. An act to amend the Acts regulating the pay of certain officers of the Royal Irish Constabulary Force, and for other purposes connected therewith.

64. An act to continue various expiring Laws.

65. An act to make provision respecting certain Prison Charities.

66. An act to amend the Law relating to Licences to retail Intoxicating Liquors on Passenger Vessels in Scotland.

67. An act to further amend the Law relating to Turnpike Roads in South Wales.

68. An act to suspend for a limited period, on account of Corrupt Practices, the holding of an Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for certain cities and boroughs.

69. An act to amend the Intermediate Education (Ireland) Act, 1878.

70. An act to amend the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Ireland), 1877.

71. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-three, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

72. An act for amending the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue, and Postage and other stamps, and for making further provision respecting the National Debt and charges payable out of the public revenue or by the Commissioners for the reduction of the National Debt; and for other purposes.

73. An act for the better protection of Ancient Monuments.

74. An act to amend the Post Office Acts with respect to the Conveyance of Parcels.

75. An act to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Property of Married Women.

76. An act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts, 1854 to 1880, with respect to Colonial Courts of Inquiry.

77. An act to amend the Law of Citation in Scotland.

78. An act to establish a Fishery Board for Scotland.

79. An act to make provision for the arrangement of Accounts between the Commissioners of Her Majesty’s Treasury and the Secretary of State in Council of India in respect of certain Home Charges for Her Majesty’s Forces serving in India.

80. An act for the extension of Allotments.

81. An act for disannexing the Rectory of Somersham from the office of Regius Professor of Divinity in the University of Cambridge, and for making better provision for the cure of Souls within the said Rectory; and for other purposes.

82. An act for amending the Lunacy Regulation Acts.

