Public Acts passed in 1886, 49 & 50 Victoria c.1 - c.59.
From Public General Statutes, 1886.
---

1. An act to make temporary provision for the conduct of the Business of the Office of Land Registry.

2. An act to declare the meaning of Section Eleven of the Freshwater Fisheries Act, 1878, so far as regards Eels.

3. An act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages.

4. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-five and one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six.

5. An act for extending, with Amendments, to Grounds for Drill and other Military Purposes, the Enactments relating to the Acquisition and Regulation of Rifle Ranges.

6. An act to continue the Glebe Loans (Ireland) Acts.

7. An act to apply the sum of twelve million seven hundred and thirteen thousand three hundred and eighteen pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-seven.

8. An act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

9. An act to amend the Prisons Act of 1877, so far as regards the Superannuation of Prison Officers.

10. An act to repeal the Contagious Diseases Acts, 1866 to 1869.

11. An act to provide for the Payment of Compensation for Damage done during a certain Riot in the Metropolitan District.

12. An act to amend the Bankruptcy (Office Accommodation) Act, 1885.

13. An act to provide for the transfer to the Dominion of Canada of the Lighthouse at Cape Race, Newfoundland, and its appurtenances, and for other purposes connected therewith.

14. An act for extending the Hours within which Marriages may be lawfully solemnized.

15. An act to amend the Law as to the Rating of Lands occupied for Sporting purposes in Scotland.

16. An act to amend the Law in regard to the Vacating of Seats in the House of Commons.

17. An act to make temporary provision for the better Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland.

18. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to amend the laws relating to Inland Revenue.

19. An act to suspend for a period certain Payments under the National Debt Act, 1881; and to reduce for a like period the Permanent Annual Charge of the National Debt.

20. An act to amend the Law in respect to the Discovery and Interment of Persons drowned.

21. An act to amend the Burial Grounds (Scotland) Act, 1855.

22. An act to amend the Enactments relating to Offices, Stations, and Buildings for the Metropolitan Police Force.

23. An act to amend the Companies Acts of 1862, 1867, 1870, 1877, 1879, 1880, and 1883.

24. An act to continue and amend for a further limited period the Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1881.

25. An act for giving facilities for the care, education, and training of Idiots and Imbeciles.

26. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-seven, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

27. An act to amend the Law relating to the Guardianship and Custody of Infants.

28. An act to amend the Law relating to Bankruptcy so far as relates to Agricultural Labourers’ Wages.

29. An act to amend the Law relating to the Tenure of Land by Crofters in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland, and for other purposes relating thereto.

30. An act to amend the Patriotic Fund Acts, 1867 and 1881.

31. An act to remove doubts respecting the sitting and acting of the Chancellor and other Officers of the University of Oxford as Justices of the Peace.

32. An act to amend the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Act, 1878.

33. An act to amend the Law respecting International and Colonial Copyright.

34. An act to extend the time for the Repayment of Loans granted by the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy to Incumbents of Benefices.

35. An act respecting the Representation in the Parliament of Canada of Territories which for the time being form part of the Dominion of Canada, but are not included in any Province.

36. An act to provide for the determination of the Acts respecting the Sale and Transfer of Incumbered Estates in the West Indies.

37. An act to remove certain doubts respecting the construction of the Patents, Designs, and Trade Marks Act, 1883, so far as respects the drawings by which specifications are required to be accompanied and as respects exhibitions.

38. An act to provide Compensation for Losses by Riots.

39. An act to amend the Law relating to Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries.

40. An act to amend the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1872.

41. An act to alter certain duties of Customs and to amend the laws relating to the Customs, and for other purposes.

42. An act for amending the Law as to the appointment of Revising Barristers in England.

43. An act to amend the Law relating to the Appointment of Revising Barristers and the attendance of County Officers at Revision Courts in Ireland.

44. An act further to amend the Acts relating to the raising of Money by the Metropolitan Board of Works; and for other purposes.

45. An act to grant Money for the purpose of loans by the Public Works Loan Commissioners, the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, the Irish Land Commissioners, and the Fishery Board for Scotland, and to amend the Acts and make other provisions relating to the above-mentioned Commissioners and Board.

46. An act to amend the Act of the sixth and seventh years of William the Fourth, chapter one hundred and eight.

47. An act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes.

48. An act to amend the Medical Acts.

49. An act to empower the Admiralty to form a Harbour of Refuge at Peterhead, in the county of Aberdeen, and to execute and maintain breakwater piers and other works and conveniences in connection therewith; and for other purposes.

50. An act to amend the Law relating to the Terms of Removal from Houses in Scotland.

51. An act to make provision for the borrowing of Money by Parochial Boards, and for other purposes relating to the Belief of the Poor in Scotland.

52. An act to amend the Law relating to the Maintenance of Married Women who shall have been deserted by their Husbands.

53. An act to amend the law relating to Sea Fishing Boats in Scotland.

54. An act to amend the Tithe Commutation Acts as to Extraordinary Tithe Rent charge on hop grounds, orchards, fruit plantations, and market gardens, and to provide for fixing the capital value thereof and the redemption of the same.

55. An act to limit the Hours of Labour of Children and Young Persons in Shops.

56. An act for the Protection of Children against the Sale to them of Intoxicating Liquors.

57. An act to amend the provisions of the Parliamentary Elections (Returning Officers) Act, 1875.

58. An act to regulate the Expenses and to control the Charges of Returning Officers at Parliamentary Elections in Scotland.

59. An act to amend the Labourers (Ireland) Acts.

