Public Acts passed in 1889, 52 & 53 Victoria c.1 - c.76.
From Public General Statutes, 1889.
---

1. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety.

2. An act to apply the sum of three million seven hundred and twenty-nine thousand two hundred and three pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety.

3. An act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

4. An act to provide for the Redemption of the Consolidated Three Per Cent. Stock, and the Reduced Three Per Cent. Stock.

5. An act to amend the Removal of Wrecks Act, 1877.

6. An act to amend the Law relating to the National Debt.

7. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other Duties, and to amend the Laws relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

8. An act to make further provision for Naval Defence and defray the Expenses thereof.

9. An act to amend the Public Libraries Act, 1855.

10. An act for amending and consolidating enactments relating to the administration of Oaths.

11. An act to regulate the Sale of Horseflesh for Human Food.

12. An act to relieve the Courts of Assize from the Trial of Persons charged with Offences triable at Quarter Sessions.

13. An act to amend the Purchase of Land (Ireland) Act, 1885, and the Acts amending the same.

14. An act to amend the provisions relating to Hackney Carriages of the Town Police Clauses Act, 1847.

15. An act to apply the sum of twenty-six million four hundred and seventy-three thousand nine hundred and forty-four pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety.

16. An act to explain the Secretary for Scotland Act, 1887.

17. An act to abolish any duties on Coals leviable by the Corporation of London.

18. An act to suppress Indecent Advertisements.

19. An act to extend the time for the preparation of the Registers of County Electors in England and Wales.

20. An act to amend the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act, 1883.

21. An act for amending the Law relating to Weights and Measures, and for other purposes connected therewith.

22. An act to amend the Friendly Societies Acts.

23. An act to amend the Herring Fishery (Scotland) Acts; and for other purposes relating thereto.

24. An act to repeal certain Statutes, relating to Master and Servants in particular Manufactures, which have ceased to be put in force or have become unnecessary by the enactment of subsequent Statutes.

25. An act to provide a Site for a National Portrait Gallery and for other purposes connected therewith.

26. An act to extend and amend the Law relating to the recovery of Small Debts in Scotland.

27. An act to amend the Law with respect to rating Places used for Advertisements.

28. An act to declare the Boundaries of the Province of Ontario in the Dominion of Canada.

29. An act to amend the Passengers Act, 1855, and the Passengers Act Amendment Act, 1863.

30. An act for establishing a Board of Agriculture for Great Britain.

31. An act to make provision for the Audit of the Manufacturing and Shipbuilding and other like Accounts of the Army and Navy.

32. An act to amend the Law relating to the Investment of Trust Funds.

33. An act to provide for modifying the constitution of the Court of Appeal for the Windward Islands.

34. An act to amend the Telegraph Acts, 1863 to 1885, and the Post Office Acts in relation to the Isle of Man.

35. An act to make provision for the Support and Maintenance of the Children of His Royal Highness Albert Edward, Prince of Wales.

36. An act to amend the Settled Land Act, 1882.

37. An act to amend the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1888.

38. An act to remove doubts as to the validity of certain Marriages solemnised in Basutoland and in British Bechuanaland.

39. An act to amend and extend the Law relating to Judicial Factors and others in Scotland, and to unite the offices of the Accountant of the Court of Session and the Accountant in Bankruptcy in Scotland.

40. An act to promote Intermediate Education in Wales.

41. An act to amend the Acts relating to Lunatics.

42. An act to amend the Law relating to the Customs and Inland Revenue, and for other purposes connected with the Public Revenue and Expenditure.

43. An act to amend the Law relating to the Measurement of the Tonnage of Merchant Ships.

44. An act for the Prevention of Cruelty to, and better Protection of, Children.

45. An act to amend and consolidate the Factors Acts.

46. An act to amend the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and the Acts amending the same.

47. An act to amend the Practice and Proceedings of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Durham.

48. An act to amend the County Court (Ireland) Acts.

49. An act for amending and consolidating the Enactments relating to Arbitration.

50. An act to amend the Laws relating to Local Government in Scotland.

51. An act to amend the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862.

52. An act to prevent the Disclosure of Official Documents and Information.

53. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Office of Paymaster General, and to make better provision for the Discharge of the Duties of that Office.

54. An act to regulate the Number and Duties of the Clerks of the Court of Session and Bill Chamber in Scotland, and for other purposes.

55. An act for the better Administration and Endowment of the Universities of Scotland.

56. An act to amend the Law respecting Children in Work-houses, and respecting the borrowing of Money by Guardians and Managers of District Schools, and respecting the Managers of the Metropolitan Asylum District.

57. An act to amend the Regulation of Railways Acts; and for other purposes.

58. An act to amend the Coinage Act, 1870, as respects Light Gold Coins.

59. An act to amend "The Land Law (Ireland) Act, 1888," with regard to Leaseholders.

60. An act to amend the Law with respect to Preferential Payments in Bankruptcy in the Administration of Insolvent Estates, and in the winding-up of Companies in Ireland.

61. An act to further amend the Acts relating to the raising of money by the London County Council, and for other purposes.

62. An act to make further provision for the regulation of Cotton Cloth Factories.

63. An act for consolidating enactments relating to the construction of Acts of Parliament and for further shortening the Language used in Acts of Parliament.

64. An act to remove doubts as to the power of the Local Government Board to make regulations respecting Cholera.

65. An act to amend the Law as to the Council of India.

66. An act to facilitate the construction of Light Railways in Ireland.

67. An act to continue various Expiring Laws.

68. An act to amend the Law relating to Pilotage.

69. An act for the more effectual Prevention and Punishment of Bribery and Corruption of and by Members, Officers, or Servants of Corporations, Councils, Boards, Commissions, or other Public Bodies.

70. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

71. An act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

72. An act to provide for the Notification of Infectious Disease to Local Authorities.

73. An act to amend the Law relating to the use of Flags in the British Merchant Service.

74. An act to enable the Inspectors of Irish Fisheries to prohibit Steam Trawling within a certain distance of the Coast of Ireland.

75. An act to amend the Law in regard to Annual Parliamentary Grants in the Counties of Caithness and Sutherland.

76. An act to facilitate the Provision of Technical Instruction.

