Public Acts passed in 1892, 55 & 56 Victoria c.1 - c.65.
From Public General Statutes, 1892.
---

1. An act to transfer the site of Millbank Prison to the management of the Commissioners of Works.

2. An act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

3. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three.

4. An act to render penal the inciting Infants to Betting or Wagering or to Borrowing Money.

5. An act to amend the Poor Law (Ireland) Acts.

6. An act to provide for the Recognition in the United Kingdom of Probates and Letters of Administration granted in British Possessions.

7. An act to amend the Labourers (Ireland) Acts for the purpose of providing increased Allotments of Land for the Agricultural Labourers in Ireland.

8. An act to enact a Close Time for Hares during the Breeding Season.

9. An act to amend the Act of the eighth and ninth Victoria, chapter one hundred and nine, intituled "An act to amend the Law concerning Games and Wagers."

10. An act to facilitate the Citation of Sundry Acts of Parliament.

11. An act to amend the Mortmain and Charitable Uses Act, 1888.

12. An act to amend the Law in regard to Roads and Bridges in Scotland.

13. An act to amend the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, 1881.

14. An act to amend the Indian Councils Act, 1861.

15. An act to authorise the Councils of Counties and County Boroughs to contribute to the Expenses of Inquiries into certain Charities.

16. An act to grant and alter certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue.

17. An act to simplify the forms of Extracts of Decrees in the Sheriff Courts of Scotland.

18. An act for authorizing County and Borough Councils to purchase Franchises of Weights and Measures.

19. An act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be in-force or have become unnecessary.

20. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three.

21. An act to regulate the sittings of the High Court of Justiciary in Scotland.

22. An act to amend the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, as to Scotland.

23. An act to consolidate Enactments relating to the Marriage of British Subjects outside the United Kingdom.

24. An act to amend the Post Office Act, 1891, in relation to its application to Scotland, and to apply that Act to the Isle of Man and to the Channel Islands.

25. An act to amend the Taxes (Regulation of Remuneration) Act, 1891.

26. An act to make provision respecting Advances made by the National Debt Commissioners under the National Debt (Redemption) Act, 1889.

27. An act to authorise the release of certain Deposits, and the Cancellation of certain Bonds, made or given to secure the performance of undertakings authorised by Parliament.

28. An act to amend the Law respecting the Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

29. An act to facilitate the Acquisition and Holding of Land by Institutions for promoting Technical and Industrial Instruction and Training.

30. An act to amend the Alkali, &c. Works Regulation Act, 1881.

31. An act to facilitate the acquisition of Small Agricultural Holdings.

32. An act for better enforcing Discipline in the case of Crimes and other Offences against Morality committed by Clergymen.

33. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

34. An act for dissolving the Corporation styled the Naval Knights of Windsor of the Foundation of Samuel Travers, Esquire, and for regulating the application of the property thereof, and for applying and amending the Greenwich Hospital Acts.

35. An act to amend the Colonial Stock Act, 1877, so far as regards the mode of transfer of Stock to which that Act applies.

36. An act to remove doubts as to the meaning of the Forged Transfers Act, 1891.

37. An act to amend the Merchant Shipping Acts.

38. An act to alter the period for which certain Police Returns are required to be made.

39. An act to amend the National Debt Act, 1870.

40. An act to amend the Acts relating to Superannuation Allowances and Gratuities to Persons in the Public Service so far as respects the computation of successive Service in different Offices where not all subject to the Superannuation Acts, 1834 to 1887, and as respects the application of Section Six of the Superannuation Act, 1887, to Employments of Profit under the Government of India.

41. An act to provide for expenses incurred by Members of Boards of Management of Poor Law District Schools in Ireland.

42. An act to improve National Education in Ireland.

43. An act to consolidate and amend certain Enactments relating to the acquisition of land for Military purposes.

44. An act to amend the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888.

45. An act to provide for the increase of the Salaries of certain Land Commissioners in Ireland, and for other purposes connected with the Land Commission.

46. An act to amend the Ancient Monuments Protection Act, 1882.

47. An act to amend the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, 1878 to 1890.

48. An act for making further Provision respecting certain Payments to the Banks of England and Ireland, and for other purposes connected with those Banks.

49. An act to authorise the Treasury to guarantee the Payment of a Loan to be raised by the Government of the Colony of Mauritius.

50. An act to amend the Law relating to Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries.

51. An act to make provision in regard to the Distribution and Application of Sums from time to time paid to the Local Taxation (Scotland) Account and in regard to the Fee Grant in Scotland.

52. An act to authorise an advance to the Government of the Province of British Columbia.

53. An act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Public Libraries.

54. An act to facilitate the provision of Allotments for the Labouring Classes in Scotland.

55. An act for regulating the Police and Sanitary Administration of towns and populous places, and for facilitating the union of Police and Municipal Administration in Burghs in Scotland.

56. An act to amend the Law in relation to the Appointment of Coroners and Deputy Coroners in Counties and Boroughs.

57. An act to amend the Public Health Acts in relation to Private Street Improvement Expenses.

58. An act to amend the Law respecting Accumulations.

59. An act to make further provision respecting Telegraphs.

60. An act to continue various expiring Laws.

61. An act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

62. An act to amend the Law relating to the Employment of Young Persons in Shops.

63. An act to explain and amend the Local Taxation (Customs and Excise) Act, 1890, with respect to Contributions for Technical Instruction in Scotland.

64. An act for the better Protection of Witnesses giving Evidence before any Royal Commission or any Committee of either House of Parliament, or on other Public Inquiries.

65. An act to amend the Law relating to the Drainage and Improvement of Land in Ireland, and for other purposes.

