Public Acts passed in 1893-4, 56 & 57 Victoria c.1 - c.73.
From Public General Acts, 1893-4.
---

1. An act to make further Provision for the Expenses of the Coinage Act, 1891.

2. An act to exempt from Income Tax the Invested Funds of Trade Unions applied in payment of Provident Benefits.

3. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-one, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, and one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four.

4. An act to provide, during twelve months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

5. An act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to the Payment of Regimental Debts, and the Collection and Disposal of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers in case of Death, Desertion, Insanity, and other cases.

6. An act to remove Disabilities of Policemen with regard to their Vote in Municipal, School Board, and other Elections.

7. An act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to repeal and alter other Duties, and to amend the Law relating to Inland Revenue.

8. An act to amend the Local Authorities Loans (Scotland) Act, 1891.

9. An act to amend the Municipal Corporations Act, 1882.

10. An act to amend the Police Acts.

11. An act to amend the Public Libraries Act, 1892.

12. An act to make provision for the establishment of Day Industrial Schools in Scotland and to amend the Education (Scotland) Acts, 1872 to 1883.

13. An act to enable sanitary authorities in Ireland to take possession of land for the erection of temporary Cholera Hospitals.

14. An act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

15. An act to amend the Acts relating to Reformatory Schools in Scotland.

16. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four.

17. An act to carry into effect an International Convention respecting the Liquor Traffic in the North Sea.

18. An act to reduce the Limit of the Balance of the Treasury Chest Fund.

19. An act to amend the Law relating to Weights and Measures.

20. An act to extend the Provisions of the Duchy of Cornwall Management Act, 1863, relating to the Powers of Sale and Enfranchisement, and for other purposes.

21. An act to amend the Law relating to the Avoidance of Voluntary Conveyances.

22. An act to amend the Appellate Jurisdiction Act, 1876, so far as regards Appeals in Forma Pauperis.

23. An act to provide for prohibiting the catching of Seals at certain periods in Behring’s Sea and other parts of the Pacific Ocean adjacent to Behring’s Sea.

24. An act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans.

25. An act to amend the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892.

26. An act to explain and amend certain Provisions of the Prison Act, 1877, with respect to the Superannuation of Prison Officers.

27. An act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes.

28. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four.

29. An act to amend the Law with respect to the Hours of Labour of Railway Servants.

30. An act to amend the Friendly Societies Act, 1875.

31. An act to explain the Rivers Pollution Prevention Act, 1876.

32. An act to prevent the use of Barbed Wire for Fences in Roads, Streets, Lanes, and other Thoroughfares.

33. An act to remove certain doubts as to the application of Part III. of the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, to certain authorities in Ireland.

34. An act to extend the operation of the Improvement of Land Act, 1864, so far as regards Scotland.

35. An act to amend the power of the Congested Districts Board for Ireland so far as respects the Purchase and Holding of Property.

36. An act to amend the Law of Distress and Small Debts (Ireland) Act, 1888.

37. An act to better define the Jurisdiction and to improve the Procedure of the Court of Passage in the City of Liverpool, and for other purposes connected therewith.

38. An act to make further provision for the Conveyance of Her Majesty’s Mails.

39. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Industrial and Provident Societies.

40. An act to make provision for certain purposes relating to Local Loans.

41. An act to amend the Irish Education Act, 1892.

42. An act to make better Provision for the Elementary Education of Blind and Deaf Children in England and Wales.

43. An act to confer further powers under the Contagious Diseases (Animals) Acts, 1878 to 1892, with respect to Swine Fever.

44. An act to make provision in regard to the Consignation of Money in the Sheriff Courts in Scotland.

45. An act to make further provision for the completion and equipment of Ships under the Naval Defence Act, 1889, and to amend that Act.

46. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four.

47. An act to amend the Public Health (London) Act, 1891, with respect to the Removal of Refuse.

48. An act to amend the Law relating to Reformatory Schools.

49. An act to amend the Law relating to the Appointment of County Surveyors in Ireland.

50. An act to amend the Provisions as to Payments for Light Railways in Ireland.

51. An act to amend the Elementary Education Acts with respect to the age for attendance at School.

52. An act to amend the Burghs Gas Supply (Scotland) Act, 1876.

53. An act to consolidate Enactments relating to Trustees.

54. An act for further promoting the Revision of the Statute Law by repealing Enactments which have ceased to be in force or have become unnecessary.

55. An act to amend the Metropolis Management Acts.

56. An act to amend the Law with respect to the sale of Agricultural Fertilisers and Feeding Stuffs.

57. An act to amend the Law relating to Commons.

58. An act to amend Section ten of the Companies (Winding-up) Act, 1890.

59. An act to continue various Expiring Laws.

60. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand eight hundred and ninety-four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

61. An act to generalize and amend certain statutory provisions for the protection of persons acting in the execution of statutory and other public duties.

62. An act to amend the Law relating to the Madras and Bombay Armies.

63. An act to amend the Married Women’s Property Act, 1882.

64. An act to authorise the Redemption of the New Three pounds ten shillings per centum Annuities.

65. An act to amend certain provisions relating to Local Loans in Ireland.

66. An act for the Publication of Statutory Rules.

67. An act to amend the Shop Hours Act, 1892.

68. An act for enabling County Councils to promote the establishment of Hospitals for the reception of patients suffering from Infectious Diseases.

69. An act to amend the Law relating to Savings Banks.

70. An act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India, and for other purposes relating thereto.

71. An act for codifying the Law relating to the Sale of Goods.

72. An act to confirm certain Acts of Colonial Legislatures.

73. An act to make further provision for Local Government in England and Wales.

