Public Acts passed in 1905, 5 Edward 7 c.1 - c.23.
From Public General Acts, 1905.
---

1. An act to apply out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and five and one thousand nine hundred and six.

2. An act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

3. An act to amend the Law as to the Hours of Closing of Licensed Premises on Christmas Day in Ireland.

4. An act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue and the National Debt, and to make other provisions for the financial arrangements of the year.

5. An act to settle and secure an Annuity upon the Right Honourable William Court Gully in consideration of Lis eminent Services.

6. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and six.

7. An act to facilitate the proceedings of the Commissioners appointed to hold an Investigation respecting War Stores in South Africa.

8. An act to extend the Agricultural Rates Act, 1896, &c., Continuance Act, 1901.

9. An act to amend the provisions of the Coal Mines Regulation Act, 1887, which relate to the Weighing of Minerals.

10. An act to enlarge the Remedies of Persons injured by the negligence of Shipowners.

11. An act to give Compensation for Damage by Fires caused by Sparks or Cinders from Railway Engines.

12. An act to provide for the Settlement of certain Questions between the Free Church and the United Free Church in Scotland, and to make certain amendments of the law with respect to the Church of Scotland.

13. An act to amend the Law with regard to Aliens.

14. An act to amend the Medical Act, 1886.

15. An act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Trade Marks.

16. An act to amend the Law with respect to Customs Duties in the Isle of Man.

17. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and four and one thousand nine hundred and six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

18. An act to establish organisation with a view to the provision of Employment or Assistance for Unemployed Workmen in proper cases.

19. An act to empower the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise money in the United Kingdom for the construction, extension, and equipment of Railways in India, by State Agency, or through the Agency of Companies, and for other purposes.

20. An act to make further provision for the construction of works in the United Kingdom and elsewhere for the purposes of the Royal Navy.

21. An act to continue various Expiring Laws.

22. An act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

23. An act to enable Provisional Orders to be made for removing any invalidity or doubt attaching to Marriages by reason of some informality.

