Public Acts passed in 1912-1913, 2 & 3 George 5 c.1 - c.58.
From Public General Acts, 1913.
---

1. An act to apply certain sums out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the years ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and eleven, one thousand nine hundred and twelve, and one thousand nine hundred and thirteen.

2. An act to provide a Minimum Wage in the case of Workmen employed underground in Coal Mines (including Mines of Stratified Ironstone), and for purposes incidental thereto.

3. An act to consolidate the Shops Regulation Acts, 1892 to 1911.

4. An act to amend section twenty-three of the Metropolitan Police Act, 1829, with respect to the Limit imposed by that section as amended by subsequent enactments on the Amount to be provided annually for the purposes of the Metropolitan Police.

5. An act to provide, during Twelve Months, for the Discipline and Regulation of the Army.

6. An act to make such amendments in the Law relating to the Government of India as are consequential on the appointment of a separate Governor of Fort William in Bengal, and other administrative changes in the local government of India.

7. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and thirteen, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

8. An act to grant certain duties of Customs and Inland Revenue, to alter other duties, and to amend the Law relating to Customs and Inland Revenue (including Excise) and the National Debt, and to make other provisions for the financial arrangements of the year.

9. An act to amend the Law with respect to Customs in the Isle of Man.

10. An act to make such provisions with respect to the prohibition of catching Seals and Sea Otters in certain parts of the Pacific Ocean, and for the enforcement of such prohibitions as are necessary to carry out a Convention between His Majesty the King and the United States of America, the Emperor of Japan, and the Emperor of All the Russias.

11. An act to grant Money for the purpose of certain Local Loans out of the Local Loans Fund, and for other purposes relating to Local Loans.

12. An act to amend the Elementary School Teachers (Superannuation) Act, 1898, as originally enacted and as applied by any other Act.

13. An act to provide for the transfer to the Commissioners of Works of certain property of the London Institution for the purposes of a School of Oriental Studies, and for the dissolution of the Institution, and for purposes in connection therewith.

14. An act to consolidate and amend enactments relating to Animals and Knackers; and to make further provision with respect thereto.

15. An act to remove doubts as to the validity of certain Marriages solemnized in the Empire of Japan.

16. An act to make provision for the Acquisition of Property for the Extension of the Royal Scottish Museum at Edinburgh.

17. An act to amend the Protection of Animals Act, 1911, in respect of its Imprisonment Penalty.

18. An act to continue various Expiring Laws.

19. An act to continue and amend the Light Railways Act, 1896.

20. An act to amend the Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1885, the Vagrancy Act, 1898, and the Immoral Traffic (Scotland) Act, 1902.

21. An act to remove doubts as to the effect of sub-section (2) of section forty-two of the Agricultural Holdings Act, 1908, and the enactments re-enacted in that subsection.

22. An act to amend the Aerial Navigation Act, 1911.

23. An act to reduce the number of Principal Clerks of the Court of Sessions in Scotland.

24. An act to amend the Shops Act, 1912, in its application to premises for the sale of refreshments.

25. An act to prevent the Spread and provide for the Treatment of Tuberculosis; and for other purposes connected therewith.

26. An act to amend subsection (1) of section five of the Pensions (Governors of Dominions, &c.) Act, 1911, with respect to service in British Protectorates and other like service.

27. An act to apply a sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the service of the year ending on the thirty-first day of March one thousand nine hundred and thirteen, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

28. An act to amend the Sheriff Courts (Scotland) Act, 1907.

29. An act to amend Section One of the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1894, with respect to increases of rates or charges made for the purpose of meeting a rise in the cost of working a railway due to improved labour conditions.

30. An act to amend the Law with respect to the objects and powers of Trade Unions.

31. An act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Pilotage.

