A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii IIL C. 27. 749:

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Penalty on Per-

Vessel, shall be wilfully or negligently placed in any Part of the said River, or of any Trench, Sluice, or

PaiTaze belonging thereto, so as to obstruct the Navigation thereof, and the Person having the Command ofviti(^ J

such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vpilel, shall not immediately, upon Request made, remove the fame,

he shall, for every such Offence, (being convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace for the said County

of Norfolk, upon the Oath of Oneor more credible Witness or Wimcffes) forfeit to the said Commissioners

' hereby appointed, their Successors, or Assign^, any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, nor less than Five

Shillings, for every Hour such Obstruction shall continue: And it shall he lawful for the said Commissioners

hereby appointed, and their Successors, and any Agents to be employed by them, or any Five or more of

, them, to cause every such Boat or other Vessel to be unloaded, if necessary, and to be removed in such Man-

ner as shall be proper, for preventing such Obstruction in the said Navigation.

XXL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully Penalty on r«r.

throw, or cause to be thrown, any Ballast, Gravel, Stones, or Rubbish, into any Part of the said River, fans throwing ji*

within the Limits aforesaid, or any Trenches or Watercourses to be made or maintained by virtue of this Na-

Act, or of the said in part recited Act, with Intent to prejudice the fame; every Person or Persons so offend- vision- C

ing, and being convicted thereof, before any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Norfolk, upon the

Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, shall*, for every such Offence,-forfeit and pay to the said'

- Commissioners hereby appointed, their Succdiors or Assigns, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the pecuniary Fines, Penalties, and Penalties and

Forfeitures, hereby inflicted or authorised to be imposed, the Recovery whereof is not herein before direct- Forfeiture* how

ed, shall be rec overed by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by a Warrant or War- rC|tjl^cred4

rants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County an *rp se

of Norfolk; and in case fufheient Distress shall not be found, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices M

commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise,.

and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Two Months, or until the said Fines, Penalties,

or Forfeitures, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XXIII. And be it fjrther enacted by the Authority aforesaid^ That if any Person or Persons shall wil- penaif/on p^r-

fully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Navigation, break, throw down, damage, or destroy, fens wilfully

or cause to be broken, thrown down, damaged, or destroyed, or be aiding, abetting, or assisting, in break- destroy ing the*

ing, throwing down, damaging, or destroying, any of the Bridges, Locks, Staunches, Dams, Banks, or Wor!i*>

other Works, that now are, or shall be erected and maintained by virtue of this present Act, or of the said

hi part recited Act 5 such Person or Persons shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be subject and lia-

ble to the like Pains and Penalties as in other Cafes of Felony; and the Court, by and before whom such

Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have full Power and Authority to transport such Felon

or Felons for the Space of Seven Years, to some of His Majesty’s Plantations in America, in like Manner

as other Felons are directed to I e transported by the Laws add Statutes of this Realm; or, in Miti-

fation of such Sentence, may, if they think lit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of

etit Larceny.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Summons, Order, Determina- Writing to he-

ilion, Judgement, Warrant, Contraft, Agreement, Bond, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand, without

or under the Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or of the said Commissioners hereby

appointed, or their Successors, or any of them, or any Person or Persons appointed or employed by them*,

er any Transfer of any Share or Shares, or other Writing whatsoever, made in pursuance of or relating to*

the Execution of any of the Powers given in and by this present Act, or in and by the said in part recited- ,

Act, shall be charged or char^m/ffe with, or be subject to any Stamp or Duty whatsoever. ,

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaiJ, That where any Distress shall be made for D;^r.r<;

any Sum or Sums of Money, to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself not be deemed unlawful, be deemed

nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasscr or Trelpaffers, on account of any Defect for wjv

or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating there-

to; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasscr or TrespalTers ab initio, on account of

any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties cieftraining; but the Person or -

Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in p^/ab ,;1

an Action upon the Cafe; and that no Proceedings, to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act, (hull be f r in invent

quashed or vacated for want of Form. lrrfHa;

XXVI. Provided always. That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irre-Trmfer of

gularity as aforesaid, if Tender of Amends hath been made by or on the Behalf of the Party distraining, A -renj. i*

before such Action brought. nuoe.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if anyAction, Suit, or Informa- Lm-.itat .*>n of

tion, shall be brought or commenced again# any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done in AcW.>.

pursuance of this Act, or of the said in part recited Act, or in Execution of all or any of the Powcr3 and

Authorities, or the Orders and Directions herein before, or in the said in part recited Act given or granted

tvery such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months

next after the Fast committed, and shall be laid or brought In the said Count of Norfolk, and not elsewhere:

and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, Suit, or Information, shall and may plead the General General r-5

Issue, and give this Act, or the said in part recited Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial

to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in Pursuance and by the Authority of this Act, or of the

fcid in part recited Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action, Suit, or Informa-

tion, shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or (nail be brought in any other

County or Place than.as aforesaid, then and in every such Cafe, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or

Defendp^;.

