26

C. 12.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

A.D. 1765.

for such Cancelling and and Orders for regulating the Methods, and limiting the Times, for such Cancelling and Allovr-

Aliowance. ance as aforesaid, with respect to such News Papers and Pamphlets, as they shall, upon Experience

and Confederation of the several Circumstances, find necessary or convenient, for the effectual

securing the Duties thereon, and doing Justice to the Persons concerned in the priming and pub-

lishing thereof.

Stamps may be deWed XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Officer

by the Officer for print* or Officers employed by the said Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, shall and may

inj» Almanack?, up in deliver to any Person, by or for whom any Almanack or Almanacks shall have been printed. Paper

giving Security for the marked or stamped according to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, for the Printing such Almanack

DutlC3* or Almanacks, upon his or her giving sufficient Security to pay the Amount of the Duty hereby

And hs is to allow for charged thereon within the Space of three Months after- such Delivery; and that the said Officer

Almanacks brought to or Officers, upon bringing to him or them any Number of the Copies of such Almanacks, within

be cancelled wiiiiin a the Space or three Months from the said Delivery and Request to him or them in that Behalf

certain time. made, shall cancel all the Stamps upon such Copies, and abate to every such Person so much of the

Money due upon such Security as such cancelled Stamps shall amount to.

Where Almanacks con- XXX. Provided always, That where any Almanack shall contain more than one Sheet of Paper,

tain mure than oneSheer, it shall be sufficient to (temp only one of the Sheet3 or Pieces of Paper upon which such Almanack

enrol the sheets only fliull be printed, and to pay the Duty accordingly.

may ampt. XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the

j 1^-.. _ r \r ..» _ 7___.1___r r______ 1___j___j ___j ..... n _ __ E»__

Prisons felling or hawk- j (],-{} Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and (ixty-five, in case any Person or Per-

inji Almanacks, or News

Papcri, not being duly

fhropt, forfeit 40 S.

Sums gi/en with Clerks

and bare Date the Day

of Execution,

on Forfeiture of double

the said Sums.

fons, within any of the said Colonies or Plantations, shall fell, hawk, carry about, utter, or expose

to Sale, any Almanack, or Calendar, or any News Paper, or any Book, Pamphlet, or Paper,

deemed or construed to be, or serving the Purpose of, an Almanack or News Paper, within the

Intention and Meaning of this A&, not being stamped or marked as by this Act is directed; every

such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings,

w.u.^ XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first

or Appientices to be in- Day of November, one thousand seven‘hundred and sixty-five, the full Sum or Sums of Money, or

ferted in the indentures, other valuable Confi ieration received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, agreed, or

contracted, for, with, or in relation to any Clerk or Apprentice, within any of the said Colonies

or Plantations, shall be truly inserted, or written in Words at Length, in some Indenture or other

Writing which shall contain the Covenants, Articles, Contracts, or Agreements, relating to the

Service of such Clerk or Apprentice; and shall bear Date upon the Day of the signing, sealing, or

other Execution of the fame, upon Pain that every Master or Mistress to or with whom, or to

whose Use, any Sum ol Money, or other valuable Consideration whatsoever, shall be given, paid,

secured, or contracted, for or in respect of any such Clerk or Apprentice, which shall not be truly

and fully so inserted and specified in l'ome such Indenture, or other Writing, shall, for every fuen

Offence, forfeit double the Sum, or double the Amount of any other valuable Consideration so

given, paid, agreed, secured, or contracted for; to be sued for and recovered at any Time, during

the Term specified in the Indenture or Writing for the Service of such Clerk or Apprentice, or

Indentures to be brought within one Year after the Determination thereof; and that all such Indentures, or other Writings,

to the proper Officer shall be brought, within the Space of three Months, to the proper Officer or Officers, appointed by

wi-hin three Months, the said Commissioners for collecting the said Duties within the respective Colony or Plantation;

and the Duty to be then anj the Duty hereby charged for the Sums, or other valuable Consideration inserted therein, shall

pal &c* be paid by the Master or Mistress of such Clerk or Apprentice to the said Officer or Officers, who

Forfeiture of Double ^hall give Receipts for such Duty on the Back of such Indentures or other Writings; and in case

the Duty shall not be paid within the Time before limited, such Master or Mistress shall forfeit

Double the Amount of such Duty.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Indentures or Writings

within the said Colonies and Plantations, relating to the Service of Clerks or Apprentices, wherein

shall not be truly inserted or written the full Sum or Sums of Money, or other valuable Confi-

deration, received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, agreed, secured, or contracted*

for, with, or in relation to any such Clerk or Apprentice, and a Receipt given for the fame by

the Officer or Officers aforesaid, or whereupon the Duties payable by this Act shall not be duly paid

or lawfully tendered, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, within the Time herein

for that Purpose limited, shall be void and not available in any Court or Place, or to any Purpose

whatsoever.

WhereMa/tcr, At. neg- XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Master or Mistress

left to p;-.y ihe Duties, of any Clerk or Apprentice shall neglect to pay the said Duty, within the Time herein before

limited, and any such Clerk or Apprentice shall in that Cafe pay, or cause to be paid, to the Amount

of Double the said Duty, either during the Term of such Clerkship or Apprenticed! ip, or within

one Year after the Determination thereof, such Master or Mistress not having then paid the said

Double Duty, although required by such Clerk or Apprentice so to do; then, and in such Cafe, it

shall and may be lawful to and for any such Clerk or Apprentice, within three Months after such

Payment of the said Double Duty, to demand of such Master or Mistress, or his or her Executors

or Administrators, such Sum or Sums of Money, or valuable ConfiJeration, as was or were paid

to such Mailer or Mistress, for or in respect of such Clerkship or Apprenticeship; and in case such

Sum or Sums of Money, or valuable Consideration, shall not be paid within three Months after

such Demand thereof made, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Clerk or Apprentice,

2 or

on

the Amount.

Indenture* declared

void, where the Fee is

not inferred, and the

Duty duly paid.

Aprrcnt ce in such

upon Pavirent of

Double Di tie;, Ac. is

inti le i to recover the

apprentice Fee j

