572 e* 23-

Anno nono Georgii III.

A.D. 1769.

Annuities may

be transferred.

' 5n this Act mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money* not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two thousand

Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of One or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during

the full Term of the natural Life of such Contributor or Contributors respectively, or the natural Life of

such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by or on Behalf of such Contributor or Contributors

respectively at the Time of Payment of his, her, or their respective Contribution-money, so as toe said

Annuity or Annuities do not exceed the Rate of Eight Pounds by the Hundred, and so in proportion for

any greater or lesser Sum, to be paid as aforesaid; and so as the said Annuities, to be purchased in pur-

fuance of this Act, do not exceed in the Whole the Sum of One hundred and Sixty Pounds; and such

Annuity or Annuities shall be publickly sold to the bell Bidder or Bidders for the fame; and such Annuity

shall be paid and payable by the Trealurerof the said Trustees for the Time being, at or upon the Foar

The sure to be most usual Feast Days; that is to fav. The Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary; the Nativity of

paiJ Quarterly. Saint John the Baptist; Saint Michael the Archangel; and the Birth of our Lord Christ; The First Pay-

ment of the said Annuities to begin and be made, and paid to the respective Purchasers, their Executors,

Administrators, or Assigns, at or upon such of the Feast Days aforesaid as shall first happen next afterpay-

ment of their respective Purchase-monies, or within Twenty-one Days next after any or either of the said

Feast Days.

rf Arrwirantr XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That when and as often as any such Annuitants

purchase!” anc* may for ar>y Person or Persons to purchase of the said Trustees, or any

Thirteen or more of them, One or more Annuity or Annuities, upon the Life of such Persons, and upon

such Terms and Conditions, and to be payable in such Manner as above mentioned; so that the Sum or

Sums of Money to be borrowed at Interest as aforesaid, and to be contributed for the Purchase of any An-

nuity to be granted by virtue of this Act, shall at no One Time exceed the Sum of Two thousand Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Purchaser

or Purchasers of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Ad-

ministrators, or Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or

Hands and Seals, to assign such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, or Interest therein, to any

Ampnrnentsto^person or persons and so loties quolies; and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Orders and

cntcic in a colu Alignments shall be made in a Book to be kept as herein before mentioned, at the Charge of the said

Trustees, in the Vestry Room of the said Parish Church, or in such Room or Place as shall be appointed

to be kept in the said Parish for that Purpose; which Entry or Memorandum shall be made gratis, and

may at all feasonable Times be inspected by any Person or Persons interested therein.

Alignments not XXXVI. Provided always. That no such Assignment shall be deemed good and effectual, until such

i° c ?a 1 , c. Memorandum or Entry shall be made in the said Book, in Manner aforesaid.

charges of patr. XXXVII. Provided also, That the Charges andTxpences of procuring and obtaining this Act, shall

to\«h lid h°W^ *n Place paid out of the Monies arising by such Purchase-money as aforesaid, or out of the

0 pai ' Rates or Assessments to be made, rated, or assessed, by virtue of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever

shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully act or assist in forging or

counterfeiting, any Assignment of any such Annuity as aforesaid, or any Certificate of the Age or of the

Life of any Nominee, or any Order or Authority in Writing to receive any Annuity due or to grow due

to any Proprietor thereof, or any Part thereof; or shall knowingly or fraudulently demand, or endeavour

to have or receive any such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, by virtue of any forged or counter-

feited Assignment, Letter of Attorney, Certificate, Instrument, Order or Authority in Writing; or shall

falsly or deceitfully personate any true and real Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Annuity or Annuities,

or the Assignee ol any such Proprietor or Proprietors, and thereby receiving, or endeavouring to receive,

the Money of any such true and lawful Proprietor or Assignee, as if such Offender were the true and lawful

Proprietor; then, and in every or any of the said Cafes, all and every such Person and Persons so offending,

and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall fuller

Death without Benefit of Clergy.

Fw cfirjiing the XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said Annuity or Annuities, so to be pur-

M°nry b°rr°wcd chafcd under and by virtue of this Act, shall be and are hereby charged on, and shall be paid and payable

on the Rates. from Time tQ Time out 0f9 the Monies arising by the several Rates or AHeffments to be rated and afltflld

by virtue of this Act; and all and every the Contributor and Contributors upon the Credit of this Act,

duly paying their Consideration or Purchase-money at the Rate aforesaid for any such Annuity or Annuls

ties as aforesaid, or his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, ll all have, receive,

enjoy, and be intitled by this Act to have, receive, and enjoy, the respective Annuity or Annuities to be

purchased out of the said Rates or Assessments by this Act appropriated and appointed for Payment there-

of as aforesaid, during the Term of the natural Life of the Person or Persons to be nominated by each

such Purchaser or Contributor as aforesaid: And that ail and every such Purchaser and Purchasers and

their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefcazible Lltatcs

and Interests in the Annuity or Annuities by him, her, or them, so respectively to be purchased, accord-

ing to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that none of the said Annuities shall now or here-

after be subject or liable to the Fax charged, or to be charged, up®n Land by Authority of Parliament:

And that every Contributor upon this Act, for the Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as afore-

said, his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purehale-money, shall have a Re-

3 «irt

For punishng

Persons forging

Alignments or

Certificates.

^.ooooie

