A. D% Anno notit) Gfioftcti Ilf. C. 4.1. 627

* Warrant and ottoor Coast Difpatcti first bad and obtained from the Olttrtrt bf HU Ctistoms f

r which Regulation* have been round useful and necessary Checks against Fratids in His Majesty’s keve-

* ayes: And whereas to defeat the good Purposes intended by those A6h of Parliament, treat Quantities

* of Foreign Goods, which are liable to high Duties upoft the Importation, are clanacftincly riin on

* Shore ot fevertl of the Out Ports of this Kingdom, and are afterwards removed from thenefe by Land

* Carriage into Lmehn% and other Parts adjacent thereto, to the great Prejudice oF the Publick Revenue and

€ the fair Trader: For Remedy whefeoly be it enacted by tnfeRingU most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons* in this preterit rar-ifo fv*eig!i Ml

Lament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of June* One°rSirawHa«,*e.

thousand seven hundred and sixty*-nine, no Foreign Bast or Straw,'Chip, Cane, or Horsehair Hats or °MC

fionnett, exceeding in Number One Dozen; no Foreign Platting or other Foreign Manofacture of Baltnor £itting f*.

or Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horsehair, proper for making of Hats or Bonnets, exceeding m Quantity One making thereof.

Found Weight Avoirdupois; no Succus Ljeuotitia, commonly called Spatitfh 'Juice^ of Foreign Produce exceeding 1 n>.

esr Manufacture, exceeding in Quantity Twenty Pounds Weight; no foreign Snuff, exceeding IftnorSpemfltjuice

Quantity Ten Pounds Weight; no Nanquin Cloth, Muslin, Foreign Callteo. or ForeignDimity,

ing in Quantity One entire Piece; and no Chinn Earthen Ware, exceeding in Number Twelve Pieces, lfu<* Nankin

the fame shall have been imported of seised at any Out Port in Great Britain^ shall be brought, removed,cloth, Muflih,

or carried, either by Land or by Water, from any Out Port or other Place whatsoevfer in Great

Into the Port of London^ or the Members thereof, or to any Place whatsoever within the Distance ofSk *1

Twenty Miles from the Royal Exthangi of London, without a Certificate frOth the ColtaSWr or other w* ettwAnf

proper Officer of His Majesty’s Customs, at the Port or Place where such Goods \Vere Imported or 11 Pieces; nuy

fvited, certifying that the Duties payable upon the Importation of such Goods have been duty pslid and * remo»M fn*

f«isfied, of that the fa id Goods nave been before compounded for or condemned; Which Fa<3$ foall be

verified by the Oath of the Importer Or Proprietor thereof, referring to the Times when, and the Place

where, such Gr>ods were entered, condemned, or compounded for; and if such Goods foal I have been thereof, with put a

imported or seised within the Port of London, and fern from thence to any Out Port for Sale, they foallCeriific.te.fii*

not be removed as aforesaid from any Out Port into the Port of or the Members thereof, *!“*»

*ny Place whatsoever within the Distance of Twenty Miles from foe Exchange of London.

out a Certificate from the Collector or other proper Officer of His Majesty*s Customs, at or neartft to thkooood. («v

Port or Place from whence such Goods art intended to be removed, certifying that the Owner or Prdpfle-d«i)«icr, tb«F.6h

for of such Goods hath made Oath before him that the fald Goods, and every Part thereof, had befch *» fce

sent to such Owner or Proprietor from London, for Sale, in the lawful Way of Trade, referring to the Tittm°JLh*

when, with the Name and Reftdence of the Person from whom, such Goods were sent: and that such uocion, .mi t*

Owner or Proprietor verily believed the Duties payable upon the Importation of such Goods had befcn duly from thence foe

paid and satisfied, or that the said Goods had been before compounded for or condemned; and the said«® »nr

tefpeClive Certificates shall express the Quantity and Quality of the said Goods, with the Mirks of the j*

Package thereof, to what Places and to whom the fame are Consigned, and by what Carriage the fame

•re intended to be removed; and if the said Goods ate removed By Land, the said Certificate foa!l also without.Certi-

•xpreft and limit the Time for which the fame foall continue in Force. fie«e.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the refoe&ive' Oaths and Cettlfi- The o.th «ns

cates herein before required foall be administered and granted determined by the Collector or other propter Officer ofCertiScte.» be

the Customs in the Manner before directed, without Fee or Reward: And if any such Bast or Straw, "Kl

Chip, Cane, or Horsehair Hats or Bonnets, Platting: or other Manufacture of Bast, Straw, Chip, Cane, KiwefSe

or Horsehair, Succus Linoritia, Snuff, Nanquin Cloth, Muffin, CailicO, Dimity, or China Earthen oid’commodHie.

Ware, foall be removed as aforesaid, or foall be found removing, from any such Out Port or Place, in t>- rem.,rf,

order or with an Intent to be carried into the Port of Lond or any Member thereof, or to any Place*'found "*•

whatsoever within the Distance of Twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of London, withbttt such Cer-

•♦ficate; or if the fame (halt not agree in all RefpeCls therewith; the Goods, together with the Package ,ot lgret’ jn ,n

thereof, foaH be forfeited and lost, and foall and may be seised and prosecuted by any Officer or Officers Refpetfb wi*th»

of His Majesty's Customs; and after Condemnation disposed of and divided in fuen Manner as the IikeCertific*!*> they

Goods may, for any other Qause of Forfeiture, be seised, profeCuted, disposed of, and divided, by ahyMe

Act or Acts of Parliament now m Force,

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That nothing here-®?* f,he bef,re

In before contained foall extend, or be confttued to extend, to any Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, or,“n5‘t*"^5

Horsehair Hats or Bonnets, Platting or other Manufacture of Bast, Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horsehair? the r»id Coodtu

8ntemt Lkpurition,Snuff, Nanquin Cloth, Muslin, Callico, Dimity, or China Earthen Ware, which aw bought in

foall have been, bona fide, bought in a publick and fair Way of Trade in the CiticS of London or West- P£blickf L?J ftif

mnfltr, or Liberties thereof; and which foall be removed or removing, by any Person or Persons, for Ldon Y^a'

hw> her, or their own ftetellary Use or Wear, and foall not be intended to be sold or exposed to Said. w<tfniinft»|

and which Hull be reinovinf fof private Ufdy and hot far Sale.

IV. And it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Bast or Straw, Chip, laDiOmt* whtfa

Cane, or Horsehair Hats or Bonnets, Platting or other Manuft&urfe of Bast, Stra\y, Chip^'Cane, or ;ny

Horsehair. Succas Liqueriti* Snuff, Ntmynin Cloth, Muslin, Callico, Dimity, or China Earthen

fluU be kited or flopped, for being removed or for being found removing as aforesaid without such Cer-or removing co«-

4L2 tificate, truy to Uui Afo

