The TITLES of the STATUTES.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

v and Commonable Places in Cofly and Littlcthorpe, in the

Pari/h of Cfly, in the County of Leicester.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

' Common Pastures, and Parcels of Lends and Grounds,

within the Manor and Town ship of Huggate, in the

East Riding of the County of York.

.ji. An Act to enable John Bowes Karl of Strathmore and

Kinghorne, and Mary Eleanor Bowes, Countess of Strath-

more and Kinghorne, his Wife, the Daughter and only

Child of George Bowes Esquire, deccaled, to take and

oise the Surname of Bowes only, pursuant to his Will,

and the Settlement executed previous to the Marriage

' of the said Eatl and Countess.

53. An Act to vacate an Agreement made the tenth Day

of July, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight,

between the most Noble William late Duke of Portland,

deceased, and Margaret Cavendilhe Duchess of Portland,

then his Wife, but now his Widow, and the Right

Honourable Thomas Lord Foley, also deceased, concern-

ing a Building Lease to be granted to the said Lord

” Foley 1 of a Parcel of Land, in the Parish of Mary bone,

in the County of Middlesex; and to establish and render

' effectual another Agreement, dated the thirtieth Day of

January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven,

concerning the Premisses.

44. An Act to enable Henry Duke of Buecleugh, a Minor,

to make a Settlement on his intended Marriage with the

Lady Elizabeth Montagu.

05. An Act for exchanging Part of the settled Estates of

IVUloughby Earl of Abingdon, in the County of Wilts,

for another Estate of greater Value, in the County of

Berks, to be settled in lieu thereof, and for other rur-

poses therein mentioned.

56. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Sir Nigel

Grejley, Baronet, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees

' to be sold, to raise Money for the Payment of Debts,

and other Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An Act for vetting several undivided Estates, late of

John Bennett Esquire, deceased, and Ann Spencer Widow,

in the Counties of Surry, Kent, and Middlesex, inTruf-

' tees, in order to effect a Partition between the said jinn

Spencer and the Devisees named in the Will of the said

John Bennett.

58. An Act for confirming a Lease, or Grant, made by

the Honourable Louisa Barbara Manfell, foie Daughter

and Heir of the Right Honourable Bujjy Lord Manfell

1 deceased (now the Honourable Louisa Barbara Vernon,

Wife of the Honourable George Penables Vernon) to

' Chcuncy Tow nfend Esquire, for certain Purposes therein

expressed, or to grant a new Lease thereof.

*.£9. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates in the County

Palatine of Lancaster, settled upon the Marri.ige of

. Fleetwood Hfleet h Esquire, with Frances his Wife, in

Trustees to be loid ; and for applying the Money arising

from such Sale in paying off* divers Debts and Incum-

brances affecting the lame-, and for other Purposes

: therein mentioned •, and also for substituting, in lieu

thereof, a certain Estate in the said County called Burne,

c lately pure hafcd by the said Fleet wood Hefketh.

60. An Act for vtfting Part of the Estate of John Talbot

the younger Esquire, settled on his Marriage, in Truf-

tees, for raising a further Sum of Money, for dif-

charging Debts ami Incumbrances.

6t. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and

Common F ields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds,

within the Manor and Parish of Newton, in the County

l>f Lincoln.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Fens, and other Commonable

Places, within the Parish of Donington, in the County of

Lincoln, and for draining and improving the farre.

63. An Act for divining and incloiin^ certain Open Lands

and Grounds, in the Parish of // Gotten, in the County

of Lincoln.

6-j. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Arable

Fields, Moors, and Commons, in the Parishes of Langton

and Woodall, in the County of Lincoln.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-

mon Fields, and unclosed Meadows, in the Parish of

Ailestone, in the County of Leicester.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds,

Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the

Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Shalflone, in the County

of Bucks.

67. An Act to enable John Fleming Esquire, lately called

John Willis, and his issue, to take and use the Surname

and Arms of Fleming only, pursuant to a Settlement

made by Richard Fle?ning Esquire, deceased.

68. An Act for discharging divers Manors, Rectory, Mel^

fuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of

the Right Honourable Richard Earl of Scarbrough, by

him settled on his Marriage with the Right Honourable

Barbara Countess of Scarbrough, from the Uses and

Trusts of the said Settlement, and for settling other Ma-

nors, Lands, and Tenements, of greater Value, in lieu

thereof, to the like Uses.

69. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Sir

John Dixon Dyke Baronet, lying in the Counties of

Oxford, Suflsex, and Kent, in Trustees, in Trust to be

fold for raising Money to discharge a Mortgage Debt,

affecting other Paits of the said settled Estates.

70. An Act for vesting divers Leasehold Houses, late of

Haydock Hill, decealed, in Trustees, to be sold, and

converted into Money, to be applied, together with

other Part of his Personal Estate, for the Benefit of his

Children intitled to the fame, by virtue of his Will ;

and for confirming a Sale, Leases, and Contract, made

by his Widow ind Executrix, of other Parts of his

Estate, for the Benefit of his said Children.

71. An Act for Sale of the Real Estate of TojnhhJin

Cooper, and Ann his Wife, and for laying out the Mo-

ney, arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of other

Lands and Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the said

Tomkinfon Cooper, and Ann his Wife.

72. An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments

in the Parish of Hilborough, in the County of Norfolk^

the Estate of Deborah Bunting, the Widow and Relict

of Edward Bunting Clerk, deceased, and Edward Bunt-

ing, her Infant Son, by the said Edward Bunting Clerk,

in T'ruftees, to convey the fame to Ralph Caudivell

Esquire, and his Heirs, and for securing the Money to

be paid for the fame.

73. An Act fur Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Mat-

thew Henry JVitham Esquire, in the County of York, for

the discharging the Debts and Incumbrances thereon,

and for other Purposes therein expressed.

74. An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to

order so much of the Personal Estate of George Mlnchin,

deceased, as now (lands in the Name of the Accountant

General of the said Court, to he transferred and paid to

Paul Minchin and Henrietta Minzhin, the only Children

of the said George Minchin, without their giving any

Security to refund, the fame.

75. An

