376 C. 49. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Members voting the said Companies, required to be administered to, or taken by the Members intitled to vote in the

febc*kiCredCun’ General Courts of the said Companies respectively, at or before giving their Votes, shall, from and after

Scathe said first Day of Auguftf one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, be altered in such Manner, as

^juiied by this to extend to, and comprise the further Qualification required by this Act, in respect of the Continuance

Act, and taken of the Possession of such Stock as aforesaid; and that the said Oaths and Affirmations, so altered as afore*

accordingly. said, shall, from and after the said first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, be

severally and respectively administered to, and taken by the Members of such Companies, in the Place of

those heretofore required to be administered and taken.

III. And forasmuch as no Part of the Business transacted by the General Courts of the said Companies

can be of more Importance to the general and lading Interest of the Companies themselves, or to the

Preservation of Publick Credit, so closely connected with that Intered, than what concerns the fixing;

from time to time, of the Dividends to be made out of the Profits and Produce of their Joint Stocks among

the several Proprietors having Shares therein: And forasmuch as the Provisions hitherto made have not

been found sufficient to prevent many great and dangerous Irregularities being practised in relation to the

making of sudden and unwarrantable Alterations in the Rates of such Dividends: Be it therefore enacted

N« Declaration by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and

of a Dividend to sixty-seven, no Declaration of a Dividend shall be made by any General Court of any of the said Com-

*mfnlbfi u- Panies, other than one of the Half-yearly or Quarterly General Courts, at the Distance of five Calendar

yearly or Quar- Months at the lead from the last preceding Declaration of a Dividend; and that no Declaration of more

teriyGeneral than one Half-yearly Dividend shall be made by one General Court; and that no Question upon any

Coum, at 5 Proposition for increasing the Rate of the Dividend, shall be decided otherwise than by Ballot, to be taken

Months Distance at the Distance of three entire Days, at the least, from the Adjournment, or Breaking up of the General

cedtog^cu? Court, in which such Question shall have been proposed.

*ion 5 and for no more than the Half Year. And no Question for a proposed Increase of Dividend to be decided, but by Ballot taken 3 Pays after breaking of

of the Court.

Publick Act. IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to

be a Publick Act; of which Notice shall be judicially taken by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons

whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for regulating certain Proceedings of the General Courts of the United Company of

Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Preamble.

WHEREAS it must, at all Times, be of the utmost Importance to the Interest and Welfare of

the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, that the Power of

declaring Dividends upon the Stock of the said Company, verted in their General Courts, should be duly

4 exercised; and that no Determination should ever be made or take place in respect of any such Divi*

4 dend, without a full and fair Opportunity given to the Proprietors at large to exercise the Right of

4 taking such Part in every such Determination as they are intitled to by Law: And whereas it is at this

4 Time become peculiarly necessary to secure, at all Events, as well the permanent Interest of the said

Company, as the State of Credit both Private and Publick, from the Mischiefs which must ensue from an

improper and improvident Increase of the Dividends of the said Company; which cannot be effectually

done without the Interposition of Parliament:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That no Dividend shall be made by the said Company, for or in respect of any

Time subsequent to the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, other-

wife than in pursuance of a Vote or Resolution parted by way of Balloting in a General Court of the said

Company, which shall have been summoned for the Purpose of declaring a Dividend; and of the Meeting

of which General Court for such Purpose seven Days Notice at the least shall have been given in Writing,

fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London.

Court summoned for the Purpose, and 7 Days Notice given of the Meeting;

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any General

Court of the said Company, at any Time between the eighth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred

and sixty-seven, and the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament, to declare or resolve upon any In-

crease of Dividend beyond the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, being the Rate at which the

Dividend for the Half Year, ending the twenty-fourth Day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and

Beginning of the ^xty-seven, is made payable,

next Session of Parliament.

No Dividend to

he made for any

Time subsequent

to 24 June,

1767, but in

pursuance of a

Vote, &c. car-

ried upon a Bal-

lot in a General

nor Increase of

Dividend, be-

yond 101. per

Cent, to be ie«

solved on, be-

tween S May,

1767, and the

jmr Balloting III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ballotting upon any Question pro-

uponany Ques- posed in any General Court of the said Company, relative either to the Declaration of a Dividend, or to

tion to take any other Matter whatsoever, shall be begun within a less Space of Time than eight Hours after the Ad-

than k Hours joumment, or Breaking up, of the General Court in which it shall have been determined that such

breaking Question should be decided by Ballotting; and that in no Cafe the Ballotting shall be begun at a later

5 Hour

