A.D. 1770.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

C. 18, 19. 669

this Act, (hill and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any

other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Cafe shall happen; videlicet,

E it remembered. That oh the

Day of

our Lord AB is convicted before us

c Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of

c Time and Place when and where the fame was committed, as the Cafe shall he)

in the Year of Form CoQ~

of Hisl,on-

(Specifying the Offence, and the

Per fons a ggrieved

may appeal to

the Quaner-fefli-

14 Dnyr Notice

of Appeal to be

given.

Justices to hear,

determine,

and award Cortf.

Their Determi-

nation to be final^

and not to be re-

moved by Cer-

tiorari.

4 Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year aforesaid/

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself orherfelf aggriev-

ed by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the

next General Quarter-session of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Com-

plaint shall arise, and within Four Days after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen; such Appel-

lant giving, or causing to be given. Fourteen Days Notice at lead, in Writing, of his or her Intention to

bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Persons whose Acts are complained against; and,

within Two Day s after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such

County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and

to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by, the Justices at such Quarter-session: And the said Justices at such

Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance,

shall hear and finally determine the causes anJ Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such

Costs to the Parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the De-

termination of such Charter-sessions shall be hnal, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes; and

no Order made concerning any of the Matters a orefaid, or any other Proceedings to be had, touching the

Convidtionor Convictions of any Offender against this AS, shall be quashed for want of Form, or be

removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty’s Courts of Re-

cord at WestminjUr

i

CAP. XIX.*

An Act for better Preservation of the Game within that Part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS the Game hath of late been much destroyed, at improper Seasons, in that Part

Great Britain called England: For remedying thereof. May it please Your most Excellent Majes- roe Gco'3* c*

4 ty, that it may be enabled; and ’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the 99 9‘

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One£f*rJp£*»

thousand seven hundred and seventy, if any Person or Persons shall wilfully, upon any Pretence whatsoever, jailing Sny Hare,

take, kill, ordestroy any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor Game, Heath Game, or Groufe, in the Night, *c. betwecnSuuI

between One Hour after Sun-setting, and One Hour before Sun-rifin<p or use any Gun, Dog, Snare, frying and Sun-

Net, or other Engine for taking, killing, or destroying any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor Game,

Heath Game, or Groufe, in the Night as aforesaid, and shall be convicted thereof upon the Oath or Oaths uf^J0T due"

of One or more credible Witness or Witness'es, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, for Aroying Game 5

any County, Riding, Division or Place; every such Person shall, for the first Offence, be committed to for ift Offence,

the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Main prize, for any Time nott0 be imprisoned

exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than Three Calendar Months: And if any Person, having been than*

once convicted of such Offence, shall afterwards be guilty of the like Offence, and be thereof convicted in For oth^OffVa.

Manner aforesaid; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, be committed to the Common Gaol, «es not Mi than

or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Twelve Six Months;

Calendar Months, nor less than Six Calendar Months; and shall also, within Three Days from the Time so[[ach ,to bt

of his Commitment, either for the first or any other Offence, be once publickly whipped in the ^lc

Town where such Gaol or House of Correction shall be, between the Hours of Twelve and One of the p

Clock in the Day.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Offendersm»9on- 1

Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, if any Person or Persons shall, upon a Sunday, <Uv, uting a Gun

any HareA Pheasant, ^Partridge, Moor Game, Heath Game, or Grouic, °S In8in5foT dc~

ftro)ingGame,

take, kill, or destroy, ,

or shall upon a Sunday use any Gun, Dog, Snare, Net, or other Engine for taking, killing, or

destroying any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor Game, Heath Game, or Groufc; every such

Person, being convicted thereof upon the Oath or Oaths of any One or more credible Witness or Wit-

nesses, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division, or Place, on Convictlnn

shall foifeic and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds, as to such to forfeit 20J.

Justice or Justices shall seem meet: And in case such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice or to be levied by

Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, cause the fame to be D'rtrds, with

levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels* together with all Costs and Charges at-^1^’ >>d

tending such Distress and Sale; and the Forfeitures, when paid or recovered as aforesaid, shall be applied, in former and the

One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall p0cr.

have been committed; and in case no sufficient Distress can be had, such Justice or Justices shall commit For want of DiC.

the Offender to the Common Gaol or Huufe of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for t,ef#» Offender t#

any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than Three Calendar Months. becemmuud,

I III And,

.

