V6

General I Hue.

Treble Costs.

Puilick Aa.

Preamble.

Aa 31 Geo. II.

The free Impor-

tation of Cattle

from Ireland al-

lowed for the

Term of 7Years,

without Pay-

ment of Duties.

General I flue.

Treble Costs.

See farther c.20.

Preamble, recit-

ing several

Clauses in Act

12 An. St. z.

c. 16.

Aa 14 Geo. II.

c. 39.

C. 10, ir. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765;

and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Iffbc, and give this

A d, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thfereon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such.Ad ion or Suit; or if, upon a Verdict or Demurrer, Judge-

ment shall be given against: the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover

Treble Costs, and have such Remedies for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have in

any other Cafes where Costs are given.by Law.

XXXI. And be it further enactedd/the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged,

and taken, to be a public Ad, and jSll be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and

other Persons whatsoever, without fp^ially pleading the same.

->

0sA P. X.

' t-

An Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

c tT THEREAS an Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty YCxngGeorge

c VV the Second, intituled, An Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland for a limited Time^ is

4 near expiring ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That from and after the End of this Section of Parliament, the free Importation

of all Sorts of Cattle into this Kingdom from Ireland shall be, and is hereby permitted, allowed, and au-

thorized, for and during the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of

Parliament; and that all Persons shall be, and are hereby, exempted, freed, and discharged, from the Pay-

ment of all Subsidies, Customs, Rate#, Duties, or other Impositions, and also from all Penalties, Forfeitures*

Payments, and Puniftmients, for or on account of importing or bringing Cattle into this Kingdom from

Ireland; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced

against any Person or Persons for any thipg done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in

such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at'

any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act;

and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants.: -And if the

Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Adiion after the Defendant or Defendants shall h&ve atpear-

ed, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdidi or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or

Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs; and have the like Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant

or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law.

CAP. XI.

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her

late Majesty Queen xinne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person or

. Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of

Proposals made for discovering the Longitude.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty

c V V Queen Anney intituled, An Act for providing a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall dis-

ncover the Longitude at Seay the Commissioners therein named, or any five or more of them, have full

Power to hear and receive any Proposal or Proposals that shall be made to them for discovering the said

4 Longitude; and in case the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall be so far satisfied of

the Probability of any such Discovery, as to think it proper to make Experiments thereof, they shall

1 certify the fame, under their Hands and Seals, to the Commissioners of the Navy for the time being,

4 together with the Persons Names who are Authors of such Proposals; and, upon producing such Certi-

4 ficates, the said Commissioners arc hereby authorized and required to make out a Bill or Bills for any

4 such Sum or Sums of Money, not cxeccding two thousand Pounds, as the said Commissioners for the

Discovery of the said Longitude, or any five or more of them, shall think necessary for making the Experi-

4 ments, payable by the Treasurer of the Navy; which Sum or Sums the Trcafurerof the Navy is by the

4 said Act required to pay immediately, to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Commis-

4 (loners to make those Experiments, out of any Money that shall he in his Hands unapplied for the Use of the

4 Navy: And whereas, fora due and sufficient Encouragement to any such Person or Persons as shall discover

4 a proper Method for finding the said Longitude, it is likewise enacted by the said Act, that the first Author or

4 Authors, Discovereror Discoverers, of any such Method, his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns,

4 shall be intitled to, and have such Reward, as in the said Act is particularly mentioned: And whereas by

4 another Act of Parliament made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

4 Second, intituled, An Act for surveying the Chief Ports and Head Lands on the Coa/ls of Great Britain and

4 Ireland, and the Islands and Plantations thereto belongings in order to the more exact Determination of the Lon-

4 gitude and Latitude thereof it was enacted, That the said Commissioners for discovering the said Longi-

4 tude, or any Five or more of them, should have full Power to apply such Part of the said Sum of two

4 thousand Pounds, mentioned in the said first recited Act, as had not then been laid out in Experiments,

6 4 as

