fame yearly to

the Clerks of

the Peace, with

such other Par-

ticulars as are

2i2 C. 30. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 176

4 ami no Deputy Lieutenant^ {hould be appointed to certify as aforesaid, then the Clerk of the Peace for

• each County, Riding, or Place, should make such Certificate as aforesaid *, and the said Act contains several

4 Directions for enforcing the Payment of the said five Pounds per Man, by such Counties or Places where

• the Militia have not been raised or shall not continue to be raised, in pursuance of the said Acts: And

4 whereas the said several Acts have been found defective and ineffectual, and notwithft inding theDire&ion

4 therein, several of the Counties, within that Part of Great Britain called E'^land, have neither raised any

4 Militia, nor paid the said five Pounds per Man, per Annum, according to the Directions of the said several

4 Acts, whereby they avoid contributing equally to the Suppor t of Government with such Counties as

4 have raised and trained the Militia in Compliance with the Directions of the said Acts : And whereas it

4 is jult nnd reasonable that all his Majesty’s Subjects should contribute equally to the Support of his Ma-

4 jesty’s Government, and the Defence ofthefe Kingdoms be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore-

$0 much c.rthe said,. That so much of the said several in Part recited Acts as directs the said Certificates to he made by

his Majesty’s Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants, or Clerks of the Peace, where the Militia hath not

c^tcs to be made been r:,'Rd in pursuance of the said Acts, and the Time of making such Certificate, shall be, and the fame

by the Uieuie- is hereby declared to be, repealed.

n 'nrs, Drputy

Lieuts. or Clerks of the Peace, where the Militia hath not been raised, Scc. is repealed.

Where the Mill- XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty’s Lieutenant, or three

ihaaVATife/1^ Deputy Lieutenants, for every County, Riding, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called Englandr

- the Lieuts. or* where the Militia lias been or shall have been raised, (hai, yearly and every Year, on or befoFe ther

Dep.Lieuts.arc twenty-fifth Day of December, certify to the Clerk of the Peace of every County, Riding* or Place

to certify the respe<5ti vely, that the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, hath been raised; and when, and at

what Time the fame was first raised ; the Number and Rank of Officers, and the Number of Private Meft

of the Militia, in the Year when such Certificate is made; and the respective Times of such Militia

being trained and exercised in the Year in which such Certificate is made; which Certificate shall be by

the Clerk of the Peace, who shall receive the same, delivered to the Justices of the Peace at their General

hrrementioned; Quarter Sessions to be held next after the twenty-fifth Day of December in- every Year, on the Day

a^cVo deTve!^* on which such Sessions shall be opened ; and shall file the fame amongst the Records ofTuch Sessions*

the fame to*he f^at true State of the Militia in each County may appear.

Justices at their General Quarter Sessions, and file them among the Records of such Sessioni:

And where no XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every County, Riding, or Place, Whereiit

IvCi! calCj no fl,ch Certificate from his Majesty’s Lieutenant, or three Deputy Lieutenants, shall be delivered to

from theViTut. t‘ie Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, that the Clerk of the Peace of every such County, Riding, or Place,

or Up. Lieu s. shall, and is hereby required, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held next after the

the ckrks of the twenty-fifth Day of December in such Year, to certify under his Hand and Seal, to the Justices of thp

Pcjcc aretocer- Pence so assembled at their said General Quarter Sessions, on the Day such Sessions shall be opened, that

1 he hid Seftiofw hath not received from his Majesty’s Lieutenant of the said County, Riding, or Place", or any three

a. d file such°n* Deputy Lieutenants thereof, any such Certificate as is herein befbre directed to be by them made ; and such'

Certificates; Clerk of the Peace is hereby directed to file such Certificate amongst the Records of such Sessionsw

XXII. And it is hereby enaiSfcd, That in every County, Riding, and Place, in which no such Certi-

ficate shall be made by his Majesty’s Lieutenant, or three Deputy Lieutenants, in Manner herein before

and the Jtiftices directed, and the fame shall be certified by the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace

* LfbcriCUp0nl° 0^ everV such County, Riding, or Place, shall, and they are hereby required, at their said General Quarter

Man uron such SeOion of the Peace to be held next after the twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year, to rate and

Coun»y or*pi-.ee, ^ffefs the Sum of five Pounds per Man upon such County, Riding, or Place, in such and the fame Man-

ner, according to such and the fame Proportions upon evety 'Town, Parish, and Place, within each

to lx* levin a^d respectn e County, Riding, or Place, to be colle£teJ, levied, received, and accounted for, in such Manner,

accoutred i'oi « 2nd by such Means, as the County Rates have been usually, or may, by an Act made in the twelfth

the Cum.tv Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 4 An Act for the more easy

collecting, and levyin;, the County Rates ;* or by the AiSts of the second, fourth, *nd fifth

Jr ac\s a, 4,Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for explaining, amending, and enforcing, the several Laws relating

5 Geo. 3/ ’ to the Railing and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; be assessed,

thsfaijcollected, levied, received, and accounted for; which said Payment of five Pounds fer Man shall be, and

»o be in full I).f- is hereby declared to be, in full Discharge for the Neglcel and Failure of not having raised and trained

terNe- the Militia for such County, Riding, or Place, for the Year then next preceding; and the Treasureror

Treasurers of the County, Riding, or Place, who shall receive the said five Pounds Man, is and are

iJj iheM l.tii. hereby required to pay the fame to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding, or

n reafnier of the Place, within one Calendar Month after he or they shall have received the fame; and the respetftive

Count/1> pjy Receivers General of the Land Tax shall give a Receipt for the fame to the Person paying such Money,

whole Rereipt shall he a sufficient Discharge for such Payment; and shall, within ten Days after the

Receipt of such Sum and Sums of Money, certify such Receipt to the Lord High Treasurer, or the

Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury for the time being, and shall pay the Tame into the Receipt

r«c ipt thereof of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and in the same Manner as he is required to pay in the Taxes or Duties,

to the Treasury, commonly called The Land Tax^

1 ^3v over the

aej iuo die Ejuhcqjisr.

XXIII. Pro-

the PI >n *y to

t R< ccivtr

C'ii cmI ; who

to cert ;fy th*:

