as were tifually

paid before 2 g

Sept. J 7 64..

Penalty en ex-

aifljrg greater

Fees.

Application

tl.crccf.

Prein-blr, re-

citing 29

CrCU. 11. C. I5.

Act 29 Geo. a.

for granting

Bounties on Ex-

portation ot

certain Linens,

JLc.

further con-

tinued tiil 24

June, 177S ;

except whrre al-

tered by this Act.

Bo •intyon rertain

British checqmd

or drip • 1 Liner.s

opened j

fubi'ft to the

I'rov lions ot

Ad 29 Ceo t.

l.mrn of above

l?.6d. \ct Vaul,

en?e*fd as i- ti

rted to Btunty,

C. 37, 38. Anno decimo Georgii IIL A. D. 1770.

and sixty-four ; and shall have like Remedy for the fame according to the true Intent and Meaning of the

said recited Act ; any Law, Bye-law, or other Act of Assembly made in said Plantations, to the contrary

notwithstanding: And if any such Collector, Comptroller, or other Officer of His Majesty’s Customs, or

Naval Officer, in America, shall exabl, require, or receive any greater or other Fees than such as are herein

before allowed to be taken, he shall, for the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; one Moiety

of which Penalty shall be to his Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person or

Persons aggrieved thereby, who shall sue for the same in the proper Court in such Colony or Plantation ;

and ferthe Second Offence, he shall forfeit his Place or Office, and be for ever after incapable of executing

any Office or Employment in the Customs or Navy.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for continuing the Bounties on British and Irish Linens exported ; for further difeon-

tinuing the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and

for granting a Bounty on the Exportation of British checqued and striped Linens, and upon

British and Irish Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Linen of above a certain

Breadth.

4 \X7 HEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year’of His late Majesty King George

4 VV the Second, intituled. An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species oj British and Irish Linens

4 exported, and taking off the Duties on the Iniportation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, it is enact-

4 cd. That there (Lll begiten and paid, without any Fee, Reward, or Dedublion whatsoever, a Bounty

4 for every Yard of British or Irish Linens made of Hcmf> or Flax, and of the Breadth of Twenty-five

4 Inches or more, under the Value of Five-penceper Yard, the Sum of One Halfpenny ; and of the Value

4 of Five-pence per Yard, and under the Value of Sixpence per Yard, the Sum of One-penny; and of the

4 Value of Sixpence per Yard, and not exceeding the Value of Eighteen-pence per Yard, the Sum of One

4 Penny Halfpenny ; which, from and after the T wenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred

4 and fifty-six, and within the Term of Fifteen Years, to commence from the said Twenty-fourth Day of

4 June, or at any Time thereafter before the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be exported

4 out of Great Britain to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gib? altar, the Island of Minorca, or to the Eojl

4 Indies: And it is further enabled, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day o {June, no Subfiby,

4 Custom, Rate, Duty, or other Imposition whatsoever, should be demanded, collected, received, or taken

4 upon any Raw or Brown Linen Yarn made of Flax, and know n by the Names of Dutch Yarn, and French

4 Yarn, and of Spruce or AJujcovia Yarn, or any other foreign Raw or Brown Linen Yarns made of Flax,

4 which shall be imposed into this Kingdom ; but that all such Linen Yarns shall and may be imported

4 Duty-free for the Space of Fifteen Years from the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, or at any Time

4 thereafter before the F nd of the then next Session of Parliament; any former Law, Statute, or Act or A his

4 of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding : And whereas the Manufacture of Linen would be ilill

4 further improved, and the Exportation thereof to foreign Parts be preserved and considerably increased,

4 if the Bounties by the said Act granted, and herein before recited, were continued, and the Duties on

4 the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax raken off for a further T erm of Years, and

4 if a Bounty was allowed on the Exportation of all British checked and iiriped Linen of a certain Value :

4 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enabled ;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Ex-

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 'Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the

Twenty-ninth of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 4 An Act for granting a bounty

4 upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported : and taking off the Duties on the Importation

4 of foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, and the Bounties thereby allowed ; and the taking off the

4 Duties on the Importation of the foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax shall be, and the lame are

hereby continued, under all the Clauses, Conditions, and Limitations of the said Abl, until the Twenty-

fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament, except in so far as the same are altered and extended by this pr.sent

Abl in Manner as herein after mentioned ; any Thing in the herein before recited Abt to the contrary

notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be given and paid, w ithout

any Fee, Reward, or Deduction whatsoever, a Bounty for every Yard of British checked or striped Linen

of the Breadth of Twenty-five Inches or more and not exceeding One Shilii. g and Sixpence and not un-

der Seven-pence in Value per Yard the Sum of One Halfpenny, which, from and after the Twenty-

fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and within the Term of Seven

Years to commence from the said Twenty-fourth Day of June last mentioned, and from thence to con-

tinue to the End of the then next Session of Parliament immediately following the Expiration of the said

additional Term of Seven Y ears, shall be exported out of Great Britain to Afncay America, Spain, Portu-

gal, Gibraltar, the Island of Minorca, pr the East Indies; in the same Manner, and under the like Provi-

fions. Conditions, and Limitations, as the herein before recited Bounties were allowed by the said Act of

the Twenty-ninth Year of His late Majesty, and continued under this present Act.

HI. And be ic further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if, upon View and Examination by the

proper Officeisof the Customs it shall appear, that all or any Piece or Pieces of checked and fti iped Linen,

which shall be entered for Exportation as intitled to the Bounty hereby granted, is or are of a greater V alue

than

