A.D. 1769.

Anno nono Georgii III.

C. 13, 14- J39

XLIX. Provided always, ancfbe it fur.ber enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her,. Person*

or themselves, aggrieved by the said Rates or Afl'effments directed to be made for the Purposes of this Act,

he, she, or they, shall nevertheless be obliged to pay all such Rates and AflelTments; but such Person or C

Persons may afterwards appeal to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, at any of their

Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, who are hereby authorised and required to take Cognizance

thereof, and to hear and determine the fame: and in case any Person or Persons shall be dissatisfied with

any thing done by the Commissioners, or by any Justiceor Justices in pursuance of this Act, he, (he, or

they, may afterwards appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Sessions of the

Peace holden in and for the City and Liberty of Ji^ejiminster^ or County of Midafefex\ or in case the

said cause of Complaint shall arise within Fourteen Days next before such General Quarter Sessions of

the Peace, then such Appeal may be made to the said TulFiccs at the Second General Quarter Sessions of the

Peace to be holden in and for the said City and Liberty of Westminsier, or County of Middlesex, whp

are hereby authorisedand required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complain^

of any such Person in a summary Way, and, if they fee Cause, may, by Order of such Sessions, miti-

cate at their Discretion all or any of the Penalties aforjfaid, or vacate and set alide the Conviction, and

let the Party at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame, with such Costs as to them shall

fcein returnable, and to make such Orders and Judgements in regard to the Premises as they shall think (it;

but the Person so appealing shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Com-*

miiiioners of his or her Intention of bringing such Appeal Ten Days before the said Quarter Sessions.

L. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender Procfeamp not

or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transadled in or £

relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quafticd for want of Form only i any Law or om'

Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. And be it futther enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person for any Limitin'®* of

Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be given in Writing

to the Clerk for the Time being of the Commissioners constituted by this Act, or after sufficient Satisfaction

or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next

after the Fadt committed for which such Action or Act ions. Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every

such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County of Midd.esex, and not elsewhere; and the

Defendant and Defendants in such Actions or Suits, and every of them, may plead the General KTue, Gcnc

and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall he had there-

upon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought,

*as done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the Lid Matter or Thing shall appear to

have beenfo done; or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one bays

Notice given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such

Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in

any other County or Place than as aforesaid; that then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or

Defendants therein: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be*-

come Nonsuited, or suffer a Discoiuinuance of such Action or Adticms,; or if Judgement shall be

given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, such De-

fendant or Defendants shall ha\e Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any TrebleCoftt.

Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any other Cafes by Law.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, an4Publick A^#

tiken to be a Publick Act, and be judicial] v taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other

Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Par- $« 10 Ceo. UI*;

liament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Mojejiy by a Land Tax, to be raised /»C, S3*

Great Britain, for the Service of the 7ear One thoufavd seven hundred and Jixtynine 5 and for

securing and preserving Duplicates of Assesshicnts, and other Papers relating to the Land

Tax.

€ \K7 HEREAS many Difficulties and Inconveniencies have arisen, and dill frequently happen to

^ the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the Time being, upon the Death or Removal of

4 their respective Clerks, into whose Custody the Duplicates of the several Books of Assessments, Minute

4 Books, and other Books and Papers relating to the Business of the Land Tax in their respective Divi-

4 (ions have been delivered; such Clerks so removed, or the Executors, Administrators, or other legal

4 Representatives, of such Clerk so dying, frequently refusing to deliver over such Duplicates, Books,

and Papers, to the said Commissioners for the Time being, or to their Order or Appointment, under a

4 Pretence that the said Commissioners have no Property in the fame, and are without Remedy for Re-

4 covpy thereof ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Duplicates

Z z z 2 of

Go

