180 C. 24.

Anno sexto Georgii III.

A. I>. 1766.

Limitation of

AltioAS.

Treble Costs.

Certain Penalties

in the former

Act repealed.

When juAices Act, shall be totally paid off and discharged, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace

may increjfe or for the said Weft Riding, at their General Quarter Sessions held next after Midsummer yearly, to make

Rates. Orders for the increasing or diminishing the Rates or Duties to be paid for measuring, (tamping, and seal-

ing of Cloth, so as the lame shall never exceed the several Rates or Duties herein before, or by the said

former Act, directed to be paid for the fame.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority laforesaid. That if any Suit or Action shall be

commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any thing done or to be done in pursuance of

this Act, every such Suit or Action shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast

committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid, brought, and tried, in the County of York, and notelfe-

Cencral Issue. where; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Suits or Actions shall and may plead the General Issue,

and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the

fame was done in pursuance of, and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to be so done;

or if any such Suit or Action shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall

be brought in any other County or Place, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants:

And upon such Verdict; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs iball become Nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or

their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer, Judgement

shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recoverTreble

Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in

other Cafes by Law.

XXVil. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That all the Penalties and For-

feitures which any Measurer, Searcher, or Supervisor, can or may be subject or liable to, by virtue of

or under the said former Act, for falsely stamping any Cloth two Inches in Breadth and one Yard in Length,

or which any Inspector or Supervisor may be subject to for neglecting to give Information to a Justice of

the Peace, where Cloth shall be found falsely stamped, by any Mealurer or Searcher, or which any Person

or Persons may thereby be subject to for taking off, altering, counterfeiting, defacing, obliterating, or

cutting out any Seal or Seals, or for overftretchine or draining any Cloth, or for having Cloth in their

Custody overstretched or drained, or without the Seajs by the said Act ordered to be affixed thereon, or

with such Seals altered, counterfeited, defaced, or obliterated, or with the Name and Place of Abode of

the Maker cut out or altered, or for using Cards made with Wire, in the dreffingof Cloth, so as the fame

be fine Hatters Cards, and used upon the Tenters only; shall, fromi And after the twenty-fourth Day of

June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, be, and they are hereby repealed, revoked, annulled, and

made and declared to cease and be void and of noneEffeft: Ahd no Merchant, Cloth-buyer, Cloth-maker,

Cloth-dresser, Measurer, Inspector, Searcher, or Supervisor, or other Person, shall, from and after the said

twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, be subject to, or affected by, or be

prosecuted for or upon account of any such Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, by Reason or on Account or

Pretence of any of the Offences, Misdemeanors, Matters, or Thing*, herein last before recapitulated,

mentioned, and expressedj except as aforesaid, and other than by virtue and under the Authority of this

present Act.

XXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That alt the Clauses, Provisions, Matters,

wpTa'led to Ton- anc* Things, in the said former Act contained, other than and except so far forth as the fame or any of

tinuc ia*Force." them respectively are revoked, repealed, altered, amended, or otherwise explained, by the Force, Ef-

fest, and Operation of this present Act, shall be, Remain, and continue in full Force and Virtue, as fully

and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enacted in and by

iViblkkAft# this present Act. And also, That this Act shall be taken and deemed to be a Publick Act; and all

Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially

pleading the same. ’

CAP. XXIV.

Claufai In the

An Act for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southward and

certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleaning, lighting, and watching,

the fame; and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages, adjoining thereto; and for

preventing Annoyances therein.

frreamMe.

Sec 7 Geo.

** 37*

3*

WHEREAS the several Streets and Lanes within the Parishes of Saint George, Saint Saviour, Saint

Olave, Saint John, and Saint Tljomas, and the Parts of the Parishes of Saint Mary Newington, and

4 Saint Mary Alagdalcn Bermondsey, which are called Blackman Street, Kent Street, Bermondsey Street, and a

4 Street called Snow's Fields, all in and near the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrtj,

are in general very ill paved and cleansed, and are not duly lighted and watched: And whereas the pre-

4 sent Methods prescribed by Law, for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the said Streets, Lanes, and Places,

4 are inefficient for those Purposes: And whereas if Power was given to new pave and regulate the said

4 Streets and Lanes, and to maintain and preserve the Pavement thereof for the future, and to cleanse, light,

and watch, the fame , and also the several Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, communicating

with or adjoining to the fame, and to remove all Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and to prevent

the fame for the future; it would tend greatly to the Safety, Preservation, and Advantage, of the In-

4 habitants of the said Streets, and other Places, and be of publick Utility :* May it therefore please your

Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the

