^ 10 0» ^ 2*

Anno feptimo Georgii IIL

A.D. 1767.

the said Port of Saint Ives, shall, at any Time after the said twenty-fourth Day of July^ one thousand fevea

hundred and sixty-seven, give or make out any Cocquet or other Discharge, or take any Report outwards

for any Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, or permit any Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, to go out of the said Port

('except that Part thereof known by the Name of Bajfet’s Cove, or Portreath Harbour aforesaid) until the

Master or Ownfcr, or other Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of such Ship, Bark, or other

Vessel, shall produce a Certificate from the Collector or Collectors, to be appointed in pursuance of this

Act, that the Rates and Duties by this Act granted are paid, or secured to be paid ; which said Certificate

the said Collector or Collectors is and are hereby required to give without Fee or Reward : And that

any Collector, Customer, Collector of his Majesty’s Customs, Comptroller, Receivers of Entries, or Ships

Surveyor or Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs whatsoever, making Default in any of the

Premises injoined by this Act, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds ; to be recovered by Action

of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein

no Efloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance ; one Moiety

of such Forfeiture to be to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall prosecute, sue for, and recover the

fame; and the other Moiety thereof to be paid inta the Hands of the said Trustees, or to such Person or

Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall direct, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to.

extend, to charge any of the Ships or Vessels of War belonging to his present Majesty, his Heirs or Suc-

ceflors, with any the Duties granted by this Act; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof

in any wise notwithstanding.

XlA. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Part of the Rates and Duties hereby granted shall

be collected or levied, until the Sum of two thousand Pounds shall have been agreed to be subscribed or

advanced upon the Credit and for the Purposes mentioned in this Act; any Thing herein contained to the

contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That if, at the Expiration of three Years from the

Commencement of this Act, there shall not be a proper and sufficient Pier erected of at lead twenty

Fathoms in Length, and also a convenient Pool or Bason completed, with a Depth of Water of at lealt

sixteen Feet pt Spring Tides, for the safe and commodious Reception and Protection of forty Ships or

other Vessels at the fame Time of the Burthen of eighty Tons each ; then, and in such Cafe, after Repay-

ment of the Money borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and all Interest due thereupon, all Rates and

Duties payable by this Act shall absolutely tceafe, determine, and be discontinued, until the said Pier be

erected, and the said Bason completed in Manner aforesaid.

XXI. And, to the Intent the said Rates and Duties imoofed by this Act may be more effectualLy col-

lected and levied, be it further enacted. That in case any Owner or Matter, or other Person, having the

Rule or Command of any Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, charged or

chargeable with the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, shall refuse to pay the fame ; then, and in such

' Cafe, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and their Successors, or such Person or Persons as

they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to be their Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, or any

or either of them, from time to time, to go on board such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, to demand, collect,

and receive, the fame; and for Nonpayment thereof, to take and distrain every such Ship or Vessel, and

all her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, or all or any Part of the

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, chargeable with the said Rates and Duties, or in respect whereof such

Rates and Duties shall be payable as aforesaid, either on board such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, or on

Land, and the fame to detain until he or they be satisfied and paid the respective Rates and Duties; and

in case of any Neglect or Delay in Payment of the said Rates and Duties, for the Space of three Days after

any Distress or Dittrcfles, so taken as aforesaid, that then it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said

Trustees, and their Successors, and such Person or Persons as they shall appoint as aforesaid their Col-

lector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to cause the fame to be appraised by two or more fwornAp-

praifers, or other sufficient Persons, and afterwards to fell the said Distress or Distrefles, and therewith to

satisfy him or themselves, as well for and concerning the respective Rates and Duties so neelefted or

delayed to be paid, and for which such Distress or Distrefles shall be so taken as aforesaid, as also for his

or their reasonable Charges in taking, keeping, appraising, and felling, such Distress; rendering to the

Matter or other Person, having the Rule and Command of the Ship or Vessel, in, to, or from, which such

Distress shall be so taken or belong, the Overplus, if any there shall be.

p”fo"s ellJ^ing XXII. And be it further enacted. That if any Master, Commander, or Owner of any Ship, Bark, or

continuecharge. other Vessel, shall, at any Time after the Rates and Duties by this Act charged shall become payable,

elude or avoid the Payment thereof by any Method whatsoever; such Master, Commander, or Owner, of

such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, shall stand charged with and be liable to the Payment of the fame; and

the fame shall be recovered from such Master or Owner by the fame Method by which Fines and Penalties

imposed by this Act are herein after directed to be levied and recovered.

Person*obflrua- XXIII. And to the Intent that the Duties by this Act directed to be ascertained by the Tonngeof any

ingthc meafor. Ship, Bark, or other Vessel, may be truly ascertained and paid, be it further enacted. That in case the

Collector or Collectors of the said Duties, or such other Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any

two or more of therm shall nominate and appoint for that Purpose, and the Master or other Person having

Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel charged with the said Duty, cannot otherwise agree about

and adjnil the Tonage of any such Ship, Bark, or other Vessel ; that then, and so often, it shall and may

he lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, from time to

time, and nt all times convenient and feasonable, to enter into such Ship, Bark, or other VefleJ, and to

adraeafure

King’s Ships

exempt.

No Rate to be

collected till

20001. are

subscribed.

If the Pier, See.

ia riot complet-

ed in 3 Years,

Rates to cease.

Power of Dif-

tress for Non-

payment of

Ikate*.

ing of Ships, to

be fined.

CollectorSi to \

enter into and

xpcaljire Ships,

