747

A.D. 1776. Anno decinio Georgii III. C. 27.

/gents, orTreasurer of the said Navigation, within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the

Time that such supposed Injury or Damage shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof

shall have ceased.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, who, in any Examination to be Pen,t!‘”of

taken by virtue of this A cl, or of the said in Part recited Act, shall give false Evidence before the said td

Commissioners hereby appointed, or their Successors, or any Five or more of them,'" or before any Justices *

of the Peace, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame.; and upon Conviction thereof, shall be subje£t to

such and the fame Punishments and Disqualifications as any Person or Persons can or may be subject to,

for wilful and corrupt Perjury, by the Laws or Statutes ofjhis Realm.

XII. And for the better ascertaining theTonage of Timber and Wood, be it enacted and declared, *rsxr‘

That Fifty Feet of Round, or Forty Feet of Square Oak, Ash, or Elm, Timber; or Fifty Feet of Fir or amc

Deal, Poplar; or other Wood, shall be deemed, rated, and estimated as and for One Ton weight.

XIII. And, for the more easy collecting the said Tolls and Duties directed to be paid in and by the said

in part recited Act, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person having the Charge

of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel navigating upon the said River AW, wi .hin the Limits afore-

said, or onanvPart thereof (except as in the said in Part recited Act is excepted) shall give a just Account

in Writing, ngned.by the Master, Owner, or Person having the Rule or Command of every such Boat or

other Vessel, to the Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls or Duties, at the Place or Places where they

shall attend for that Purpose, of the Quantity, Quality, and Weight of the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Pen*Vy o*

and Commodities, which shall be in such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel; and in Failure of giving Neglect ;

such Account, or in case a false Account shall be given, the Owner or Owners of every such Boat, Barge,

Lighter, or other Vessel, shall forfeit to the said Commissioners, their Successors, or Assigns, the Sum of

Twenty Shillings for every Last of Grain, Chaldron of Coals, or Ton of Goods* which shall be in such

Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel respectively, of which such Account shall be so negleCted or refused

to be given, or of which such false Account shall be given, over and above the Tolls or Duties they arc-

obliged to pay for the fame ; and in case of Neglect, Kcfufal, or Denial of Payment on Demand of such

Forfeiture or Forfeitures above mentioned, or any Part thereof ; then, and in such Cafe, the fame shall be

recovered and levied in such Manner, and by such Methods, as the said Tolls or Duties granted in howto be levied

and by the said in part recited A£h are therein and herein before directed to be recovered and

levied.

XIV. And be it further enacted^ TKat if any Difference shall arise between any Collector of the said Difference* fee-

Tolls or Duties, and the Person having Charge of any Beat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, concerning tweciJ

the Quantity, Quality, or Weight of any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities contained there- * c"arge

in ; it shall and may be lawful for any such Collector, to flop and detain any such Boat, Barge, Lighter, Beau, how to be

or other Vessel, and to weigh, measure, or gauge, or cause to be weighed, measured, or gauged, all such adjucted.

Goods, Ware6. Merchandizes and Commodities, as shall be contained therein : And in case the said Goods,

Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities, shall,. upon such measuring, weighing, or gauging, ap-•

pear to be of greater Weight or Quantity, or other Quality than they were affirmed to be in Manner afore-

said; then the Owner or Owners, of every such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel so detained, shall

pay the Costs and Charges of such Weighing, Measuring, and Gauging; all which said Costs and Charges,

upon Refusal of Payment thereof upon Demand, shall and may be recovered and levied as the said Foils or

Duties are, in and by the said in part recited A&, and hereby appointed to be recovered and levied ; but if

such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, shall happen tobeof no great Quantity or Weight,

or of no other Quality than shall have been fp:*cified in such Account so to be given as aforesaid ; then such

Collector shall pay the Costs and Charges of such Weighing, Measuring, and Gauging, and shall also pay

to the Owner or Owners of such Boats or other Veffds so detained, and to the Owner or Owners of such

Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes so detained, such Damages as shall appear to the fiid Commissioners

hereby appointed, and their Successors, or any Five or more of them, oil the Oath of One or more credible

Witness or Witnesses, to have arisen from such Detention : And in Default of immediate Payment thereof

by the Colkclor, the fame shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Collector,

by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Norfclkr rendering

the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners thereof, after the said Payment, and Charges of such Dil-

tress and Sale, shall be deducted.

XV. And to the End that the Agreement and Deftre of the said Henry Spclmnn may be carried into Ex- OnPaymer: be-

«rcution, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately after the said Henry Spdman,in? H«

his Executors or Administrators, shall have paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, "ulm

the said Sum of One thousand three hundred and forty-five Pounds, and Five-pence, or so much thereof as, commissioneu.

in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, assembled as aforesaid, will an-

fwer the Purposes intended by this Act, all and every the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of the said in Tolstoi*

part recited Act, shall stand charged and chargeable with, and be a Security to, the said Henry Spelniart, chargeable *i n

his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, as well for the said Sum of One thousand three hundred and

forty-five Pounds, and Five-pence, or so much thereof as shall be so advanced as aforesaid, with Interest Anx* c*

after the Rate of Five Pounds Centum per Annum, to be calculated from the respective Times of advancing

the Lme, as for the afo:efaid respective Sums of Three thousand five hundred Pounds, and One thousand

one hundred and fifty-four Pounds, Nineteen Shillings, and Seven-pence, so due to him the find Henry

Spd. an \\s aforesaid, with Interest after Rate aforesaid, to be calculated from the Third Day of December%

One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine ; subject nevertheless to Redemption, on Payment of the said

Three several Sums and Interest to become due for the fame, by the said Commissioners and their Succd-

#or$, to the said Hury Spelman, his Executors, AdministratOfS, or Affiens,

5 C 2 " . XVI. And

