(

7$2

Once beforejC »s n<aJe

into Bricks.

S'eves nor to exceed a

^<uirt<*r of an Inch bc-

iwccn the Ma&tj.

Trertt to be urod only

in burning Bricks in

Clamps.

Bricks $ Inches and an

Half l^ng, 4 broad, and

2 and an Half thick,

This Act not to extend

*o Bricks made more

than 1 5 M;lcs from

London.

C. 49. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

Pentltics and Forfeitures arc directed to be recovered, levied, and applied by the said former Acts,

or this present Act.

.Persons in London, Ac, HI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this

T»me^nC, C eir hat Jny anc* maV lawful for any Person or Persons within the said City of London, and Li-

,r;he fame be tinned niits aforesaid, to dig or cause to be dug, at any Time in the Year, Brick-earth for the making of

Bricks, provided such Earth is turned Once before the fame is made into Bricks; any Thing in the

said recited Act of the Twelfth Year ef His late Majesty King George the First, to the contrary

thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Size of the Sieves or Screens

for sifting or fereening Sea Coal Ashes to be mixed with Brick-earth, in the making of Bricks,

shall not exceed one Quarter of an Inch between the Mashes of such Sieve or Screen \ any Thing^

in the said recited Acts, tr any of them, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for any Person or Persons whomsoever, to use Cinders (commonly called Breeze) only in the burn-

ing of Bricks in Clamps; any Thing in the said Act of the Third Year of his late Majesty to the

contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas the Dimensions of Bricks prescribed in and by "the said recited Acts, have

4 keen found inconvenient within the City of London, and Liberties and Suburbs thereof;’ be

exemptU Vim ^entity. further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall

and may be lawful to and for any Person or persons whatsoever, to make and burn Bricks within the

laid City and Limits, which, when burnt, shall not be less than Eight Inches and an half long, nor

l« fs than Four Inches broad, nor less than Two Inches and an Half thick: and that no Penalty

shall be incurred for or in respect of Bricks of the said Dimensions; any Thing in the said recited

Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIL Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed tb ex-

tend, to alter the Dimensions of Bricks prescribed in the said Act of the Twelfth Year of George

the First, which shall be made within any Part of England beyond the said Distance of Fifteen

Miles of the said City of London.

VIII. And whereas the Method of recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed in and by

the said Acts has been found inconvenient ;* be it enacted, That from and after the passing of

this Act, aH Penalties and Forfeitures by the said Acts inflicted or authorised to be imposed, shall

and may, upon Proof of the Offences respectively, and Conviction before any Justice of the Peace

of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, wherein the Offence shall be committed; which Juf-

- . , tice is hereby authorised and impowered to hear and determine the fame, either by the Confeifion

°( the Partk or Parties> or by the °a h One Witness, be levied determined by Distress and Sale of the

y f Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand

and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice is hereby authorised and re-

quired to grant for those Purposes, and to administer such Oath gratis) and the Overplus, after such

Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Dillr^fs and Sale are recovered and deducted,

and applied One Moiety shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all such

to !hc°Poor# thC °thCr ^cna^s and Forfeitures shall, from Time to Time, be paid. One Moiety thereof to the Informer,

1 c °or* and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish wherein the Offender or Offenders shall

For wantof Distress, OL live; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not

be forthwith paid, it H all he lawful for such justice, and he is hereby authorised and required by

Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be com-

mitted to the Common Goal or House of Correction for the County, Riding, Division, or Place

where the Matter shall arise, there to remain without Bail or Main prize for any Time not exceed-

ing Two Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall

be sooner paid and satisfied.

IX. And, for the more easy and foeedy Conviction of Offenders against this or any of the said

Acts, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice or Justices of the Peace, Before whom

any Person or Persons shall be conyidlcd of any Offence against this or any of the said Acts,

shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of words, or in any

Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Cafe shall happen, videlicet.

4 TIE it remembered, That on the Day of in

4 -t> the Year of our Lord AB is convicted before me CD, One of His Majesty’#

4 Justices of the Peace for the County or Place of (Specifying the Offence^ unJ

4 Time and Place when and where the fume was committed, as the Cafe fall be)

4 Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year aforesaid.*

fender may be com

mined.

Convjftion to he drawn

P in the following

Fofxn.

Penaltiee In re'pest of

Pimension* of Bricks

X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Penalty inflicted by

the said former Acts or this Act, in respect of the Dimensions of Bricks, shall be recovered, unlela

hflthe Information shall be laid within the Space of One Month next after the Sale or Delivery of

witbm a M^ath after such Bricks in respect of which such Penalty shall be incurred, nor shall any Person be liable to more

luic, *c. than One Penalty for any One Offence.

XI. *royidei

