A. D. 1767. Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 53. 42*

the several Taxes and Sums of Money payable by the several Owners and Occupiers of the said Fen

Lands and Low Grounds, for and in respect of such Principal Money and Interest, irn case of Default of

Payment thereof, as the said Com mi Hi oners, or their Collectors, could have had in case the said Principal

and Interest had been regularly and fully satisfied and paid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person to whom any Alignment of the said Rates and

Tax es shall be made, for securing any such Sum or Sums of Money lent as aforesaid, or who shall beferrabc*

inritled to the Money thereby secured, shall have full Power, from time to time, by Indorsement on the

original Grant or Security, without Stamps, to assign or transfer the fame to any Person or Persons whom-

soever ; and such Transfer or Alignment, from and after the Time that the fame is entered in a Book to

be kept by the said Commissioners for that Purpose (which Entry their Clerk or Treasurer is hereby required

to make upon producing such Assignment, and Payment of one Shilling for the said Entry) shall intitle

such A&gnee or Aifignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the said Principal

Surs, and all the interest due or to grow due thereupon ; and such Assignee or Assignees may in like

Marnier assign again, and so Mies quottes, as Occasion shall require, every such Assignment being entered

as aforesaid.

XXVill. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons shall,.Penalty on Per-

at any time or times hereafter, wilfully and maliciously cut, throw down, or otherwise destroy, or cause or (°ntl?e(2?yi0*~

trocure, or hire, any Person or Persons to cut, throw down, or otherwise destroy, any Bank, Mill, n

ngine. Flood-gate, or Sluice, which, at any time or times hereafter, shall be making and erecting, or

made or erected, for draining and improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds as aforesaid, and shall

be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person or Persons shall be adjudged guilty of Felony ; and the Court,

by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall and hereby have Power and

Authority to transport such Person or Persons for seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed

to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm : And if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time-

or Times hereafter, wilfully or maliciously destroy, stop, dam up, spoil, or damage, or tause, procure, or

hire, any Person to destroy, stop, dam up, spoil, or damage any Drain, Watercourse, Tunnel, Bridge,

or other Work or Works, which, at any Time or Times hereafter, shall be making or ere£ling, or made or

erected, for answering the Purposes aforesaid ; or shall lay, or throw, or place, any Rubbish, or any other

Obstruction therein, or cause, procure, or hire, any Person to lay, throw, or place, any Rubbish therein,

within the Limits aforesaid ; every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted on the Oath of one

or more credible Witness or Witness’es, shall be, and is hereby declared to be guilty of a high Crime

and Misdemeanor. • '

XXIX. Provided always, and be k enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not erect, or cause to be Retraining »he

ercdled, any Engine or Engines, for draining or throwing the Water from off the said Fen Lands and

Low Grounds into' Reach Old Load, or into any other Load, Cut, Ditch, or Drain, without the Boundary f^w inro*

of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds ; nor shall, by any Means whatsoever, suffer any Water to run Reach Old Load^

through any Load, Cut, Ditch, or Drain. made or to be made' with in the Boundary of the Fen Lands or Burwcii or

and Low Grounds aforesaid, which shall or may discharge itself into Reach Old Load, or a*v Part of Bur- Wicken Fern*.

wll or Ifrukcu Fens, unless the Owners or ^Proprietors of those Fen Lands shall, at any Time hereafter,

cause the said Reach Old Load to be imbanked on the Burtvell Side, and shall throw the Waters of Burwell

or IVicken Fens into any Part thereof, or shall otherwise use the fame, in such Cafe, the Commissioners^

appointed for putting this A& in Execution, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be inverted with all

and the fame rowers which the said Owners or Proprietors of Burivell and IVicken Fens shall use or exercise

ill respect to the said Reach Old Load, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Commissioners shall, and,Comn’,ffion*f,‘

they are hereby required to make, keep up, maintain, and repair, or cause to he made, kept up, main-^c^*^e

tamed, and repaired, out of the Monies collected by virtue of this Act, or to be borrowed on the Credit titio^Bank o/T

thereof, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, a strong and substantial Division or Partition Bank the South Weft*

at such fit Place on the South Weft Side of Reach Old Load, as to the said Commissioners shall appear mnff Side of Reach,

safe and convenient, from the Hard Lands of S waff*ham* East, to the Bank of the River Cam^ otherwise01,1

Grant, on the Weft ; and that they shall not at any Time, or upon any Occafun whatsoever, cut through

or let down any Part of the said Bank, or permit to be cut through or let down any Part of the said Par»-

tition or Divilion Bank. 4 «,

XXXI. And it is hereby further enabled. That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time make, or To prevent*

cause to be made, any Watering-place, or Place of Access for Cattle to drink,’ in any of the Mill-drains ca‘

within the said Ken Lands or Low Grounds, or shall continue to use any such Watering-place already Bankl>

made, after Notice in Writing to the contrary thereof given to him, her, or them, by any two or more

of tl>e said Commissioners; or if any Person or Persons shall drive, or cdtife to be driven, any Waggon*

Cart, or other Carnage, upon any Bank which shall be made or maintained by virtue of this Act (unless

such Bank ha'h been of Right used as a Cart-way, or he made upon a Common Drove-way, and a suffi-

cient Pafhgo shall not be left along the Side of the said Bank) every Person or Persons so offending, being*,

thereof convicted before one Joffice of the Peace for the salt! County of Cambrid^e^ on the Oath of one or

more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on the Confession of the Party offending, shall forfeit, for every

such Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings to the said Commissioners, to he applied as aforesaid, and to be-

levied by Distrek anJ Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant

urxier thi Hand and Seal of the said justice before whom such Conviction shall be made.

XXXll. And be it further enacted. That all Owners and Occupiers of any of the said Fen Linds or Oume* to fconr

Low Grounds mtended to be drainedby virtue of this Act, shall make, and from time to time, and at all

timet

