506 C. 33.

Anno octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1768.

For borrowing

Money.

Annuities

called New Inn Yard, King John's Court, Cash's Alleys and Dirty Laney in such Manner as they shall think

proper, (o as to prevent any Horse from passing through the fame.

Foot Pass»g« to LL Provided always* That a Passage {hall be left open for Persons on Foot in each of the said Ways

5U ^“eac or Passages j and also that the Inhabitants of each of the said Places shall have Permission to pass, from

* Time to Time, through such Gate as {hall be erected in the Yard, Court, Alley, Lane, or Place, in

which they shall respectively reside, with their Cattle and Carriages, without paying any Thing for pass-

ing through the fame. \

LII. ‘And whereas the Money to be collected and received by virtue of this Act will be inefficient for ,

the speedy carrying the several Purposes hereby intended into Execution;’ be it further enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That it {hall ana may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, ad-

vance, and pay, into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, for the Uses

and Purposes in this Act mentioned, any JSum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum

of Fourteen thousand Pounds^ for the absolute Purchase of One or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid

and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of such Contributor respectively, or the natural Life

of such other Person or Persons as {hall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor or Contri-

butors respectively, at the Time of Payment of his, her, or their respective Contribution-money, so as the

said Annuity or Annuities do not exceed the Rate of Nine Pounds by the Hundred, and so in proportion

for any greater or less Sum to be paid as aforesaid, and so as the said Annuities to be purchased in pursuance-

of this Act, do not at any One Time exceed in the Whole the Sum of One thousand two hundred and

sixty Pounds. '

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Annuity or Annuities (cyio be purchased under

rtanjed oponthe^j ^ virtue of this Act, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and {hall be paid and payable, from

4 9 Time to Time, out of the Monies arising by the Tolls, Rates, and Assessments aforesaid; and all and ,

every the Contributor and Contributors, upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Consideration or'

Purchase Money at the Rate aforesaid for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or his, her, or their

respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, {hall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue

of this Act to have, receive, and enjoy, the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased, out of the

said Tolls, Rates, or Assessments, by this Act appointed for the Payment thereof as aforesaid, during the

Term of the natural Life of the Person to be nominated by each such Purchaser or Contributor as before

mentioned; and that all and every such Purchaser or Purchasers, and their Executors, Administrators*

or Assigns, {hall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeasible Estates apd Interests in the Annuity or Annui-

ties so by him, her, or them respectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this

Act; and that none of the said Annuities {hall now or hereafter be subject or liable to the Tax charged

or to be charged upon Land by Authority of Parliament; and that every Contributor upon this Act for

the Purchase of any such Annufty or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of

the Consideration or Purchase Money, {hall have a Receipt or Receipts for the fame, and also an Order

on Parchment (which may be made without any Stamp) for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities*

for and during the natural Life of the Person who {hall be so nominated as aforesaid, by Quarterly Pay-

ments; which Order {hall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them; and after

signing thereof^ the fame {hall be firm, valid, and of good Effect in the Law, according to the true Pur-

port and Meaning of this Act.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it {hall and may be lawful to and for any Purchaser or Purchasers

of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Af-

signsx at any Time or Times, by Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to afttgn

such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, or Interest thereon, to any Person or Persons whatsoever*

and so toties quoties; and a'Memorandum or Entry of all such Orders and Alignments {hall be made in.

the Book to be kept as hereafter mentioned, at the Charge of the said Commissioners; for which Entry

or Memorandum Two Shillings and Sixpence {hall be paid, and no more; and no such Assignment {hall

be deemed valid unless such Memorandum or Entry {hall be first made as aforesaid.

LV. Provided always. That as such Annuitant or Annuitants {hall die off, and such Rates or Assess-

M lowered *°ments can be lowered and reduced, and some Part of the said Tolls can be taken off, the fame {hall be fa

w 1 done from Time to Time, in such Manner and Proportions as the Tuftices of the Peace for the said Coun-

ty of Middlesex, at their General or Quarter Session assembled, {hall order and direct.

LVI. Provided always, That until the said Turnpike so to be erected shall be taken away, and the*

Passage of the said High Street laid open and freed from Toll, the fakl Rates and Assessments shall not be

reduced to less than Sixpence in the Pound.

LVIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies raised or cpllefted by

Virtue* or by Means, or under the Authority, of this Act, shall be, and the fame are hereby vested in the

said Commissioners, and {hall be applied for the Purposes of this Act* and to or for no other Use or Pur-

pose whatsoever.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That the Charges ahd

Ex peaces of procuring and puffing this Act, shall be paid out of the first Monies which shall be raised by

virtue of this Act.

- LIX. And whereas the Entrance into the said Street called Holywell Street, through Holywell Laney it

greatly obstructed by a House at the North'East Corner, which projects so far into the said High Street

4 called Holywell Street, as frequently to cause Carriages to be overturned: And whereas the Street or

4 Lane called Hog Lanex which is another Avenue into the said High Street, is very narrow and incom-

4 modious.

nd deemed in-

defeasible

KlUtea,

not chargeable

to the Land Tax

Receipts arid

Orders for Pay*

ment to be

ii&ncdj

Antum:es may

be aligned.

At Annuitants

Protifr,

Monies raised

vtfted in Com-

jr.ilTioneis.

Charges of this

Ait howto be

ftid.

