A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii IN. C. 49. 263

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Elands of Jamaica and Dominica, for

the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes ; for grant-

ing certain Duties to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improv-

ing, such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods

from the said Eland of Dominica itito this Kingdom ; and for securing the Duties upon

Goods imported from the said Eland into any other British Colony.

€ TWHEREAS the appointing of proper and convenient Ports in some of the British Colonies fn

c VV America, for the more free Importation and Exportation of several Goods and Merchandizes,

* tinder certain Restrictions and Limitations, may be productive of considerable Advantages to the Manu-

4 faftures of Great Britain, tend to the Improvement of the Revenue thereof, and be a Means of increa-

4 sing and extending the Trade and Navigation of all his MajestyY Dominions :* May it therefore please

your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par- From inJ af.cr

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the first Day of November, one , Nov*n,766,e

thousand seven hundred and (ixty-six, live Cattle, and all Manner of Goods and Commodities, the Growth Libeity given

6r Produce of any Colony or Plantation in America, not under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs import, in any

and Successors, except Tobacco, maybe imported into the Ports called Prince Rupert's Bay and

in the Island of Dominica, from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in America, in any Foreign Sloop, |,evcc Canl? ind

Schooner, or other Vessel whatsoever, not having more than one Deck 5 any Law, Custom, or Usage,' to aii Matim4 of

the contrary notwithstanding. Coeds, the pro-

duce of any American Colony, not under the British Dominion, into the Island of Dominica;

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day *nd into the

of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, live Cattle, and all Manner of Goods and Com-

modities, the Growth or Produce of any Colony or Plantation in America, not under the Dominion of are h/r. p3rlicu.

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, except Sugars, Coffee, Pimento, Ginger, Melasses, and Tobacco, lariy mumcrat-

may, in like Manner be imported into the Ports of Kingston, Savanna La Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa ed, excepted.

Luceay in the Island of Jamaica, from any foreign Colony or Plantation in Americay in any Foreign Sloop,

Schooner, or other Vessel whatsoever, not having more than one Deck 5 any Law, Custom, or Usage, to

the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, ana be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act But no Foreign

contained shall extena, or be construed to extend, to allow any Manufactures from any Colony or Planta-

tation in America not under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be brought or ^othVfaid

imported fnto the said Islands of Dominica or Jamaica ; but that all such Manufactures, so brought and Minds,

imported, shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall b-* imported, with on forie vre of

the Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereof; to be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Maj city's Cuf- the Goo ls

toms, and prosecuted in such Manner as herein after is expressed. Vciid.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of Certain Goods

September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, no Copper Ore, Cotton Wool, Ginger, Fuftic, or theTr:d^r :

other Dying Woods, Hemp, Indico, Melasses, Beaver Skins, or other Furs, Sugar, Cocoa, Coffee, Pi-

mento, Hides and Skins, Pot and Pearl Ashcs, Raw Silk, or Whale Fins, of the Growth, Production, or bitcu"o be in»-

Manufacture, of any British Colony or Plantation in America^ shall be imported into the said Islands of j.orrdintocither

Dominica or Jamaica, or either of them, upon any Pretence whatsoever, upon Forfeiture thereof, with the ©fiheuid

Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall be imported ; to be seized by any Officer of the Customs, and pro- ,fUod‘

fccuted as herein after is expressed.

G -od« andVtfieU

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, from Ncgr0fS in Port-

and after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, to export from the fiiid rd ir.tu thri'jM

Ports in Dominica and Jamaica, to any Foreign Colony or Plantation in America, in any Foreign Sloop, i^nds m Uria h

Schooner, or other Vessel whatsoever, not having more than one Deck, Negroes brought into the said ".y tc

Ports in Britif)) built Ships, navigated according to Law, and all Manner of Goods and Merchandizes 1

whatsoever which Avail be legally imported into the said Ports from Great Britain and Ireland, and from the dcc*cii VaTris;

Britiji) Colonies or Plantations in America \ except Mads, Yards, or Bowsprits, Pitch, Far, Turpentine,

and Tobacco; and also except such Iron as shall be brought from the British Colonies in America; any asmayali nritult

Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notvvuhstanding. -rtV^

• except such as ist here mcmioncJ.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if there shall be Doubt, with re

any Doubt whether such Goods, so intended to be exported have been legally imported into the said Islands the U-

of Dominica or Jamaica ; the Legality of such Importation shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the of such

Collector, or other pfmcipal Officer of the Customs, at the Port of Exportation, by the Oath of the Ex- bTd/arc^up by

porter or Proprietor of such Goods, before the fame are suffered to be shipped for Exportation. the Oath of the

VII. Pro? &c.

