A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 45. 111

the full Sum which is by this Act allowed as a Premium on all such Goods respectively as he intends

to export.

VII. Provided always. That the said Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs, upon receiving of such and the Coileo

Premium from the Exporter of such Goods as aforesaid, {hall and do charge himself with the Money fot°r nfT6*.

received; and the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs are to take particular Care that the fame be ^iSi iccordine-

duly brought to the Account of his Majesty by such Collector or Chief Officer as aforesaid. jy. lnd to be

brought to Accoont.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, their Agents iflhe Good»

or Assigns, shall be found fraudulently to export such Goods, without paying such Premium to the Col- Jhal|be frau<*““

lector or Chief Officer of the Customs in Manner as aforesaid, such Person or Persons (hall-forfeit and

all such Goods and Double the Value thereof; one Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, iogthePre-

his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer of the Customs as shall seize or sue for mium, they are

the fame; to be prosecuted in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court ofliab,c 10 Fw-

Exchequer in Scotland respectively, wherein no Efloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one

Imparlance, shall be allowed. u c

IX. Provided always. That if any Doubt or Dispute shall arise, whether any of the Goods, or any in cafeofDoubtr

Part thereof, so to be exported, are of the Growth or Product of his Majesty’s Dominions in North Arne- with respect t®

rica, or of Foreign Growth or Product, the Onus Probandi shall lie on the Owner or Clairaer thereof, and' p^aTf such

not on the Prosecutor; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. Good*, Onu*

Probandi to lie 0A the Owner.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Matter or Owner of any Ship or Penalty of dan-

Vessel shall clandestinely import or receive in such Ship or Vessel, to be imported into Great Britain, any deftu^iyimport.

Deals, Boards, Planks, or Timber, knowing the fame to be Foreign Growth or Product, and shall demand Q^as'of Fo-

or receive for any such Foreign Deals, Boards, Planks, or Timber, the Reward or Premium hereby rel?n Growth,

granted, such Matter or Owner shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and the Ship or Vessel in and demanding

which such Foreign Deals, Boards. Planks, or Timber, shall be so fraudulently imported, with all her the Premium, i»

Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be also forfeited; and the fame shall and may be seized,

sued for, prosecuted, and divided, as herein before-mentioned. . c 1 1

4 XI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Recital of

Majesty King* George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon Clause in A&

4 certain Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom; and an additional Inland Duty on Coffee jiGco. a.c. 10*

and Chocolate; and for raising the Sum of fix-millions six hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and

4 a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subjtdy and additional Inland Duty; it was enacted and declared, That

4 from and after the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, there should be

4 charged, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for

and upon all Coffee to be sold in Great Britain, by Wholesale or Retail, an additional Inland Duty, to

4 be paid by the respective Sellers of such Coffee; (that is to say,) for and upon all Coffee to be sold in

4 Great Britain, an additional Duty of one Shilling per Pound Weight Avoirdupois 5 and in that Pro-

4 portion for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above the then present Inland Duty, and over and

4 above all Customs and Duties then payable upon the Importation thereof: And whereas it may tend to

4 encourage the Growth of Coffee in the British Dominions in America, and the Importation thereof into

4 this Kingdom, if the said additional Duty granted by the said hft recited Act was discontinued ;* be it

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand From and after

seven hundred and sixty-five, the said additional Duty of one Shilling per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, for 5 July> 1765»

and upon all Coffee to be sold in Great Britain, granted by the said last recited Act, shall cease, and be

no longer paid or payable: And that, in lieu thereof, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thou- ,^ p,.

find seven hundred and sixty-five, there shall be charged, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the upon all Cotter

ITfe of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Coffee, not being of the Growth and fold >p Great

Product of the British Plantations in America, to be sold in Great Britain by Wholesale or Retail, an addi- by,be

tional Inland Duty, to be paid by the Sellers of such Coffee; (that is to say) for and upon all Coffee, not^' “dt§

being of the Growth and Product of the British Plantations m America, to be sold in Great Britain, an per in tobepai*

additional Inland Duty of six Pence per Pound Weight Avoirdupois; and in that Proportion for a greater in liou tl.rreot,.

or lesser Quantity, over and above the Inland Duty of two Shillings pet9 Pound paid on Coffee, granted forailCcftcc net

by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, 4 An Act °^tbcG/°w>lbof

4 for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, |alc}onrfllin

and Cocoa rafte imported; and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting rica> 0verand

the Importation of Chocolate ready made, and Cocoa Paste; and for better ascertaining the Duties above the Dci-m

4 payable upon Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts imported; and for granting Relief to Robert DalzelU late Fayahl«by Act*

Earl of Carnwath, and over and above all Customs and Duties payable upon the Importation thereof. roGeo. 1,

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Inland Duty hereby The Aid Duty

framed to his Majesty, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and under such te raised. *c u

Management, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power for recovering the fame, the former ia~

and by such Rules, Ways, and Methods, as the former Inland Duties payable to his Majesty upon Coffee Und DulJU

are raised, levied, collected, and paid, as folly, to all Intents and rurposes, as if the several Clauses,

Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and ag; in

enacted in the Body of this present Act, and shall be paid into the Exchequer in like Manner, and

appropriated

