478 C. 2i. Anno octavo Georgii III/ A.D. 17684

as aforesaid, have an Order on Parchment or Vellum for Payment of the Annuity or Annuities so pur-

chafed by him or her, for and during the natural Life or Lives of such Person or Persons as shall be

nominated by him or her as aforesaid; which Order shall be signed by the said Commissioners; and, after

signing thereof, shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and Mean-

ing thereof, and of this Act.

For Alignment LXXV. And ft is hereby further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or

of Sccurites. Persons intitled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or

Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hahd or Hands respectively, to

assign or transfer such Securities, by Indorsement on the Back thereof, to any Person or Persons what-

soever, and so totres quoties \ and such Alignments or Transfers, after they shall respectively be entered

by the Clerk of the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid (which he is hereby required to do without

Fee or Reward) shall intitle the Person or Persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his,

her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, to the Benefit of the Security or Secu-

rities so aligned or transferred.

In case any Per- LXXVI. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or coun-

f*ns shall forge, terfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting,

mcm 0Certifi2”*any Alignment of any such Annuity as aforesaid, or any Certificate of the Age or of the Life of any

v cate, W- Of any Nominee, or any Order or Authority in Writing to receive any Annuity due, or to grow due, to any

Aojiuiunts. Proprietor thereof, or any Part thereof, or shall knowingly or fraudulently demand, or endeavour to

have or receive, any such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, by virtue of any forged or coun-

terfeited Assignment, Letter of Attorney, Certificate, Instrumen*, Order, or Authority, in Writing,

or shall falsely and deceitfully person ate any true and real Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Annuity

or Annuities, or the Assignee of any such Proprietor or Proprietors, and thereby receiving, or endea-

vouring to receive, the Money of any such true and lawful Proprietor or Assignee, as if such Offender

were the true and lawful Owner thereof; then, and in every rnd any of the said Cafes, all and every such

Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty

of Felony, and shall suffer Death without Benefit of Clergy.

For charging the LXXVII; And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money fotobe

Money borrowed acjvanced and lent, and the Interest thereof, and all and every the Annuity and Annuities so to be pur-;

ont e ate». cbafecj5 under and by virtue of this Act, shall be, and they are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid

and payable, from Time to Time, out of the Monies arising from the Rates and Aficflments to be rated

and assessed by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act; and all the Persons who shall be so pofliffed of

such Securities shall be Creditors in equal Degree, without Preference in respect of the Priority of his,

her, or their advancing the Money thereon.

NoPersonscharg- LXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no Person who

RatesW*shall ^ be charged or assessed towards the Rates to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall

charged with o! thereafter be liable to, or charged with, any other Rates or Aflefirnents made, or to be hereafter made,

ther Rates of any by virtue or in pursuance of any former Act or Acts of Parliament, for or towards the paving, clean!*-

former act. ing or enlightening, the said City and Liberties, or any Part thereof.

Not to extend to LXXIX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared. That nothing in this Act con-

repeal Rates un- tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, annul, or make void, any of the said Rates or

der former Act*. Assessments made or charged by virtue or in pursuance of any such former Act or Acts of Parliament,

which were due and payable, or in Arrear, on the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand

seven hundred and sixty-seven, or any of the Remedies, Powers, or Provisions, given or provided by

such former Act or Acts respectively for the collecting, levying, or recovering, the fame; but all such

Rates and AiTciTments, and all Arrears thereof respectively, which were due and payable on the said

Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and (ixty-seven, and all the Remedies,

Powers, and Provisions, in and by such former Act or Acts respectively granted, enacted, or provided,

for the collecting, levying, and recovering, the fame respectively, shall continue and be in force; any

thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXX. ‘And whereas certain Parts of Holbcrn, the Mlnorics, and A Id erf gate-Street, are supposed to

4 be out of the Liberties of the said City of London, by means whereof the Pavements of the several

' 4 Streets and Places within the same respectively cannot be completely finished by the Powers hereby

4 vested in the said Commissioner*; wherefore, for the better and more fpoedy Completion of the fame/

For aOefTjngcer-be it enacted, That the several Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in the said Commissioners, and all

tan Places in Ho/- the pr0visions and Regulations herein before eftnblished, declared, and provided, for the Purposes of

©uToftbe Uber- Pav*nS* cleansing, and enlightening, the said City and the Liberties thereof, and for other Purposes of

tKs of the fridCi- this Act, shall respectively extend and shall be in force, and shall in all Respects he executed by the said

ty}forihePurpo-Commissioners, within such Parts of Holborn, the Minories, and A/detJgate-Street, as are, or are supposed

fotfthis Act. to be, out of the Liberties of the said City of London; and the Courts and Alleys leading into the lame.

or communicating therewith, and the Inhabitants of the several Parts and Places aforesaid, shall be rated

and assessed according to the Provisions herein before made by the Alderman of the Ward next adjoining

to the fame respectively, or determined by his Deputy, with the major Part of his Common Council Men, and such

Rates shall be recovered in Manner herein before directed; any Law, Statute, Custom, Ufaga, o;*Prc-

(cription, to the contrary notwithstanding.

3 LXXXI. Provided

v^.

