424

Certain Goods

liable to Half

Toll.

Tolls may be

lessened.

For Tetting up

Staun*> *.

Toll on River

Bank*

Commissionert

to compound*

To let Tolls.

Appointing

Fen Reeves.

Power of Fen

Reeves.

C. 5 3* Anno feptitno Georgii III. A. D.' 1767,

to be appraisecl and Told for Payment thereof, in like Manner as Goods seized for Non-payment of Taxes,

are before directed to be.

XL. Provided dlways, and be it enacted, That all and all Manner of Persons navigating through the

Sluice called Reach, otherwise Upzveer Sluice, who dial I hale with an Horse or Horses upon any Bank to

be made under the Authority of this Act, against Burwell Load, and the Goods by them respectively

carried, shall be liable to one-half of the said Toll, to be levied as ;.bove directed ; except the Commis-

sioners at one of their Half-yearly Meetings shall compound with any such Navigator for a less Sum.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid^ That the said Commissioners,

or any five or more of them, at any of their Half-yearly Meetings aforesaid, shall have full Power and

Authority, from time to time, to leflert or reduce the said Tolls as they shall find sufficient for the Purposes

aforesaid ; and also to raise and augment the fame ag iin as Occasion shall require, so as no greater Tolls

be at any Time demanded or taken than are above specified.

4 XLIL And whereas it may be necessary, for carrying on Navigation in the said Loads in dry Seasons,

4 to set Staunches therein for holding up the Water/ it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may

be lawful for any Person or Persons, using the said Navigations, to erect such Staanches in either of the

said Loads as they, or any of them, shall think proper, so that ho Head of Water be kept up thereby

within fix Inches of the Surface of any of the adjacent Lands, under the Penalty of five Pounds for every

Offence, to be levied by Dtftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, or Marfttr of the

•Gang, for whose Ufethe said Staunch was set, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Tuftice of the

Peace for the said County of Cambridge, and to be applied to the General Purposes of this Act.

4 XLIII. And whereas the East Bank of the River Grants between CJayhithe Sluice, and Hardridge Com*

4 mon Gate, is by Length of Trme become so ruinous and decayed that Horses cannot pass with Safety

4 thereon; and also, whereas the said Bank (though not absolutely necessary for the Draining) may be

4 conveniently repaired under the Powers and Authorities of this Act, but will be attended Withacon-

4 siderable Expence Therefore, towards defraying the fame, be it Enacted, That the Commissiorrers for

putting this Act in Execution, art hereby authorised to erect a Turnpike or Turnpikes at such Place or

rlaces on the East Bank of the River Grdnt^ Wkhrh this District, as to them 'shall Teem mdft convenient,

so that no Horse or other Beast lbe thereby liable- to a double Charge for passing once drreftly up or down

the said Bank ; and thereat to demand and take as a Toll, before afny Beast IhaTl be ‘permitted to pass

through the fame.

For every Horse or other Beast haling a Boat Or Boats, two Pence.

For every other Horse,' Mare, Geldinfg, Mult, or Afs, paflxng on the said Bank, orre Penny#

For every Drove of Neat Cattle, ten Pence per Score.

And for every Drove of Calves, Sheep, or Lambs, five Pence per Score ; and so in proportion for any

less Number.

To be laid out only in repairing the said Bank, and for no other Purpose whatsoever: And in case of

Neglect or Denial of Payment of the said Toll on Demand, the Collector or Collectors thereof (to be

appointed by the said Commissioners) are hereby authorised and required to ferze and detain any Horse,

or other Beast, upon which such Tollis hereby imposed ; and the fame to keep, appraise, and fell for

Satisfaction thereof, as is herein before directed in respect of the Taxes set and imposed by virtue of

this Act.

XLIV. Provided always. That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at any of their

Half-yearly Meetings as aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority to compound with Personshaling

on the said Bank for the said Tolls; afnd also, from time to time, to lessen and reduce the said Toll as

they shall find sufficleftt for the Pftrposes fcforbfhid ; and to rarfe and augment the faYrre agaih, &‘s Occasion

shall require, so its no grearer Tolls be at any 'Time demanded or taken than afre above expr'sessed.

XLV. And be it further chafted, Tbdt the foid Commissioners, or any five or ftiore of them, at any

of their Half-yearly Meetings, may let all or any of the Tolls hereby granted on Lease by publick Auction

tb the best Bidder, for any Time hot fcxcdcdiflg three YearS; Notice in Writing of such Lerting being

affixed upon the Church Doors of the several Parishes wherein this District lies, ten Days at lerft befote

such Meeting.

XLVI. And, for the better rmprOVerdent of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and more orderly

Management of the cpmmonafcle Parts thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it ftailand

may be lawful for the Inhabitants Who have vRight of Common, Or who are Owners of Lots or Dolvers in

the said Parishes, to meet in their respective Churches on the Thursday before Christmas Day in every Year,

and then and there chuse, by a Majority of Voices, two Fen Reeves, Commoners and Dwellers in the re-

spective Town or P.iriftvfor which they‘(ball be chosen, to continue in the said Office for one Year, and

no longer; which Office the Persons so chosen are hereby required to take upon themselves within one

Week after their Election, upon Pain offorfeiting five Pounds apiece for thb Purposes of this Act; to be

levied by Distress and S^le of their Gcfotfs ‘and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any

three Commissioners for‘putting this in 'Execution.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Cm id Fen Reeves shall be and they are hereby ibipowered

and required, from time to time, to imphuHd all Cattle fed and depastured upon any of the said Commons

contrary to Right or accustomed Usage, and all Sheep that shall be fed and dCpnftured upon any Drove-

way within the said Fens, and to take orte Shilling a piece for all N -at Cattle or Horses, and three Pence

for every Slieep, so offending; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to moCv, or cause

3 to

