A.D. 1767, Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 23. 293

4 and Difcrcdit of the fair Trader, many of whom are frequently harassed with vexatious Law Sui's, for

* Offences which, as the Law now Hands, arc not in their Power to prevent :* For Remedy whereof, be

it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, there shall

he ererted and continued within the City of Linden, in or near Thames Street, one Publick Office, which Office anpomte<f

shall he called by the Name of 1 The LanJ Coal Meters Office for the City of Linden, and between the a

4 Tower of London and Limehouse Hole in the County of Aliddhfex \ which laid OiRce shall, from and after

the Lid first Day o{jure, one thoufanu (even hundred and sixty-seven, for and during theTeim of

fourteen Years then next cn suing, be managed by John Evans of the City of London, Coal Merchant, who

is hereby nominated and appointed to be the Manager of such Office ; which Office, when ererted, shall

be kept open every D.ty (Sundays excepted) from the twenty fifth Day of March to the twenty-ninth Day

of Septnnher yearly, during the Continuance of this Aift, from the Hour of five in the Morning till nine

in the Evening ; and from the twenty-ninth Day of September to the twenty-fifth Day of March yearly,

during the Continuance of this Art, from the Hour of fix in the Morning till fix in the Evening.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the faiJ John Principal Cc%l

Evans, and the Principal Coal Merer within the Limits aforesaid for the time being, and his and their Meter, &c n.b-

Dcputies or Servants, acting under him or them in the Admcafurcment of Coals, by virtue of or in pur- ic# to Court tf

fnance of this present Act, shall be, and they, and every of them, are hereby declared to be subjert to the Aldcrmcn;

Power, Jurisdiction, and Comptrol!, of the Court of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of

L '.dm \ ^nd shall and may be dignified and suspended by the said Court, from the Execution and Emo-

luments of their said mpective Offices, upon Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Default, Neglect, or

other Mish-haviour in the Management or Execution thereof, which Complaints shall and may be heard

and determined by the said Court in a summary Way -9 any Thing herein before contained to the contrary

hereof in any ways notwithstanding.

HI. Provided a .vats, and it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said At bisDcerafe>

J h:i Evans (Kill happen to die before the Expiration of the said Term of fourteen Years, the said Office Corporation to

shall he managed by such Person as shall he nominated and appointed by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and aPPumt*

Commons, oft c City of London, in Common Council assembled.

IV. And be it fui .her enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting

as Principal Lan 1 Coal Meter for the City of London, until he (lull, before two or more of his Majesty’s

Justices of the Peace for the City of London (who are hereby authorized and required to admindter the

fame) take an Oath in the Woids or to the Effect following ; to wit,

* Y A. B. do swear. That I will truly nnd faithfully, according to the best of my Judgement and Abi- His Oath,

* 1 lity, execute the Office of Principal Land Coal Meter for the City of Lvulvt, and for all the Wharfs

€ situate between the Tower of London and Limehouse LLle in the County of ATnLliefex.

So help me GodA

V. And be it further erased by the Authority aforesaid, That it Hull and maybe lawful to and for Liboi rinp Mew

the said 'John Evans, and such other Person or Persons that shall, from time to time, and rt all times ten to be ag-

hercaster, dining the Continuance of this Art, be nominated nnd appointed to manage the said Office, panted;

and he or they is and are hereby authorized to appoint a sufficient Number of Persons to be labouring

C<*al Meters within the said City of London, and at the several Wharfs liunte between the Tower of

London and Limehouse Hole in the County nt Aluldiefex \ one of which said labouring Coal Meters shall

att.nd every Day (Sundays excepted) at such of the Coal Wh.ufs, Warehouses, or other Places of Sale,

within the said City of London, and at the Coal Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Places of Sale, situate

b t.vcen the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole in the County of Mulllcjex, at which he shall be

Rationed by the Person or Persons executing the Office of Principal Land Coal Meter, duting the Con-

tinuance of this Art, at such Times as is required by the Wharfinger or Dealer in Coals, where such

Meter is Rationed to meafuie out the Coals, which shall, from time to time, be sold by Wharf Mca'ure,

at any of the said Wharfs or Warehouses where such labouring Coal Meters shall be lb ilationed as

asorefaid.

VI And be it furthrr cnnrted by the Authority c fore said, That no Person shall be capable of acting as

one of the labouring Coal Meters, to he appointed as aforesaid, until he shall, before one or more of his

M.jesty’s Justices of the Peace for the find City of Lm,rn (who are hereby authorized and required to

admimlfcr the fame) take an Oath in the Words or to the Effect following ; to w it,

* T A. B. do swear, That I will duly and faithfully, to the b. ft of my Skid rnd Knowledge, execute the Their Outh.

4 JL Office of one of the labouring Coal Meters for the City of Lrnden, and the several Wharfs fitiurc

4 between the Tower of London and Limehouse Ho 'e in the County of AliJUfx ; and that I will truly and

* impartially measure all Coals between Buyer and belli r, witluut FuVuiir or Hatred.

So help me God

And the said Justices respertively, who Audi administer the Oa hs by this Art direcKd to be taken, are O it» to bt

herchy required to certify the taking thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Pence to be livid rCi0;^L4R

fur the find City of London after the taking of such Oaths respectively, there to remain on Record.

VII. Pro-

