yj% C. 50* Anno feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1767,

€ IV, And whereas it hath been found necessary, for the Convenience »nd Improvement c>f Trade and

€ Comtnerce, and for the more safe and speedy Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain

A Packet Roat ‘ and the Isle of Man, to establish a Packet-boat between the Port of WhitAoaven in the County of C'um*

to becOabiiHied i berland, and the Port of Douglas in the said Isle of Alan \ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

have^and'th ^* ^at from an^ a^ter the h^h Day Jl(by onc thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, it {hall and may

Port of Do!i»Ua to and for his Majesty’s Post-master General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto

in the Me of sufficiently authorised, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demand, have,

Man, for the receive, and take, for the Post and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be car-

Convryance of ried or conveyed by Packet-boats to or from the Port of IVloiteloaven aforesaid, or any other convenient

-Katet of Posta e ^ort ln ^ Kingdom Great Britain, from or to the Port of Douglas aforesaid, or any other convenient

to\eSpaid there! R°rt *n the ^ ffle of Man (over and above all other Rates payable for such Letters or Packets) accord-

vpen. ing to the Rates and Sums hereafter-mentioned (the fame being, rated either by the Letter, or by the

Ounce) that is to say,

Tke Rates, For every Single Letter, two Pence. c

For every Double Letter, four Pence*

For every Treble Letter, six Pence.

v And for every Ounce, eight Pence.

•the

Portage in Ej»§.

land.

rCUufej, Provi-

sions, Powers,

Privileges, Pe-

nalties, See.

in Act.# Annae,

«c. 10.

And so in proportion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, and other Things.

Convenient Post y. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and aftet the find fifth Day of

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, it shall and maybe lawful to and for his Majesty’s

ctUblished with- Post-master General to establish Post Offices and Post Roads within the said Isle of Man, wherever it shall

in the said appear to him to be necefl'ary and convenient for the Benefit of Trade and Correspondence so to do;

island. and that it shall and may be lawful for such Post-master General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him

inland Port of thereunto sufficiently authorised, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to demtnd,

be ch^ted after° have, receive, and take, for the Inland Port or Conveyance of alt Letters and Packets sent or conveyed determined by

the Rate of the Post within the said Ifie, such Rates cf Postage, in proportion to the Number of Miles or Stares such

Letters and Packets are carried or conveyed by the Post, as how are respectively settled, establiflrcd, and

ascertained, to be paid for the Inland Port or Conveyance of Letters and Packets within that Part of Great

Britain called England.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the said fifth Day of

July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Privi-

leges, Advantages, Disabilities, Penalties, and Methods for the Recovery of the fame, and all other

Matters and Things contained in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen

Anne* intituled, 4 An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all her Majesty’s Dominions, and for

* settling a Weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty’s

not repealed or ‘ Occasions,* (and not repealed or altered by any subseejuent Law) ; as also an Act made in the sixth Year

altered by any Qf the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, ‘ An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses

anJ^Art^1 * ‘n l^e ^uhhck Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp Duties, Post Office, and House Money,* so fin as

Ceo'.Vc. *?. the ^d Act relates to the Post Office; as also in an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of

and in Aa 26 hi^ Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 4 An Act for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent

Geo.*. c. *3. * Removal of Tobacco by Land or Water, and for the Ease of the fair Trader; and for ascertaining the

* Rates payable for the Postage of certain Letters ; and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to

4 the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail ;* so far as the said Act relates to the Post Office; as also in an

Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present most gracious Majesty, intituled, * An Act for

4 preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving Letters and Packet* free from the

* Duty of Postage ;* as also in an Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act

4 to alter certain Rates of Postage ; and to amend, explain, and enlarge, several Provisions in an Act made

4 in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anney and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the Post

other AdTe-C Office and also in this present Act, or in any other Act relating to the Post Office, shall extend, and

Jatfngu) the * he deemed and construed to extend, to the said Isle of Man> and to all his Majesty’s Subjects within the

Port Office, ex- said I lie, as fully and cflrftually, in every respect, as if the said Ifie, and his Majesty’s Subjects therein,

tended totheirte had been exprel'sly included in the said several Acts, or in any of them.

«of Min.

Monies arising VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising by the Rates aforesaid,

by the Port »?e except the Monies which shall be necessary to defray such Expences as shall be incurred in the Collection

Char^dVdu^ an(^ Management of the fame, and all other Expences attending the said Office, and the due Execution of

ert the Acts relating thereto, shall be appropriated and applied to such and the same Uses to which the present

as’the present Rates of Postage are respectively now by Law appropriated and made applicable.

Rates of Portree, t

ti-niration ot VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-

Adioas. menced against any Perfort or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the fame (lull be

commenced within six Months after the Fast committed, and not afterwards ; and the Defendant or De-

Cecejii ]fiuc. fendunts in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special

Matter, in Evidence, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if

it shall appear so to be done, or that such Action or Suit shall be commenced alter the Time before limited

/or bringing the fame, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon a Verdict

7 for

£0 far as thrfame

j-elite to the

Port Office;

#lfo in Ad 4

Geo 3. c. *4.

and Ad 5

Geo. 3. c. *5

