The TITLES of the STATUTES.

15. An Act for enlarging the Times limited for execu-

ting and performing several Provisions, Powers, and

Directions, in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

16. An A.ft for altering the Times of Payment of certain

Annuities, established by two Acts made in the thirty-*

third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the

second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

17. An Act to confirm all Leases already made oy Arch-

bishops and Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Persons,

of Tythes and other Incorporeal Hereditaments, for

one, two, or three Life or Lives, or twenty-one Years ;

and to enable them to grant such Leases, and to bring

Actions of Debt for Recovery of Rents reserved.and in

Arrear on Leases for Life or Lives.

18. An Act for continuing an Act made in the thirty-

first Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for encouraging

the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Part of

Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the Tythe

thereof.

19. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans

, or Exchequer Bills* for the Service of the Year one

r thousand seven hundred and sixty-five.

ao* An Act for explaining and rendering more effectual

two Acts, one made in the twelfth Year of the Reign

of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick

Reward for such Perf on or Personsas shall aifcover the

Longitude at Sea; and the other in the twentjr-sixth

Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled.

An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the twelfth

Year of the Reign of bertate Majesty Queen Anne, intituled,

An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Person

or Persons as shall aifeover the Longitude at Sea, with

regard to the making Experiments of Propofols made for

discovering the Longitude; and to enlarge the Number of

Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Aft

21. An Act for appointing Coromiftioners to put in Exe-

cution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majtjlv by a Land

Tax) to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five^ together

with those named in two former Acts for appointing

Commissionernofithe Land Tax; and for indemnifying

Persons who have acted as Commissioners of the Lang

Tax, by virtue*t>fi Estates of or above a certain Value,

though the fame were not rated or assessed at the Value

of one hundred Pounds per Annum; and for limiting a

Time within which Suits and Prosecutions shall be

commenced, with refoeft to the Qualifications of Per-

fons who shall act as Commissioners of the Land Tax.

22. An Act for the further Encouragement of the British

White Herring Fishery.

,23. An Act for granting Annuities, to be attended with a

Lottery, to satisfy and discharge certain Navy, Victual-

ling, and Transport Bills; and for charging the Pay-

ment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund.

24. An Act to oblige Agents for Prize Money to account

for such Sums of Money as remain in their Hands un-

claimed, the Property of any of his Majesty’s Land

Forces; and for the Application thereof.

25. An Act to alter certain Rates of Postage, and to

amend, explain, and enlarge, several Provisions in an

Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen

Anne, and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the

Post Office.

26. An Act for carrying into Execution a Contraft

made, pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the twelfth

#f his late Majesty King George the First, between the

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury and the Duke

and Dutchess of Atholf the Proprietors of the Isle of

Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said

Island and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions

therein particularly mentioned.

27. An Act to provide for the Administration of the Go-*

vernment, in case the Crown should defeend to any of.

the Children of his Majesty, being under the Age of

eighteen Years; and for the Care and Guardianship

of their Persons.

28. An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to

layout, upon Government Securities, a Sum of Money

therein mentioned, out of the Common and General

Cash in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitor* of

the said Court; and to apply the Interest arising there-

from, towards augmenting the Income of the Matters of

the said Court.

29. An Act for repealing the Duties now payable upon

Raw Silk imported, and for granting other Duties in

lieu thereof; for allowing a Drawback on the Exporta-

tion of Raw or Thrown Silk to Ireland, and for prohi-

biting the Exportation of Raw Silk from Ireland.

30. An Act for more effectually supplying the Export

Trade of this Kingdom to Africa, with such Coarse

Printed Callicoes, and other Goods of the Product or

Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond

the Cape of Good Hopey as are prohibited to be worn and

used in Great Britain; for encouraging the Importation

of Bugles into this Kingdom; for the better Supply of

the Export thereof; and for discontinuing the Bounty

payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allow-

ances in Ireland, upon the Exportation of Com, Grain,

Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the Isle of Man^

31. An Act tadiscontinue, for a limited Time, the Du-

ties upon Wheat and Wheat Flour imported; and also

. the Bounty payable on the Exportation of Wheat and

Wheat Flour.

32. An Act to enable his Majesty, with the Advice of

his Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of

Wheat, Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and

Starch, during the next Recess of Parliament, at such

Time, and in such Manner, as the Necessity of the

Time may require, and he, in his Wisdom, shall think

convenient and needful.

33. An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his

Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act pa!Ted in this

present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for pu~

nithing Mutiny and Desertion^ and for the better Payment

of the Army and their Quarters.

34. An Act for applying the Money granted in this Sef-

fion of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay

and Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of Great

Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the

twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred

and sixty-five; and for punishing Militia Men for neg-

lefting their Duty.

35. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties

on the Exportation of Coals; and of several East India

Goods; and upon Policies of Assurance for retaining,

upon the Exportation of White Callicoes and Muf-

fins, a further Part of the Duties paid on the Impor-

tation thereof; and for obviating a Doubt with respect

to Stamp Duties imposed upon Deeds by two former

Acts.

36. An Act to explain, amend, and enforce, the several

Laws now in being relating to the Raising and Train-

ing the Militia within that Tart of Great Britain called

England.

37 Aa

