A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Gf.orgii III. C. 9.. 15

Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seal?, to cause the fame to be levied by Distress

and hale of the Offender’s Goods, or to commit such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, to feme

Common Gaol or House of Correction in the said County of //'Y/r, there to remain for a'ny Space of Time

not exceeding three Months, or until he, she, or they shall pay the said Fine.

XXIV. Provided always, and he it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the Copy cfprcce^-

said Court shall fix or cause to be fixed orftuck up, in some pub ic Part of each of the said Court-houses, or

other Places where the said Commissioners shall meet, a true Copy of the last preceding Clause of this Act, Court house.

to the end that no Person or Persons shall or may plead Ignorance thereof.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Keepers for the time be- Gaolers, gee.

ing of the respective Common Gaols or Houses of Correction within the said County of Wilts shall and may, committed?1*

and they are hereby required and commanded to receive and lake into their Custody respectively all and every

Person ami Persons who shall be committed, or ordered to {land committed, by any three or more of the

laid Commissioners present in Court, or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution, or other

Ptocefs, dining out of the said Court of Requcfts : And in case the Keepers of the said Gaols or Houses of° nr

Correction rclpcctively, or either of them, shall neglect or refuse to receive and take into his or their Cuf- jJJ “’n°£^™

to*y, any Person or Persons committed by vhtuc of this Act, or before the Expiration of the Time for

which any Person or Persons shall he so committed to his or their Custody shall dischnrge such Person or

Persons, or wilfully permit and suffer such Person ®r Persons to go at large, without a Warrant, Order, or

Authority for that Purpose in Writing, signed in Court by three or more of the said Commissioners ; every

Keeper offending in any of the Cafes afoidaid, and being thereof convicted before one or more of his Ma-

jclly’s Justices of the Peace for the said County, upon (he Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness

or Witnesses, or on his or their own Confession, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not

exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of inch Justice or Justices ; and such

Sum shall be immediately paid by the Person or Persons so offending into the Hands of the Justice or Justices

before whom he or they shall be convicted ; or in Default thereof, shall and may be levied by Distress and

Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chatties, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of

such Justice or Justices ; and which Sum, when paid or levied, shall be applied in like Manner as the Fines

herein before-mentioned are directed to* be paid and applied.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no A&Ion or Suit for any Debt, not No Afllon far

amountu g to the Sum of forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Rcquests, Drbt recoverable

find be brought agiinft any Person or Persons residing or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction thereof, in any bebVou htinanr

of the King's Courts at Urejhmnflery or any other Courts whatsoever, or elsewhere out of the said Court of other Court.

Rcquests; and no Suit that shall be commenced in the said Court of Rcqueffs, in pursuance of this Act,

nor any Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior Court; but the Judgements, De-

cree., and Proceedings of the said Court shall he final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XXV * I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this A <3, or any thing herein conJ^t#

tVneo, It all not extend to any Debt for Rent upon any Lease or Contract, where the Title of any Lands, notScxteaa.a

Tenement, or Hereditaments, can or may come in question, or in or upon any other real Contract; nor to

ary IE b. ilur shall a; iff upon or by realon of any Cause concerning any last Will or Testament, or Matri-

mony, or any I lung properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts ; nor to any Debt for Money won at or

b> means of ary Horlc iacc, Cock*match, Wager, or any kind of Gaming or Play ; nor for any Forfeiture

u; on any of*n.*l Stature or By-law; nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been a Contract, Acknow-

b M.’merit, In b rt: k ng. or Promise to pay within six Years before the talcing out of the Summons for the

fim •.*, although m 1 D.*t»t find not amount to forty Shillings.

XWHI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons mak- Ppn*?t? on *i-

i« c ‘ Cr.h or gu : c Evidence in any Cause or Matter whusoever depending in the said Court of Rcquests,

in.til (u*i,n t v. .-til 2nd corrupt Pcjjury, and be thereof duly convicted according to Law, such Person

or Pci < ; s fin! incur and fuller the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted

cf w; ul ajid corrupt Perjury is or aie liable to, or flull be fubjctl to, by the Laws and Statutes of*

thns K « fim.

XXAY. And hr it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person residing within Per.rfy on net

t' c 11 iiiul: lds, Loruship, or Liberty aforesaid, who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, ro cbf,y,n&

! v i lined fir or th.* tai J Court of Kcqucfls, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, ?‘rna*

I'u d! iirg! rt or rtfulc to appear pursuant to such Subpuma or Summons at the Time and Place therein

mrno.vu J, ;.n 1 due Proof shall be made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no C iu;c of

Ah • hc hr shewn or ; .fiyivci to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the Court to which such

J* ’r.on lb ft 1 he by such Sucpccna or Summons required to appear, and Oath shall be made before the I*.id

CMmm (1: r. * s by the Party at who ft: initanee and on whole half such Subpoena or Summons iti’ued, tb. C

the 1 (Mon f-.ved therewith was a material Wuncis for such Paitv, it ffi.ill and may be lawful to and for :&c

1- id Eojum fiionvrs, or «..y three or more of them, assembled in such Court, to impufc and lay a Fine not

c-xr cechiig tfi'v Shilling', r, r less th. n live Shillings, to be levied (if not immediately paid on Demand) by

IdiltrvP and .* i c of I Ac Oft -nder’s CJoofs, by Warrant unlcr the Hands and Seals of the said Commhion-

€ r-, of any three or more of them; which bine, when paid or levicJ, shall be paid over to the Party at

v !r>ff lidtir.ee such Subyccna or Summons iliued.

XXX. Ami re it (tut her er.aCded, by the Authority arorefuid, That if any Action or Suit shall he brought ; ir:rn of

or comn nrcJ ; ‘'.finit any Person o«- Persons for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuance of ActuM.

1 VX A Cf, fu h Aiinn or Suit fh.dl be brought orcomrocnrcd within three Calendar Months mxt ..fter the

C'aufc of Achon shall aiifc, and not afferwatuh, and Hull be laid in the County, of // ;///, and not clfcwhere ;

and

