C. 23. Anno feptimo Georgii Ilf. A. D. 1767.

after such Coals shall have been sent as aforesaid, and dial] be duly convicted thereof by the Oaths of

two or more credible Witness'es ; such labouring Coal Meter shall from thenceforth be for ever rendered

incapable of acting as a labouring Coal Meter within the Limits comprised in this A cl, and forfeitand

pav the Sum of five Pounds.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority a fore Paid, That if any Perfnn (h-I! he

dissatisfied with, or think him or herself aggrieved by or in the Measure cf any Coals sold to him or her

determined by Wharf Measure within the Limits aforesaid, and shall, upon Delivery to him or her of the Meter's

Ticket accompanying such Coals, signily his or her Dtfire to have toe fame remeasured ; then, and in

every such Cafe, the Carman or Driver of the Cart or other Carriage, in whDh the said Coals Hull be

brought, shall continue at the House or Lodging of the Purchaser of the said Coals, with the said Coals

and laid Cart until they are remeasured ; and the said Purchaser shall immediately fend or cauit to be sent

to the Vender of the said Coals, or to his or her Wharf, Notice in Writing, that the said CojIs ate going

to be remeasured, and also fend Notice thereof to the Land Coal Meter’s Office ; and thereupon toe fed

principal Meter, or one of the labouring Meters (not being the Meter under whose Inspect on the said

Coals were originally measured) shall, within the Space of two Hours next after such Notice in Writing

left at the Land Coal Meter’s Office aforesaid, attend to remcasure the said Coals, and shall accordingly

lemeaiure the fame, Sack by Sack, in the Presence of the Vender and Purchaser of the said Coals, or tiuir

Agents or Servants, if any of them shall attend and desire to fee the fame remeasured ; for which Rc-ad-

menfurement the Purchaser shall pay the principal Meter the Sum of six Pence for every Chaldron of

Coals so remeasured : And in case the Coals thus remeasured shall not amount to the Quantity for which

they were fold, then the Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals found defi-

cient the Sum of five Pounds, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coals so found deficient or wantingin

Measure to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the said Coals shall be so remeasured; and

the labouring Meter, under whose Inspection the Coals were first measured, shall, for every Bulhei so de-

ficient, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings ; which Sum, if not paid within five Days next

after his Conviction, shall and may be recovered from the Person executing the Office of Principal Meter

for the time being ; and the Coal Porters who shall measure the fame for the Vender thereof, shall, for

every Bushel of Coals so wanting, forfeit and pay the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence.

€»rmen to be XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in all Cafes where any

Hou^ when PCf ^art be ft°PPe<^ or detained for the Purpose or Pretence of re-admeasuring the Coals laden thereon,

Aopped'to re- t^ie Owner of every such Cart shall be intitled to the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence per Hour, for

meuiure Coals, every Hour the Cart shall be so detained, over and above the usual Cartage of such Coals; which two

Shillings and six Pence per Hour shall be paid by the Vender of the said Coals, in case the fame shall,

upon such Re-admeasurement, be found deficient in Measure ; or by the Purchaser of the said Coals, in

case the fame shall not be remeasured, or shall, upon such Re-admeasurement, be found to amount to the

Quantity for which the fame were fold.

Dealers offend- XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted tly the Authority aforesaid, That no Seller of, or Dealer

in* under this in, Coals, within the Limits aforesaid, shall, for any Offences under this A&, be subject or liable to any

Aa, notlub'e other Penalty, Forfeiture, or Disability, than what are herein before respectively inflicted or enacted, in

Act Vcet’ft. or by the Act of the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act

c. 26. * * f0? the better Regulation cf ibe Coal Trade, or any other Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary not-

. withstanding.

Recovery and XXII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid. That the aforesaid several

Application of Forfeitures and Penalties imposed, and to be incurred, by virtue of or under this present Act, shall be recover-

«na ues, c. ecj an(j app}jecj jn t}lc Manner, and to and for the Purposes, following (that is to say) ; Such and so many of

the said Forfeitures and Penalties as do and shall exceed the Sum of five Pounds, by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, in any of his Maj city’s Courts of Record at Westminster; the one Moiety of

which said Forfeitures and Penalties (that is, where each of them exceeds five Pounds) shall be to and for

the Use of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof (with

full Colls of Suit) to and for the Use of such Person or Persons who shall inform or lue for the fame;

and all other the aforesaid Forfeitures and Penalties shall be recovered by way of Complaint made unto

any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City of London, or for the said County of Middle*

fexy who is and are hereby required to call the Parties before him or them, and to hear and examine such

Complaint on Oath, or upon Affirmation (in case any Testimony in this respect shall be given by any

of the People called £h(akeny and which Oath or Affirmation such Justices are hereby respectiv^ly required

and impowered to administer and take) and upon due Proof thereof made to his or their Satisfaction, to grant

a Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, for levying such Forfeitures and Penal-

ties accordingly ; the one Moiety thereof to and for the Use of the Informer, and the other Moiety there-

of to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish in which such Offences shall have been respectively

committed ; and in case such Forfeitures or Penalties shall not (after such Conviction or Convidtions) be

forthwith paid, that then the fame shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Gaods and Chatties of the

respective Offenders, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such

Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, rendering the

Overplus (if any be) to such Offender or Offenders; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Offender

or Offenders shall be committed to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding thirty Days, and not less

than seven Days, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour.

F«rfoni aggritr- XXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any Person so convicted

«4 may appeal w aforesaid, shall think himself aggrieved, he may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to

5 be

290

Coils nm he

rcu.CiiUied.

