150

Clerk! to sum-

mon them*.

Meetings to be

it Croydon j

and life a Pri-

son.

Limitation of

Actions.

General Issue,

^Tieble Costs.

Publick Act,

Ste 3 Cu. 3. t 4.

-f Cf\o. 3. <• u.

8 Cite. 3 c. 6.

9 Geo. 3 c.' la.

Pre^mK'e rerit-

inp the ftwer.'.l

CQi-tying Acts

of 1 tei' 1.

£/. 2. c. 13,

*3 Car. 1. <7. 2.

c. 1.

25 Car. 2. c. 2.

C. 7. Anno sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1766.

time to time nominated and appointed by virtue of the said former Act and this present Act, shall be, and

they are hereby authorized and impowered to put the said Act and this Act in Execution.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Clerks of the said Courts shall,

within two Days next after such several Lifts {hall be returned to them as aforesaid, summon, or cause to be

summoned, fix Persons, out of the whole Number so to be returned, by virtue of this Act, to attend as

Commissioners of the said Court, for two Calendar Months then next following, and so the like Number

of Persons out of the said Lifts, as they shall stand in Order and Rotation therein, to serve as Commis-

sioners for every two Months, during the Term for which they are chosen Commissioners.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Commissioners from time to time

appointed, or to be appointed, by virtue of the said recited Act, and this Act, or any three or more of them,

are hereby authorized, impowered, and required, to assemble, meet, and fit, on Saturday in every other

Week, or oftener, if Occafipn be, afterCommissioners are nominated and appointed, as by this Acts

directed, in the Court Room, or Place of publick Business, in or over the Market-house in the Town of

Croydon, within the Hundred of JVallington, or in some other convenient Place, as near thereunto as may

be, but so as the said Meetings shall not impede or interupt the publick Business usually done in the said

Court Room, and there hold, a Court for the Purposes in the said recited Act and in this Act mentioned, in

such Manner, and with such Powers and Authorities, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes

whatsoever, as the Commissioners, nominated and appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, are thereby

authorized and impowered, and do hold a Court in the Parish of East Greenwich.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That such Commissioners assembled at any such

Court to be held in the said Town of Crcydon, not being less than five in Number, shall and may, and are

hereby authorized and impowered, if they shall think it necessary, to appoint a proper Place, in the said

Town of Croydon\ to be a publick Prison, or Place of Confinement, for the said Court to be held in the

said Town of Croydon, for the Confinement of Prisoners, in like Manner as the Place now appointed in

the said Parish of East Greenwich for the publick Prison, or Place of Confinement, belonging to the Court

held there.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Action or Suit shall be brought

against any Person or Persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the fame shall be commenced

within six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall belaid

or brought in the County or Place where the Fast shall be committed, and not elsewhere ; and the Defen-

dant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the

Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and if it shall appear to have been done in

pursuance of this Act, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein before limited

for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury

shall find for the Defendant or Defendants 3 and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall

become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, or if upon Verdict or Demurrer,

Judgement should be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or De fendants shall and may

recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have

in any other Cafes by Law.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall bedeemel, adjudged,

and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other

Pei fons wheinsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. VII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and

Employments ; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers

of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications

within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and

to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose

Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to the several Acts of Parliament

now in Force for that Purpose, or, having been stamped, have been loll or millaid, and

for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped.

WHEREAS divers Persons who, on account of their Offices, Places, Employments, or Proses-

iions, or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have taken and fqbscribed the Oaths, or the

4 A flu ranee, reipeCiivdy appointed to be by such Persons taken and subscribed, in and by an AvSl made

4 in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, of glorious Memory, intituled,

4 An Act for the frather Security of his Majcjlfs PerJ'on and Government, and the SuccejJion of the Crown

4 in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Prctejlcnts \ and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended

4 Prime a/ Wales, and his open andfccret Abetters; or to have qualified iheinselves according to an Ail

‘ made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the well

4 governing and regulating Corporations ; or to have qualified themselves according to another Act made in

4 the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing the Dan-

4 gers which may happen from Popish RccuJ'anis, by receiving the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper according

8 4 to

