A. D* 1768. Anno octavo Geokg nIII. C. 5,6,7, 8,9. 4|i

* the Powers given by the said Acts last mentioned; therefore’ be it hereby further enacted, That the said

last-mentioned Acts shall be, and the fame are hereby revived, and shall be and remain in full Force^vcd‘ and^ob*

and Effect to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. p0rce.

IV. And,be it further fenacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said recited Act or Nothing in the

this Act contained, touching the making and returning Lifts of qualified Persons to be Surveyors of the"c:ted cr piefcnr

Highways, and the Apointmejit of such Surveyors, nor the Repeal of Part of an Act made in the Third

Year of King William and Queen Mary relating to such Surveyors, shall extend, or be construed, deemed, Lrti/of

or taken to extend, to (he City of Brijlol\ but that the several Acts of Parliament which have been parted Perfom qualified

previous to the said Act of last Session relative to Surveyors of the Highways, and to cleansing, paving,tobeSmYeyor«of

lighting, and regulating* the Streets and other Places within the said City, shall remain in mil Force,th* Highway*,

and be executed in. as full and ample Manner and Form, to all Intents andT Purposes, as the fame might

or ought to have been if neither the said Act of last Session, nor this Act, had ever been made; and the vcy0ri 5 nor the

competent Number of qualified Persons, of which a List directed by the said Act of the Third of KingRepealof p«i of

William and Queen Mary to be returned for each Parish to the Justices at their Special Sessions, in orderJhc 3 Wttm

for the Appointment of Surveyors, is hereby declared, so far as concerns the City of Bristol, shall be^tingto^focK

Ten at the least; and that all Appointments of such Surveyors that have-been made within the said City by surveyor* *« to

virtue of the said Act of last Session, shall from henceforth be void. extend to the city

of BrifUl; but the several Acts previous to the recited Act of the last Session, relative to Surveyors, and to the detnGng, lighting, £fc. the Streets in Lh fjlcl,

are to be in Force, and fully executed. The Number of qualified Persons, directed by Act 3 William and Mary to be returned, in the Lifts for each Parish, to

tke Justices, as far at concerns BriJIgi, is to consist of xo at the least; and all Appointment* of Surveyors, within the said City, under the Act of the last Session,

are from henceforth declared void.

CAP. VI.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within

the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Pu»pose; and to indemnify Members,

and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and JBorough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to he

stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them

Time to provide Admissions duly stamped. E X P. .•

CAP. VII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarers. EXP.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain* for the Service

of the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight. 3 s. in the Pound\ EXP.

CAP. IX.

An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His presentSec9G-3 «.$•

Majesty, intituled. An Act for Importation of Salted Beef Porky Bacon* and Butter* fromloG'yuu

Ireland, for a limited Time \ and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon,

and Butter, from the British Dominions in America* for a limited Time.

II. "PROVIDED nevertheless, and-be it further enacted. That from and after the First Day of February* Cood*,^. im.

jL One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, no Subsidy, Custom, Imposition, Rate, or Duty what-JJ*^ tcited o*

foeyer, shall be paid or payable upon, for, or in respect of, any of the Goods or Commodities which shall ^sent Act, to bt

be imported into this Kingdom by virtue of 5 Geo. 3 c. 1. or this Act ; but that all such Goods and Com- Duty $ee, 5rc,

modities shall and may be freely landed; and the Importers or Proprietors thereof, or any other Person

or Persons, shall not be iuhjeft}to any Penalty, Forfeiture, or Loss, or such Goods or Commodities liable to

be seized or forfeited for or on Account of such landing; any Thing contained in the said former Act to

the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided nevertheless. That the said Continuation may be abridged or shortened, and this Act and ftonen ng^the*

the said former Act, or either of them, or any Part thereof, may be altered and varied, by any other continuation, or

Act or Acts to be made in this present* Session of Parliament. altering or vary.

Ing these Act*.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of February, s*Ired Provision»

One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to im- from 'the

port into Great Britain* from the British Dominions in America* at any Time or Times before the First British Coionie*

Dav of May* One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, any Salted Beef* Pork, Bacon, and Butter* in /^m.rrVrtDuty.

without the Payment of any Subsidy, Custom, Duty, or Imposition whatsoever; any Thing in any for- frcc» *fcrc 1

mer Act or Acts c/f Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. K%LrT»rto t

A'l mm* An Ma,.bt 1771

jo Cep. III. c. 2

