A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii MV C. 30. 207

and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, at the Rate of one Found one Shilling for each *nd Allow-

Meeting; and also for the Cloathing of the MiKtia for such County, Riding, or Place, after the Rate of cicrkj^cf^he

three Pounds ten Shiiliugs for each Serjeant, and two Pounds for each Drummer, with the Addition of one GeneraUni*

Pound for each Serjeant Major, and each Drum Major; and with respe^l to the private Militia Men, where s.ibaivision

the Militia hath beex embodied, or having not been embodied, hath not been cloathed within three Years, Meeting ;

at the Rate of one Pound ten Shillings for each Private Man. and piv for

Cloathing of the

II. Provided n evert h el efsi That in any County, Riding, or Place, where Pay has not yet been iflwed for

the Militia, no ftiy shall be i/Tucd' until his Majesty’s Lieutenant, or in his Abie nee, any three Deputy

Lieutenants, of any such County, Riding, or Place, shall have certified to the Commissioners of his IVIa-

jesty’s Treasury, and to the Receiver General of the Land Tax, that three-fifths of the Number of Pri-

vate Militia Men of such County, Riding or Place, have been inrolled, and that three*fifths of the Pro-

portion of their Commission Officers have accepted their Commissions, and entered their Qualifications as

by Law required.

Receivers General the Inrolment of three-fifths of the Men

Militia-

The ab^ve Sums

are not to be

paid, if Fay haa

not befere been

issued, till the

Ld. Lieut, or

Deputies /hall

have certified to

theTleafuty and-

and Officer*.

III. And be it enacted, That all such Sums of Money aforesaid, except such as shall be due to the feve- The Money is to*

ral Clerks of the Meetings aforesaid, and except such as shall be due on account of Cloathing, shall, where R^ve^enc-

the Militia has never been embodied, be paid by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, ra*to the cierfc

into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiments or Battalions of Militia belonging to such County, of the Regiment-

Riding, or Place, upon his or their producing his or their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such or Battalion (e*-

Office. under the Hand and Seal of his Majesty’s Lieutenant for such respective County, Priding, or Place; ccPf the Allow-

and where the Militia has been embodied, into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiments or Bat- cieSuof the

talions, upon his or their producing his or their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such Office, un- Meetings) a pon-

der the Hand and Seal of the Colonel, or, where there is no Colonel, of the Commanding Officer of each producing the

Regiment or Battalion respectively, notwithstanding such Militia shall have been disembodied; and where warrant of hie

the Militia shall be formed into an lndependant Company, or Independant Companies, such Sums as afore- Appointment*

said shall be paid by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the Hands of the re- Jant SjcnpaoTcl*

spective Captain of each lndependant Company of Militia, or to such Person as such lespective Captain tothc respeat*-

Inall authorize to receive the same, according to the Number of Persons hereby intitled to receive Pay and Captain*, or to

^loathing, of which such Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, lndependant Company or In- their Order;

dependant Companies, shall have been appointed to consist, according to the Establishment laid down in an p^liAment

Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act to explain, amend, dow» io tho.

and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the railing and train- Milium A&of

4 ing the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England;9 and such Receiver or Receivers General » G«o. 3.

*of the Land Tax shall also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month from A second

/the Time of the said first Payment, make a fecona Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance; and shall with?a

also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the three Calendar Months from the Time of the said j Month* after

second Payment, make a third Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance, for the Pay and contingent the first; and*.

Expences of the Militia, and for the Allowances to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk or Clerks aforesaid, third within

in the Pwiponions herein before mentioned; and the Receipts of such Clerk or Clerks, and of such Cap- 3 Month* arte*.

-Aain of an lndependant Company, or Captains of lndependant Companies, or of such Person or Persons the

as such Captain or Captains shall so authorize to receive such Money as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Dif- p'iVm to whom

charge to such Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the several hums of Money so by him the Money fttil*

them paid. be so paid, d»f-

charge the Re-

IV. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall forthwith, after

»e Receipt of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, pay, or eause to be paid, one Calendar Month’s Pay in

Advance to the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion respectively; and to the Captain or Commanding

ORccr of each Company belonging to such Regiment or Battalion, two Months Pay in Advance for the

Serjeants, Drummers, and the contingent Expences of his respective Company; out of which /aid contin-

gent Money each Captain shall pay to the Commanding Officer of each Regiment or Battalion one Penny

m Mvrtfa so^ each Private Man and Drummer, for the defraying the Expences of the Hospital; and also to

'ftse Commanding Officer of the Company to which the Serjeant Major and Drum Major shall belong, two

Arfonths Pay in Advance for such Serjeant and Drum Major; and so from time to time so long as any Mo-

on that Account shall remain in his Hands: Which Pay every such Captain or Commanding Officer is

tiCTeby required to distribute to each Person belonging ro his Company, by this Act intitled to receive the

fame, as it shall become due; and shall, once in every Year, give in to the Clerk of the Regiment or Bat-

talion to which such Company shall belong, or, if Captain of an lndependant Company, to the Receiver

<jtm«ral, an Account of the several Payments he shall have made in pursuance of this A&, according to

the following Form:

VottiHi Chart* of the Hofprtal; and for the Serjeant Major and Dro«n Major; to be paid to the Commanding Officer of the Company so

Captain* to distnbute the Fay accoidiogly; and account for the Umt yearly to 1 be Clerk. or Reteim General if an loUrLendant

«*'*H*iM Mowing form; ! 7

icJvcr* General.

The Regimental

and Bitfalinn

Clerks are to pay

In Advance one

Month '* Fay to

the Adiutant;

and % Month*

Pay to each Cap-

tain, for the Ser*

jeants. Drum-

mer*, and con-

tingent Expencei

of the said Com-

pany; Ca; tain

pay for each Mia

1 d. per Month

out of the con-

tingent Money;,

winch thry be.

Company, me.

County

4

