A.D. 1766. Anno lexto Georgii III. C. 38. 243

For every Window* or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain nine Win- with 9—ia.

-dows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of eight Pence for each Window, or Light, in such House;

For every Window, or Light, in every Dweliing-house as aforesaid, which shall contain ten Wirf- with 10— iod.

dows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of ten Pence for each Window, or Light, in such House.

For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain eleven Win-with u—t«.

dows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of one Shilling for each Window, or Light, in such House.

For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain twelve Win- with 12—11.

.dows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of one Shilling and two Pence for each Window, or Light, 2d.

in such House.

For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain thirteen with 13—1».

Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of one Shilling and four Pence for each Window, or4d.

Light, in such House.

For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain fourteen, fif- with if to 19

teen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, or nineteen Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of one —* »• $d-

Shilling and six Pence for each Window, or Light, in such House.

For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain twenty Win- with to—1

dows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of one Shilling and seven Pence for each Window, or7d*

Light, in such House. ^

For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain twenty-one with n—1*.

Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of one Shilling and eight Pence for each Window, or Sd.

Light, in such House.

For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain twenty-two with *1—11.

Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of one Shilling and nine Pence for each Window, or 9 d*

Light, in such House.

For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain twenty-three with 13—it.

Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of one Shilling and ten Pence for each Window, or »°d*

Light, in such House.

For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain twenty-four with 24—1

Windows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of one Shilling and eleven Pence for each Window, ”d'

or Light, in such House.

And for every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain twenty- with %5, or«p-

Avc Windows, or Lights, or upwards, the yearly Sum of two Shillings for each Window, or Light, in wwd#» e*ch»

every such House.

III. Provided nevertheless, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That the said several and Window T« to

respective yearly Sums herein before charged upon every Window, or Light, contained in every such ^P*ld> #vr/

Dwelling-house as aforesaid, shall be paid over and above the said respective Duties of three Shillings, and put *S°0V^1 e

one Shilling, upon Houses before mentioned. Houfr*.

IV. Provided always. That no House or Cottage in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland that has Housei in Scot-

not more than five Windows, or Lights, shall pay, or be liable to pay, the Duty of one Shilling imposed land» wilh 00t

on each House by this present Act. ™ore than 5

* • window $} ex-

empted from the Duty on Houses.

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Rate or Assessment Rare? made in

hath been or shall be made in pursuance of the said former Acts, or any of them, for raising all or any of puifuanccof

the Rates and Duties thereby granted upon Houses, Windows, or Lights, for and in respect of the Quar- former Acts,i«

ter. Half Year, or any other Time, after the said tenth Day of Oftobery one thou find seven hundred and

sixty-six; every such Kate or Aflfeflment, so far as the fame relates to the raising such Rat s and Duties in oa. 1766, .rc

respect of such Quarter, Half Year, or other Term, after the said tenth Day of October^ shall be null and dctUreu uuii.

void.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates and Duties by this Act Rare* to be paid

granted shall be paid Quarterly, at the four mod ulual Days of Payment in the Year; th;.t is to say, on Qu iterly.

the fifth Day of January y the fifth Day of Aprils the fifth Day of jMv, anti the tenth Day of Oilober, by

even and equal Portions ; the fitft Payment thereof to be made upon the fifth Day of January, one theu.-

sand seven hundred and sixty-seven.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the faiJ fevernl Rates and Duties by ThrfrRa»ciand

th:« Ad imposed, and also the Arrears of the Rates and Duties granted by the find former Acts, shall be Duties *»ui Ar-

raised, levied, collided, and paid, into his Majesty’s Exchequer for the Purposes in this Act expressed, in or tl1"c<

such anj the like Form and Manner, and with such Allowances, and under Inch Penalties, Lotfeiturcs, rxcVe-

2nd liabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are pu*fcr:lv:J or appointed <per, urcnrJia*

for fading, levying, collecting, and paying, the Duties on Houses, and Windows, or Light?, in and by to^ R“!c»,

the saul Acts of Parliament made in the faiJ twentieth and thirty-first Years of the Kei^n of his said laic *c- P,ifc!ri/fd In

MajHty, and in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and in and by one other Act of Par- 20

Itament made in the twentieth Year of his said late Maj :fty’s Reign, intituled, 4 An Act to enforce the Exc- * ,\^co 2. c. at.

* eution of an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to his Maj city several Rates and Duties 2 Oeo. 3. c. 3/

1 unon Houses, Windows, or Lights*/ and in and by an Act of Parliament nude in the twenty- 20Cco 2 z.+1.

fbft Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, 4 An Act for explaining, amending, and fur- *r,li 11 Gco*

‘ ther enforcing the Execution of, an Act passed in the hft Session of Pailianunt, intituled,A:1 pr*',0*

1 i * 4 r(pulling

