TKe TITLES of

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

and Common Fields, within the Manor or Lordship of

Tilsworth, in the County of Bedford.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Comnlon Meadows, Common Pastures, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish

of IWoughton on the Green, in the County of Bucks•

26. An Act to distolve the Marriage of Thomas Brooke

Doctor in Physic, with Harriet Nelthorpe, his now

Wife ; and to enable him to marry again j and for other

Purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act for exemplifying or inrolling an Indenture of

Settlement of Elizabeth Bridges, and the Will and Co-

dicils of Brooke Bridges Esquire ; and making the same

Evidence, as well in Ireland as Great Britain,

2%, An Act to enable Thomas Killbsrn, and his Issue Male,

tOvtake and use the Surname of BurroweS) pursuant to

the Will of John Burrowcs, deceased.

29. An Act to enable Thomas Jenner, an Infant, and his

Issue, to take and use the Surname of Worgc only, pur-

suant to the Will of George IVorge, deceased.

30. An Act to enable the most Noble John Duke of Bed-

ford) and the most Honourable Elizabeth Marchioness of

Tavistock, and the Survivor of them, and such Person or

Persons as they, or the Survivor of them, shall, by any

Deed or Writing, or by his or her last Will and Testa-

ment, nominate or appoint, to make Leases of the Real

Estates late of the most Honourable Francis Rujjel)

called Marquis of Tavistock, deceased.

31. An Act for vesting several undivided Parts of divers

Baronies, Lands, and Hereditaments, late the Estate of

Brice Fisher Esquire, deceased, situate in the Provinces

of South Carolina and Georgia, in America, in Trustees,

to be sold, discharged of the Uses of the Will of the

said Brice Fifier; and for vesting the Money arising by

such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments,

in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be settled

to the Uses of the said Will.

32. An Act for establishing and confirming Articles of

Agreement, dated thirty-first of March, one thousand

seven hundred and sixty seven, between the Honourable

William Edwardes, Rowland Edvcardes, John Owen Ed-

ivardcs, Esquires, and the Right Honourable Henry

Lord Holland, concerning the Manor of Abbots Ken-

fngtotiy and divers Messuages, Lands, and Heredita-

ments, in the Parish of Kaifm*ton* in the County of

Middlesex \ ^nd for vesting such Manor, Lands and

Hereditaments, in Trust, to sell and convey the fame

to the said Flenry Lord Holland j and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

33. An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of certain

Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredi-

taments, situate and being in the County of Berks, late

the Estate of Charles Lord Vffcount Fane, deceased, and

which, upon his Death, became vested in PofLflion, in

Dorothy Countess of Sandwich, in Trustees, and their

Heirs, in Trust, to be sold; and for applying the

Money to arise by the "Sale thereof in the Manner

therein mentioned.

34. An Act to enable JVilUarn Tuffnell Jcliff Esquire, Lord

of the Manor of Barners, otherwise Barnersbury, in

Islington, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building

Leales of the Demesne Lands thereto \ and to rate and

assess Fines on certain Copyhold Lands, within the said

Manor, for encouraging the Tenants to build thereon.

35. An Act for Sale of the Freehold Estate, late of Roger

Drake Esquire, deceased ; and for laying out the Money

the STATUTES.

arising thereby for the Benefit of Roger Drake, an In-

fant, his eldest Son, and Heir at Law.

36. An Act for making a Building, intended for a Chapel,

lately erected by William IVright Esquire, in the Town-

ship of Stockport) and County and Diocese of Chester9

a perpetual Cure and Benefice; and for endowing the

fame.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Heath, called Naveflock Common and Heath) within the

Manors of Navtjhck and Lofthall) in the County of

Essex.

38. An Act for felling Part of a Green, called Kurds

I Green) in the Borough of Derby, in the County of Dn by,

and for applying the Money arising from the Sale there-

of, in the Improvement of the remaining Part of the

said Green ; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-

mon Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in IVclwick and

Ufecton) in the Parish of IVelwick) in Holderness) in the

East Riding of the County of York.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Fields,

Meadows, Wade, and other Commonable Lands, lying

within the Manor or Liberty of Little SheepeY) in the

County of Lcicr/fer.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Grounds, and Common Fen, in

the Parish of Alorton) in the County of Lincoln, and

for draining and improving the said Fen.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and

Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, within the

Lordship or Liberty oi Ashby de la Zouch, in the County

of Leicester.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Lands, in the

Parish of ITi Houghton, in the County of Lincoln,

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons,

Waste Grounds, Open Fields, Common Meadows, and

Common Pastures, in the Liberty of Littleo-vcr^ within

the Parish of Mickleover) in the County of Derby,

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-

mons, and Town Fields, within the Township of Ea/I

Aston, in the Parish of Scamer, in the County of York,

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Field.*,

Common Meadow's, and Common Pastures, in the Barilla

of Normanton next Derby, in the County of Derby,

47. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen

Lands and Low Grounds, in the Parishes of Lakcnhcath

and Brandon, rn the County of Suffolk,

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the

Parishes of Li Hey and Offey, in the County of Hertford,

except a certain Sheep Down, commonly called Lit icy

HoO) in the Parish of Lilley) and certain Lands, Part of

the said Common Fields, lying South East of If'ejl Lane

End, the Mill Hoffe, and Colds CrofS) and North East

of the Town of Offey,

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields*

Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of North

Burton, otherwise Burton Flemming) in the County of

York.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Liber-

ties of Epperstone, in the County of Nottingham.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons,

and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of If dvertr re*

in the Parish of Childwally in the County Palatine of

Lancaster.

52. An

