7©4

fevers ro g'vc

Notice or thiir

i>; Hei of At*aJe

io itie hut veyois

C. 23. Anno decimo Georg 11 III. A. D. 177o.

such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid ; then, and in every such Cafe, the Person or Persons guilty

of such Neglect, shall for every fucUOffence severally forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds : And if any

Pipe or Pipes (other than such as belong to any of the Water-cornpanics) shall happen to break or burffc

in any of the said Squares, Streets, Lancs, Courts, Yards, Mewfes, Alleys, Pa (Pages, or Places, the-

Owner or Owners thereof shall cause the Ground to he opened, and such Pipe or Pipes to be repaired,

within the Times before respecPively limited for such Purposes, and also shall forthwith give Notice to tin:

Contractor or Contractors, Surveyor or Surveyors,1 or other Person or Persons, so appointed as aforesaid,

to relay the Pavement so broken or taken up, upon pain of forfeiting for c\ery such Neglect or Refusal the

Sum or Forty Shilling?) or if any Pavement shall be broken or taken up by the Commissioners of Sewers, for

the Purposes of making, repairing, or altering any Sewer or Drain, or for any other Purpose what foe ver*

the Surveyor for the Time being to the said Commissioners of Sewers, or such other Person or Persons so

breaking or taking up the said Pavement, shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Surveyor or Surveyors,

' Contractor or Contractors, or other Person or Persons appointed by the Commissioners for putting this Act

in Execution, to relay or repair the Pavement so broken or taken up as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting,

for every fuchNcglect or Refusal, the Sum of Forty Shillings ; or if the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to or

for whom such N otice shall be given or left as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to acquaint the Contractor

or Contractors, or other Person or Persons so appointed as aforesaid, of such Notice ; or if such Contractor

or Contractors, or such other Person or Persons, shall not, within Two Days next after such Notice ref-

pvdtively given, relay or repair the fame ; then, and in every such Cafe, the Person rr Persons so respec-

tively offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and the like.

Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day such Pavement shall continue, without being relayed or repaired*

after the Expiration of the said Two Days.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Paviors and

Turncocks now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed in case of the Death or Removal of any such Pavior

. or Turncock, by the said several and respective Water-companies, shall, and they are hereby required,

v/i.hin the Space of Three Days next after the passing of this AdfGcr within the Space ofThree Days next

after the Palling of this Act, or within the Space or Three Days next after he or they shall be appointed

Pavior or Paviors, Turncock or Turncocks, to such Company or Companies, to give Notice, in Writing,

to the Surveyor or Surveyors for the 'Lime being to the Commissioners for putting this in Execution, or

inch other Person or Persons as shall be by them, or any Five or more of them, appointed for that Pur-

CommWTionns

<4 Srwers to re-

pair Drains, &c.

\n hi; h ;<r.* ur.-lcr

ifleir J)motion,

O vnrrs of Pflts

to jeijy or r- j.air

th«*oi th--ir

own C.iJtbcs.

E v c ? ccof

r.!• inn *■_' Sewers,

£ . to ! c j’aid In-

to'rmllln-i trs.

f! bj.ve:*, &c.

to

pose ; w ich Notice shall contain such Pavior’s or Turncock’s Name and Place of Abode respectively, as

also ro what Company he is Pavior or Turncock, and in what Diffrict he has the Care of such Company or

Companies Pipes; and, in like Manner, the Surveyor or Surveyors to such Commissioners for the l ime

being, shall, within the respective Times aforesaid, give Notice to the respecflve Paviors and Turncocks

of the said several Water-companies, of his or their own Place or Places of Abode, and also to the Surveyor

or Surveyors, or to the Commissioners of Sewers, of the Names and Places of Abode of such Contractor or

Contractors, and of the Pavior or Paviors employed by such Commissioners ; and every Person or Persons

neglecting or refilling to give such Notice as aforesaid, within the Times before respectively specified, shall,

for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Sewer or Drain

which shall or may be under the Direction of the Commissioners of Scwer^, in any of the said Squares,

Streets, Lancs, Courts, Yards, Mewfes, Alleys, Passages, or Places, shall require to be repaired, altered,

clean fed, or emptied, or any new or additional Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, shall be necessary to be

made, or any new Grate or Grates to he made and put over any Sewer in any of the said Squares, Streets,

or Places, or any old Grates over the fame shall require to be repaired, removed or altered ; then, and in

.every such Cafe, the said Commissioners of Sewers shall, within Three Days next after Notice given to, or

Jest for, their Surveyor for the Time being, at his last or usual Place of Abode, cause such Sewer or Sewers,

Drain >or Drains, to be made, repaired, altered, cleanled, or emptied, or such new and additional Grates

to he made and put down, or such old Grates to be repaired, removed, or altered ; and, in Default thereof,

it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Time being for putting this Act in Execu-

tion, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, to cause such

Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, to be made, repaired, altered, cleansed, or emptied, or such new and

additional Grates to be made and put down, or such old Grates to be repaired, removed, or altered, as the

Cafe may require, or so much thereof as shall remain unfinilhcd.

Mil. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That the Charges and Expences of re-

laying or repairing the Pavement which shall he broken or taken up k>r the Purpose of repairing or amend-

ing any such Pipe or Pipes, not belonging to any of the Water-companies, shall be paid to the Commifli-

oners for putting this Ad/t in Execution, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them,

shall appoint to receive the same, by the respective Owner or Owners of such Pipe or Pipes ; and that 1 lie

Charges and Expences of making, repairing, altering, cleansing, or emptying any such Sewer, Drain, or

Vault, and of making and putting down such new and additional Grates, and altering and repairing such

old Grates, and of relaying and repairing the Pavement so broken or taken up for any of the Purposes afore-

said, Hull he paid to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of

them, shall appoint to receive the same, by the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said Commis-

ftouers of Sewers, or determined by the Person or Persons who shall t;ue up, or cause the said Pavement, or any Part

thereof, to be taken up, for the Purposes aforesaid ; and in case the respective Owner or Owners of such

Pipe or Pipes as aforesaid, or the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners of Sewers, or other Person or

Pei fons as aforesaid, Hull neglect or refuse to pay what shall have been so laid out and disbursed for the Pur-

poses aforesaid, within'Fen Days next after Notice thereof in Writing, ffgned by the Clerk to th*

Coniniiilioners

