9*

The Sums so

Kftei to be

placed out of the

- next Supplies.

The said Annui-

ties to be p-ud up

in full to25 Dec.

y6j.

Bank not to in-

cur a:iy l^ifabi-

lity by reason of

this A&,

General URie.

Treble Cofti.

Preamble.

See 6 Oeo. 3.

« 40 §46.

7 Geo. j.c.45,

30.

Act 13 & 14

in. 1. c. 11.

C. 43. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sums of Money which shall be

issued and applied, by virtue of this A<$, out of the said Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, for

Payment of the said Annuities, shall be made good and replaced by and out of the Supplies to be granted

in the next Session of Parliament.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if all or any Part of

the Principal Monies, composing such Part of the said Capital or Joint Stock hereby intended to be re-

deemed, shall be paid and satisfied at the Bank of England, before the twenty-fifth Day of December, one

thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the said Governor and Company shall, notwithstanding the farre.

pay, and they are hereby impowered to pay, in respeeft of the Principal Monies so discharged, the full

Sums which the Annuities attending the fame would have amounted to, on the twenty-hfth Day of

December one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; any thing herein or in any other Act contained to

the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and

Company, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of his or their doing any

Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at

any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in

pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, such Person or Persons shall a*d

may plead the General KTue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his and their Defence; and if a

Verdidf shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or

their Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him or them, upon Demurrer or other-

wife, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awtfdeJ against such

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for the better securing, and further Improvement, of the Revenues of Customs,

Excise, Inland and Salt Duties , and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the ljle of

Man; and for allowing the Importation of several Goods the Produce and Manufacture of

the said Kland, under certain Rcflridtions and Regulations.

\

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 OUR Majesty having been most graciously pleased, at the Opening of this Session of Parliament*

4 J to recommend from the Throne to your faithful Commons the Continuance of that Attention

4 which hath hitherto been shewn to the Improvement of the Publick Revenue, we have thought it our

4 Duty to apply ourselves with the utmost Zeal and Assiduity to carry into Execution every proper Mea^

4 sure for the Attainment of that End; and though we have already prepared several Bills for that Pur-

4 pose, which have received your Royal Approbation, we are desirous to establish (till further Regulations,

4 which, by a more exact and equal Collection of the Publick Revenue, and without laying any new

4 Burthens on your People, may tend to the Accompli(hment of so great and salutary a DeTign: And

4 whereas by an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the

4 Second (intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in his Majestys Customs) it is,

4 amongst other Things, enacted, That the Person or Persons which were or should be appointed for

4 managing the Customs, and Officers of his Majesty’s Customs, and their Deputies, should be thereby

4 authorized and enabled to go and enter aboard any Ship or Vessel, as well Ships of War as Merchant

4 Ships, from thence to bring on Shore all Goods prohibited or uncustomed, except Jewels, if they be

4 outwards bound; and if they be Ships or Vessels inwards bound, from thence to bring on Shore into his

Majesty’s Storehouse, all small Parcels of fine Goods, or other Goods, which should be found in Cabins,

4 Chests, Trunks, or other small Package, or in any private or focrct Place in or out of the Hold of the

4 Ship or Vessel, which might occasion a just Suf, icion that they were intended fraudulently to be con-

4 vcyed away; and all other Sorts of Goods whatsoever, for which the Duties of Tonnage and Poundage

4 were not paid or compounded for within twenty Days after the first Entry of the Ship, to be put and

4 remain in the Storehouse aforesaid, until his Majesty’s Duties thereupon be paid; unless the said Person

4 or Persons which were or should be appointed by his Majesty for managing the Customs, and Officers

4 of the Customs, should fee just Cause to allow a longer Time, as in and by the said recited A& more

4 at large appears: And whereas in the Chests, Trunks, Bales, Cafes, and other Package, which con-

4 tained Goods so sent and carried to his Majesty’s Storehouse by the Officers of the Customs in pursuance

4 of the said A&, and likewise in Packages which are brought on Shore by virtue of a Special Sufferance

4 or Order from the Commissioners or Principal Officers of the Customs, to be examined before Entry

and Payment of Duties, at the Request and Application of the Owners thereof; and also in and amongst

4 such Goods themselvej, there are often found concealed and enclosed Lace and other fine Goods and

4 Merchandizes, which lie in little Compass, and of which no Entries are often intended to be made, or

4 Duties paid for, by the Owners or Proprietors thereof, or their Agents, unless and until the fame are

4 discovered by the Officers of his Majesty’s Customs; by which fraudulent Concealments the Revenue

4 thereof is greatly defrauded May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enabled; and be it

enabled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

