722 C.

24, 25. Anno decimo Georgii III. A. v. 1770.

this present Act and the said former Acts hereby continued, and the Terms and Powers hereby or thereby

granted, into Execution.

Expences of pif$- VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall be and are hereby

m?'th s Act, to authorised and impowered, out of the firit Monies to be by them received by virtue of or under this present

hrl rJlJ# or any of the former Acts, to pay and discharge all such Expences as shall be incurred by reason or on ac-

count of, or in passing this present Act.

Rates applicable VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall

noibrreb extenc^ to make void or discontinue the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, by the said Act of the Sixth

vuoated^1 “ Year of Her said late Majesty’s Reign charged and made payable, for the constant and necessary Repara-

tions of the said Key or Harbour, after the Expiration of the said Term of Twenty-one Years thereby

but to continue granted; but that the said Rates and Duties shall, from and after the Expiration of the said Term hereby

payable in Man-continued (so lon^as the said Pier and Harbour shall be kept in Repair) be charged and made payable to

iv-r d.rean by the Person or Perions* and in such Manner and under such Rules and Directions, Penalties and forfeitures

6 apd 10 as iS or arc mentioned and expressed in the said Act of the Sixth, or in the said Clause rn the Act of the

nac‘ Tenth Year of Her said late Majesty’s Reign, touching or concerning the fame; any Thing herein con-

tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Publick Act. VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged,

and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, justices, and

pther Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

A.D.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the better paving, repairing, and cleaning, the Streets, and other.publick Passages,

in the several Parishes and Wards of Saint Michael, Saint John, Holy Saint Law-

rence, /i'll Saints within the Bar, All Saints without the Bar, and East Street and Bag-row,

within the Town of Southampton, and Liberties thereof; and for preventing Nuifancts and

Annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the fame more commodious > and for

the lighting and watching the said Streets and publick Passages.

Tremble.

Commissionrn

N*mes.

C^alifj. afion of

Commi.iiUJiers.

Penalty on act-

ing, if unquali-

fied.

WHEREAS the Town of Southampton is, of late Years, become very populous, and many Per-

rons resort thereto to bathe in the Sea and drink the Sea Water for their Health: And uhcreas

the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages, within the several Parishes and

4 Wards of -S int Michael, Saint John, Holy Rood, Saint Lawrence, All Saints within the Bar, AH Saints

4 uitbout the Bar, and East Street and Bag-row, within the said Town or the Liberties thereof, are in a

4 very ruinous Condition, and, in general, very ill paved, repaired, and cleansed, lighted, and watched,

and the Passages thereof are greatly obstructed by various Nuisances and Annoyances/.* And whereas

4 several of the said Streets, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and publick Paflhges are, in some Parts thereof, too

4 narrow, and extremely incommodious for the passing of Carriages and Persons: And whereas it would

4 tend greatly to the Health, Benefit, and Advantage, of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Liberties,

and to all persons referring thereto, if the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts. Ways, and publick

4 Passages, were properly paved, repaired, cleansed:, lighted, and watched, and widened where necessary,

and the said Nuisances and Annoyances were removed, and prevented for the future: But as the fame

4 cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament, May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may

4 be enacted; and* b£ it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same. That the Mayor* Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Town of

Southampton, for the Time being; together with Arthur Atherley, Bercher Baril, Samuel Blount, William

Bulkely, Joseph Copley, Thomas Collingwood, Adam Clutterbuck, Philip Enouf, Gorges Foyle. Charles Gore,

Andrew Goater Haynes, Esquires; the Reverend Edward Jones Clerk, Robert Jefferies, Alexander Irvine,

IJaac Mallortie, Henry James Pye, William Rujeme, John Rujhworth, John Smith, Esquires; the Reverend

James Scott Clerk, IVaiter Taylor Gentleman, Charles Vigncles, Charles Whit more, Robert IVelJh Esquires;

and Henry Ward Gentleman, and their Successors, to be appointed in the Manner herein after mentioned,

shall be, and they are hereby appointed, Commissioners for putting in Execution all the Powers and Au-

thorities in and by this Act given and granted.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person, except the Mayor. Aldermen, and Common Council of

the said Town, for the Time being, shall be qualified or capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execu-

tion of this Act, unless he {hall be an Inhabitant of, or resident within, the said Town or Liberties, and

shall be in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Receipt of the Rents and

Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Thirty, Pounds, arising

within the said Town or Liberties thereof, or shall be possessed of a Real and Personal Estate together to

the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds, such Real Estate being situate within the said Town or

Liberties of the fame: And if any Person hereby deemed incapable to act as a Commissioner in the Exe-

cution of this Act, shall presume to act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; every such

Person shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons

who shall fee for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Recora at WeshmnJler, by

Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, wherein no Efloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One

Imparlance, shall be allowed > and the Person so feed Hull prove that he was so qualified at the Time ho

acted,

