4i a

Annuities

charged upon

the Duties*

Annuities to be

free from Taxes.

Purchaser to

have a Receipt,

and an

Order for Pay-

ment.

Sum to he spe-

cified in the

Order.

Annuities af-

signable.

* i

Entry to be made

of ail Align-

ment!.

Annuitants to

enter on them

oo Default of

Payment.

Notice to be

given of borrow-

ing Money.

Application of

the Money.

C. 52. Anno feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1767,

the said Annuity, together with the Arrears thereof, shall be paid to such Annuitant or Aou^tanu,

or their Assigns.

XXIX. And be it further enacted* That the said annual Payment of. twenty-£ve Pounds to the fai4

Corporation of Saint Ivesy and all and every Sum and Sums of Money to be advance^ by way qif Loan i&

aforesaid, and the interest payable for the fame, and all and every the Annuity or Annuities (a to pe pur-

chafed under and by virtue of this A3, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and shall he paid apd pay-

able from time to time out of the Monies arifina by the said Kates and Duties hereby granted; ana all

and every Contributor or Contributors upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Consideration or Pur-

chafe Money for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, such Person or Persons ai he* or they,

shall appoint, his, her, er their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, mail nave, receive,

and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive, and enjoy, the respediye Annuity or

Annuities so to be purchased out of the said Rates and Duties by this Act appropriated and appointee! for

the Payment thereof during the Term of the natural Life of the Person to he nominated by each and every

such Purchaser and Contributor as above-mentioned; and that all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers,

and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shall have good, sure, absolute, and inde-

feazable Estates and Interests in the Annuities so by them respectively put chafed, or to be purchased, ac-

cording to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act ; and that neither the said annual Payment to the said

Corporation of Saint Ives, or any of the said Annuities, shall he fuhjed or liable to any Taxes laid or to

be laid by the Authority of Parliament, or otherwise howfpever.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Contributor upon this Act for; the Purchase of any such

Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Confutation or Pur-

chafe Money for the fame, or any Part or Proportion thereof, into the Hands of the said Trustees, or any

five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall for that Pur-

pose appoint, shall have one or more Receipt or Receipts importing the Receipt of such Purchase Money

as shall be so paid ; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money forTuch Annuity or Annuities, every such

Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Assigns respectively, shall have an Order on Parchment or

Vellum for Paymeot of the said Annuity or Annuities for and during the natural Life of such Person as

shall be nominated therein as aforesaid ; in which Order shall likewise he inserted how much the Sum pAJ

by such Contributor or Annuitant, together with the other Sums paid in on Annuities before that Time, do*

really amount to, to the end it may be publickly known how nearly the said Sum of ten thou fund Pounds

allowed by this Act to he advanced upon Annuities is complete, and when the said Sum is actually com-

pleted 5 which Order shall be made by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, at a publick Meet-

ing; and after the Signing thereof, the fame shall, by the Authority of this Act, be firm, good, valid, and

eifedual in Law, according to the Purport and Meaning thereof.

XXXI. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Purchaser or Pur-

ebafers of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, and their Executors, Administrators,.

or Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals, to assign such

Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, or interest therein, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, when

and as often as Need or Occasion shall be or require; and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Assign-

ments, and also of all such Assignments of Securities as shall be made for Money advanced by way of

Loan at interest as aforesaid, shall be made in a Hook, which is hereby required to be kept by such Person

or Persons as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, for that Purpose, at the Charge

of the said Trustees, in such Place or Places as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall ap-

point, in the City of London; which Entry or Memorandum shall be made gratis.

XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted. That in case the said annual Sum of twenty-

five Pounds payable to the said Corporation of Saint Ives as aforesaid, or the said Annuities, or anyoftberar

or the interest of any Sum or Sums of Money to be advanced by way of Loan as aforesaid, shall be in Ar-

rear and unpaid for the Space of forty Days next after any of the Time or Times when the fame is, arc,

or shall be made payable, the said Rates and Duties shall from thenceforth vest in the said Corporation, or

such Person or Persons, to whom such Annuity or Annuities, or interest, shall be so in Arrear as afore-

said, until the fame shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with all Costs and Charges occasioned by

the Nonpayment of the fame; and the said Corporation, and all and every such Person and Persons,

shall have the fame Power, Right, and Privileges of collecting, receiving, and levying the Ciid Rates,

and Duties payable by virtue of this Act, as the said Trustees, or the Collectors or Receivers appointed

by them, could have had in case the said Annuities and interest had been regularly and fully paid and

satisfied.

XXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Money shall be borrowed or Annuities

granted on the Credit of this Act, by the said Trustees, after the first Meeting, unless Notice in Writing

tinder the Hands of the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, be, by Order of such Trustees, or any

five or more of them, fixed in the Market Place of Saint Ivesy at lead ten Days before the borrowing of

such Money.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies which shall be collefled, received, levied, and

borrowed, by virtue of this AS, shall be applied, in the first Place, in defraying the Expences incident tv,

and incurred in, the obtaining of this AS; and afterwards in defraying the necessary Expences of erect-

ing and building such Pier or Piers as aforesaid, and of improving, preserving, and maintaining, the f.-jd

Port and Harbour, and in executing the Purposes of this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose vviut-

soever.

XXXW And

t^ooooie

