A.D. 1770. Anno tiecimo Georgii in C. 49, 50. 783

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Per (on or P«son> n ay

Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, tc!tbc

such Person or Persons may, within the Space of Four Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint e 10111

{hall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter-sessions of the Peace'

for the County, Riding, Division or Place, wherein the Cause of Complaint shall arise; such Ap- .

pellantfirft giving, orcaufingto be given. Twenty-one entire Days Notice at the lead in Writing of ®l,ce’

nis or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Person or

Persons whose Acts are complained against, and within Eight Days after such Notice, entering into entering intoJUc«£-

a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the respective County, Riding, Division or mzance*

Place, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and

pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter-fefuons: And the said Justices at jnftkps to determine

their said Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into ti.niiy,

such Recognizance, {hall proceed in and hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such

Appeals in a summary Way, afnd award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against, as they andawar(icofW.

the faiJ Justices {half think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter-fcftjons {ball be binding

and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes; and no Order made concerning any of the Matters a- No Cclt.;owj^

foresaid, or any other Proceedings to be had touching the Conviftion or Convictions of any Offender

against this or any of the said Acts, {hall be quashed for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari

or any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at WestminsUr.

CAP L.

An Act for the further preventing Delays of Justice by reason of Privilege of Parliament

c WHEREAS the several Laws heretofore made for restraining the Privilege of Parliament, Preamble;.

with respect to Actions or Suits commenced and prosecuted at any Time from and imme-

4 diatcly after the Dissolution or Prorogation of any Parliament, until a new Parliament {hould meet,

4 or the fame be reassembled; and from and immediately after an Adjournment of both Houses of

4 Parliament for above the Space of Fourteen Days, until both Houses {hould meet or assemble; are*

4 inefficient to obviate the Inconveniencies arising from the Delay of Suits by reason of Privilege

of Parliament; whereby the Parties often lose the Benefit of several Terms: For the preventing

4 all Delays the King or His Subjects may receive in prosecuting their several Rights,. Titles, Debts,

4 Dues, Demands, or Suits, for which they have Caule be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent After 14 Jane, 177#*.

Majestj*, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons Sujtj beptofecutt*

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the ^purts of Record,

Twenty-fourth Day of June Onethoufand seven hundred and seventy, any Person or Persons shall ^Couruhavfn^cog-

and may, at any Time, commence and prosecute any Action or Suit in any Court of Record, or nitance of c«uf« Ma-

Court of Equity, or of Admiralty, and in all causes Matrimonial ana Tcftamentary, in any t»i«n«niai ndTeffiman*.

Court having Cognizance of causes Matrimonial and Testament-ry, against any Peer or r«ry,against Peer*, and-

Lord of Parliament of Great Britain, or against any of the Knights, Citizens, and Burdettes* /and ttoil

and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of the House of Commons of Great Britain for the Stry^au, eU.

Time being, or against their or any of their menial or any other Servants, or any other Person in-

titled to the Privilege of Parliament of Great Britain; and no such Action, Suit, or any other Pro-

cess or Proceeding thereupon, shall at any Time be impeached, stayed, or delayed, by or under

Colour or Pretence of any Privilege of Parliament. Bl,t the Prrfoniof

II. Provided nevertheless, and De it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in ^cber*01 the H<*

this Act {hall extend to subject the Person of any of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, or the alrcrtc^r^r°oned.

Commissioners of Shires and Burghs of the House of Commons, of Great Britain for the rime being,

to be arrested or imprisoned upon any such Suit or Proceedings. Curtoutof which

HI. And whereas the Process by Dislringes is dilatory and expensive: For Remedy thereof,* be it

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Court out of which the Writ proceeds, may order the and lMoncy” ifing

Issues levied from Time to Time to be sold, and the Money arising thereby to be applied to pay fuchthereby to be applied t*

Costs to the Plaintiff, as the said Court shall think just, under all the Circumstances, to order; and p*yCofl» to Plaintiff,

the Surplus to be retained until the Defendant shall have appeared, or other Purpose of the Writ be SwrPlus 10 beretained tilt

answered. # App^e^of Defend.

IV. Provided always, When the Purpose of the Writ is answered, that then the said Issues shall Vhcn Purpose it at*

be returned; or, if loid, what shall remain of the Money arising by such Sale, (hqll be repaid to the fwered, ic.ues to be

Party distrained upon. retun ed j

V. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Obedience may be °*Vf Money ie*

enforced to any Rule of His Majesty’s Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, a- obei'ence to Rule of the

gainst any Person intitled to Privilege of Parliament, by Distress infinite, in case any Person or Per- Court of King’* Bcr.ck,.

tons intitled to the Benefit of such Rule shall chuse to proceed in that Way. Common Picas,or r*

VL 4 And whereas an Act was made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of King fhc^u5r,?uy bc.enfoK#*

4 William the Third, intituled, 4n Attfor preventing any Inconveniencies that may happen by Privilege b'^ iJindV^WiiJ

4 of Parliament,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty- cxtcaJcd to Scat-

fourth Day of Junfy the said Asti* and also this Act> {hall extend to that part of Great Britain callcdbnd,

Scotland.

CAP.

