746 C. 27.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A. D. 1770.

to be

n-cie for Da-

rn .*£es,

P»>e-hvvs, how

- to be mado.

FifA Meeting.

On Drtth, &c.

of Commission-

the makings improving, compleating and maintaining the said Navigation, within the Limits aforesaid,

and to enable them to execute the several Powers hereby vetted in them.

III. Provided always. That a full and adequate Satisfaction and Compensation be made, in such Man-

ner as in the said in pait recited Act is mentioned, to all Persons, for the Damages they may sustain from

the carrying thisACt into Execution as aforesaid.

IV. Provided also, That no less than Seven Commissioners at a publick Meeting shall concur in the

making any Bye-law.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Commissioners hereby appointed,

or any Five or more of them, {hall meet together at the Sign of the Duke's Head \n King's Lynn, upon the

Sixth Day of June now next ensuing; and from thence shall have full Power ana Authority to ad-

journ themselves, and afterwarJs to meet again at Lynn and Svuaff/.am, as by the said recited Act they arc

authorised to do. ‘

VI. And, for supplying a sufficient Number of>fit and able Persons to be Commissioners for putting this

Act in Execution, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any of the said Qommif-

cbiiVi* cra 10 b? ttoners hereby appointed {ball happen to die, resign, orrefufc, in Writing under his or their Hands, to

' act, the surviving Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, from*Time to Time, and

at any Meeting of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, by Infbument under their Hands

and Seals, nominate and appoint some other Person or Persons in the Place or Stead of him or them so

dying, resigning or refusing to act ; which Commissioner or Commissioners so nominated and appointed,

{hall have, use, exercise and enjoy all and every the fame Authorities and Powers, as if he or they had been

expressly named a Commissioner in this Act.

roTt(Tawb*re VII. Provided always. That no Person shall fit or act as a Commissioner, in any Cafe where he {hall b«

inten-sted. in any wise directly or indirectly concerned in the Matter in Question ; and that no Person or Pedon*

whomsoever, other than and except the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common-council of King's

Qualification of Lynn aforesaid, for the Time being, {hall be qualified or capable of aifting as a Commissioner by virtue of

Commissioners, Act, who {hall not be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Poireilion and En-

p it joymem, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Freehold or Copy-

\n%\i not quali- bold, of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be possessed of a Personal Ettate of the Value of Two

*cd. thousand Pounds at the least : And in case any Person or Persons shall fit or act, being so interested ; or if

any Person or Persons who shall be unqualified and incapable, for the causes aforesaid, {hall nevertheless

presume to act ; every such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of

Fifty Pounds ; to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by any Person or Persons who shall sue or prose-

cuteforthe fame, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Re-

cord at Pf^efhninfhr, or at the Assizes for the said County of Norfolk ; in which Action no Eflbin, Protec-

tion, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

VIII. ‘And Whereas, by virtue of the said in part recited Act, and of this present Act, the said Com-

4 missioners hereby appointed, or any Five or more of them, are, in certain Cafes, impowered to ittue out

-c their Warrant to the Sheriff of the said County of Norfolk for the Time being, requiring him to impanel

‘ and return a Jury ; but no Directions are given by the said in part recited Act, by whom the Expence

. ' 4 of obtaining such Jury is to be borne: To pre.ent all Disputes which may arise by reason of such.

I*P?ncei of 4 Omission,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes, where any Verdict or Af-

kirics how to be fettment {hall be given or made by any such Jury for a greater Sum than {ball have been offered by or on Be-

half of the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors, or any Five or more of them, irt

Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners ; that then all the Expences of summoning and

maintaining such Jury, and of taking such Inquest (to be settled by any Two of His Majesty’s Justices of

the Peace for the Fid County of Norfolk) {hall be paid by t^e said Commissioners hereby appointed, and

their Successors, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act: But if

any such Verdict or Assessment fha!l be given or made for no more, or for a less Sum than {hall have heeii

ib prevhHifly ottered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners and their Successors, or any Five or more of

them ; then, and in every such Cafe, the Expences of summoning and maintaining such Jury, and of

taking such Inquest (to be settled in like Manner by Two Justices of the Peace) {hall be defrayed, borne,

and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and their Successors,.

or any Five or more of them, {hall have such Controversy or Dispute.

l.r.d to t»c given IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons making

> proiCwUlC.

Thr Months

Not ceot Coai-

p.ji’U to bg

giver*

Complaint, and requesting such Jury, {hall, before the said Commissioners hereby appointed, or their Suc-

ceflors, or any Five or more of them, be obliged to iliac out their Warrant or Warrants for summoning such

Jury as aforesaid, firtt enter into Bond, with Two fu'fficient Sureties, to the Treasurer to the faidOom-

missioners for the Time being, in the Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to prosecute such his, her, or their

Complaint or Complaints,' and to bear and pay the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking

such Inquest, in case a Verdict or Assessment {hall be given or made for no. more, or a less Sum than had

bee n previoufty offered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners hereby appointed, or their Successors, or

any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning such Jury or Juries.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'i hat the said Commissioners hereby appoint-

ed, and their Successors, shall not, nor Hull any of them be obliged, by virtue of this Act, or of the fiid

in part recited Act, to receive or take Notice of any Complaint or Complaints to be made hv any Person

or Persons whomsoever, for any Injury or Damage by him, her, or them fuPained', or supposed to be fuf-

tained, by reason or means of any Thing done in pnrsuance of this, or of the said in part recited A^t, unless

Applic.rion be made in relation thereto, by or on Behalf of such Person or Persons, to the said Commis-

lioners hereby appointed, or their Successors, or some Five or more of them* or their known Agent or

A^enu>

