A.D. 1767.'

Anno septimo Georgii IIF.

C. jo; 377

Hour of the Day than Twelve of the Clock at Noon, nor closed at an earlier Hour than Six of the Clocks of the Court j.

i, ,h« Atanoon.

at Noon; nor doled before 6 P. M. Tor tie Regulation of in tbt Service, fa 10 Ceo, 3. c. 47, § j.

CAP. L.

An Act for amending certain Laws relating to the Revenue of the Port Office and for grant- yf g35'

ing Rates of Portage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and ’ceT'c'V.0’

the Ijle of Man, and within that Island. Gic0-c- ”

4 Cco. a. c. 33. 26 Geo. a. c. 13. § 8. 4 Ceo. 3. c. 24. 5 Geo. 3. c. as.vXJeo. 3. c. 35;

c 7 HEREAS it is of the utmost Importance to the Trade and Commerce of these Kingdoms, that^reamfcle.

all Letters, Packets, Bank Notes, Bills of Exchange, and other Things, may be sent and con- ,

4 veyed by the Port: with the greatest Safety and Security; and it having been found necessary, that some

4 further Regulations and Provisions should be made for that Purpose May it please your Majesty that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 7 empornl, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That if any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter-carrier, Post^ioy, or Rider, or Officers or otter*

any other OiHccr or Person whatsoever, employed, or to be hereafter employed, in receiving, damping,

sorting, charging, carrying, conveying, or delivering, Letters or Packets, or in any other Business relating ^rheVcJrt 1

to the Post Office, shall, from and after the hrft Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty- office, *ht>/halt

seven, secrete, embezzle, or destroy, any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, Bag, efr Mail of Letters, secrete, embes-

which he, she, or they, shall and may be respecHvely intruded with, or which shall have come to his, her, *,c» or destroy,

or their Hands or Polleilion, containing any Bank Note, Bank Post Bill, Bill of Exchange, Exchequer

Bill, South Sea ox East India Bond, Dividend Warrant of the Bank, South Sea* East Indiay or any other wfth which’ther

Compunv, Society, or Corporation, Navy or Victualling or Transport Bill, Ordqance Debenture, Sea-ftiaii be intrust-

man’s Ticket, State Lottery "Picket or Certificate, Bank Receipt for Payment on any Loan, Note of or which

Alignment of Stock in the Funds, Letter of Attorney for receiving Annuities or Dividends, or for felling

Stock in the Funds, or belonging $0 any Company, Society, or Corporation, American Provincial Bill ofp^" ‘c°^

Credit, Goldsmith’s or Banker’s Letter of Credit or Note for or relating to the Payment of Money, ortainingany

other Bond or Warrant, Draught, Bill, or Promissory Note whatsoever, for the Payment of Money; or Bank or other-

Bull deal and take out of any Letter or Packet that shall come to his, her, or their Hands or Possession, Note» *pr P-*y-

any such Bank Note, Bank Post Bill, Bill of Exchange, Exchequer Bill, South Sea ox East India Bond,

Dividend Warrant of the Bank, South Seay East India, or any other Company, Society, or Corporation, tak/theteouf0*

Navy or Victualling or Transport Bill, Ordnance Debenture, Seaman’s Ticket, State Lottery Ticket pr any such Bank

Certificate, Bank Receipt for Payment on any Loan, Note of Alignment of Stock in the Funds, Letter or oihcr Note*

of Attorney for receiving Annuities or Dividends, or for iViiing Stock in the Funds, or belonging to any *-'c-

Company, Society, or Corporation, American Provincial Bill of Credit, Goldsmith’s or Banker’s Letter

of Credit or Note for or relating to the Payment of Money, or other Bond or Warrant, Draught, Bill, ijctth^withour

or Promissory Note whatsoever, for the Payment of Money; every such Offender or Offenders, being Benefit of

thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall fufter Death as a Felon Clergy,

without Benefit of Clergy,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Paid first Day of Person? who

November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall rob any j*1.1

Mail or Mails, in which Letters are sent or conveyed by the Pcff, of any Letter or Letters, Packet ox or

Packets, Bcig or Mail of Letters; or shall steal and take from or out of any such Mail or Mails, or from ftiai Letters

or out of any Bag 01 Bags of Letters, sent or conveyed by the Post, or from or out of any Post Office, fiom any Mail

or House or Place for the Receipt or Delivery of Letters or Packets sent or to be sent by the Poss, any or or ,crn*

Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets; although such Robbery, Stealing, or Taking, shall not appear, or l,ouic*'

be proved, to be a Taking from the Person, or upon the King’s Highway, or to be a Robbery committed0* L*

in any Dwelling-house, or any Coach-house, Stable, Barn, or any Out-house belonging to a Dwelling- beirrconviaed,.

house; and although it should not appear that any Person or Persons were put in Fear by such Robbery, fu:f.

Stealing, or Taking; yet such Offender or Offenders, being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall never-"*"' “

L>. without

thelcfs respectively be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall iuffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of^"rf,;of

Clergy. ' # # ’’G>'

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter-officers, cr

carrier, Officer, or other Ptrlon whatsoever, employed or hereafter to be employed in any Buiinds relating ou^rs.enr.ploy-

to the Poss Office, shall take and receive into his, her, or their Hands or Possession any Letter or Letters,t(1 U1 -n>.Bu*»-

Packet or Packets, to be forwarded by the Poss, and receive any Sum or Sums of Money therewith for

the Post age thereof, Hull, attcr the fai<J first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, Urnor*

burn orotnerv/ife destroy any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, by him, her, or them, so taken-in icW a->« L-t-

or received; or if any such Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter-carrier, Officer, or other Person whatsoever, to b: ic.i -y.

so employed, or hereafter to be so employed, shall advance the Rate or Rates of Postage upon any Letter ^ for

or Le;ters, Packet or Packets, sent by the Post, and fluff secrete, and not duly account for, the Money |J7hc Post-ee'7*

by him, her, or them, received for such advanced Portage; every such Offender or Offenders, being thereof nrwnof£ \

convicted as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of Felony. VArcr ihd’utl*

ag« 00 any Pvft Letter, without duly accountlne for the Money; are dee-ned g’jilry ot Felony.

Vol. X.. 3 C 4 IV, And,

