The TI T L E S of the STATUTES.

ft. An Act to amend an Act of the fifth Year of his pre-

sent Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the

Road from Tunbridge to MaidJione, and from Wat's Cross

Co Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the fame

relates to the Repair of the Road from Wat's Cross to

Cowden ; and for repairing the Roads leading from

Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurji Hatch Corner, and from

PenJimrJi Town to Southborough in the said County.

93. An Act to continue and render more efteftual two

Acts for amending several Roads leading from the City

of Exeter, and for repairing and widening several other

Roads therein mentioned ; and for rebuilding or repair-

ing Exe Bridge, and making the Avenues leading theieto

more commodious ; and for building a Bridge over the

River Exe, at or near Countess Weir in the County of

Devon.

94. An Act for repealing so much of two several Acts of

Parliament made and passed in the seventeenth and

twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, as relate to the Road from

the End of the County of Stafford in the Post Road

towards the City of Chester, through Woor in the County

of Salop, to Nantwich in the County of Chester, ana

from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence through

Tarvin in the said County of Ghefier to the said City of

Chester, and for more effectually repairing, widening,

and supporting the fame Road; and also for repairing

and widening the Road from Northivich, in the said

County of Chester, to the Cross in Tarvin aforesaid.

95. An Act to empower the Trustees of the Will of the

late General Pulteney, and other Trustees appointed by

this Act, to purchase and exchange Lands and Grounds

in the Manor of Bathwick in the County of Somerset,

for the Purpose of making certain Roads and Ways to

v and from a free Bridge by them intended to be built

over the River Avon in the said County ; and also to

empower the Persons in Possession of the said Estate for

the time being, under the said Will, to grant Leases of

certain Lands and Houses in the said Manor; and like-

wife to enable the said Trustees to grant certain Grounds

and Springs of Water within the said Manor of Bath-

wick, to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Bath ;

and for extending the Jurisdiction of the said Mayor,

Aldermen, and Citizens, over Part of the said Manor of

Bathwick; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 8 9 Georgii III.

FIRST SESSION.

AN Act for naturalizing John Daniel Leautier.

SECOND SESSION.

I. A N A ft for naturalizing John Dufaur.

l\ 2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common

Fields, and Common Grounds, in the Township of

Stonely, in the Parish and Manor of Kimbolton, in the

County of Huntingdon.

j. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Commonable Lands, Common, Arable, Mea-

dow, Pasture. and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of

Willey, in the County of Warwick.

4. An Act to enable Henry Thjmas Greening Esquire, to

take and use the Surname of Gott, pursuant to the Will

of Mary Gott, dcccafed,

r. An Act for naturalizing George Madrass.

t. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Schneider.

I

7. An Act for naturalizing Paul Niedrui.

8. An Act for vesting certain Lands, in the Parish of

Chijlehurst, in the County of Kent, devised by the Will

of Thomas Farrington Esquire, deceased, in Trustees,

to convey the fame to Charles Lord Camden; and for

settling Lands, to be in Exchange ; and for laying out

'Money arising by Sale thereof, in other Lands, Tene-

ments, and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the fame

Uses.

9. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement, and for

effecting an Exchange of Lands, between the most

Nob’e George Duke of Marlborough, and the Warden

and Scholars of Merton College in Oxford.

10. An Act for appointing Jointures for the Wives, and

providing Portions for the younger Children, of the

Right Honourable Willoughby Earl of Abingdon, and the

Honourable Peregrine Bertie, his Brother ; and for other

the Purposes therein mentioned.

11. An Act to enable Sir Waikin Williams Wynn Baronet,

a Minor, to make a Settlement on his intended Mar-

riage with the Lady Henrietta Somerset.

12. An Act for discharging divers Messuages, Lands, and

Hereditaments, Part of the Estate of Sir Bellingham

Graham Baronet, in the County of York, from the Uses

and Trusts limited and declared by the Will of the

Honourable Mary Graham deceased and for settling

other Lands and Hereditaments, other Part of the Estate

of the said Sir Bellingham Graham, in the said County,

of greater Value, in lieu thereof, so the like Uses.

13. An Act to impower Richard Garth Esquire, to make

Leases of his settled Estates, in the County of Surrey,

for building upon and improving the same.

14. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and

Hereditaments, in Baldock, in the County of Hertford,

devised by the Will of Edward Sparhauke Gentleman,

deceased, in Lawndey Sparhauke Enquire, and his Heirs,

discharged from the Uses of the said Will; and for sub-

ftitaring and settling an undivided Moiety of other

Lands and Hereditaments, in Herifordshire, in lieu

thereof, and to the like Uses.

15. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of the

Reverend William Lloyd Clerk* in Trustees, for raffing

Money, to discharge the Debts, Legacies, and Incum-

brances, affecting the fame; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

16. An Act for confirming a Partition between John Ed-

wards Esquire, John Free mantle Esquire, and Frances his

Wife, and Mary Eduards Spinster, of several Estates,

in the County of Middlesex, and City of Brijtoj devised

by the Will of John Schoppens Esquire, deceased; and

of the Residue of the Personal Estate of the said John

Schoppens.

17. An Act to enable Charles Biddulph Esquire, and his

three Infant Sons, John Biddulph, Charles Biddulph,* and

Thomas Biddulph, to grant Leases of certain Manors,

Capital, and other Messuages, Mansion Houses, Farms,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fttuate in the

several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Stafford, of

which they are Tenants for Life successively.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

‘Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and

Parish of Hilborowe, in the County of Norfolk.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com-

monable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of

Bleddingtcn, in the County of Gloucester.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Common,

in the Paiifh of Wulburton, in the County of Sussex.

21. An

