A.D.

1770; Anno decimo Georgii III. u. 45. 773

VII. And, to the End that all'Persons whom it may concern, may know howto demean them- TM* Aa, «»d the Orden

selves in the Premises, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and His Ma- ^churchei ^nd'chau

icfly's said Orders in Council, and such others as shall be made in pursuance of this present Act, shall ^ as Hil Majest* flull

be publickly read, immediately after Prayers, on such Sunday in every Calendar Month as the Mi- appoint;

nifter shall think proper, in all futhPariJJ* Churches, Chapels, and other Places set apart for Divine

Worship, as His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccciTors, in Council, {hall at any Time hereafter direct

and appoint in that Behalf; and that when and as often as His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, and likewifefobfequent

{hall make any further Rules, Orders, and Regulations, orihall vary or repeal the fame by virtue of Order#* ,

or in pursuance of this Act, every such Rule, Order, Regulation, Variation, and Repeal, {hall be

notified and published in such Manner as His Majesty {hall think proper, and {hall be publickly read

upon the next Sunday after the Receipt of the fame, and on such Sunday in every Calendar Month as the

Minister {hall think proper, during the Time such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Variations {hall ^ Minffter#°who*»

continue in Force, in such Manner as aforesaid, within such Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Hun- to permit his Parish.oner*

dreds, Parishes, and Places as shall be specified in such Rules, Orders, Regulations, Variations, and to read the feme,

Repeals for that Purpose ; and every such Order, Rule, Regulation, Variation, and Repeal, toge-

ther with this Act, {hall be kept by the Minister of every such Parish Church, Chapel, or Place, Churchwardens to provide

who {hall permit any Person rending within his Parifll, Chapelry, or Place, to read the fame during £XatFa~

the l ime such Rule, Order, or Regulation {hall continue in Force; and the Churchwardens or p n

Chapel wardens of every such Parish or Place shall provide a printed Copy of this Act for thePurpo-

fes aforesaid, at the Expence of the Parish or Chapelry.

VIII. And, to prevent the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle being spread and increased by when Quarter Seffinn*

Tanners and others buying the Hides and Skins ofinfefted Beasts, ft is hereby further enacted. That prohibit the holding of

when the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessioni or at any Adjournment thereof,. Fairs°rMarket*forHorn-

within their refoeftive Counties, Ridings, and Divisions, pursuant to and during the Continuance Qf cdCattk*

such Order or O.dersas aforesaid made in that Behalf, shall prohibit the holding of any Fair or Fairs*

Market or Markets, for buying and selling of such Horned Cattle ; every Tanner, Tawer, or Dref-

fer of Hides and Skins, {hall, before he brings any Raw Hide or Skin of any Bull, Ox, Cow, Calf,

Steer, or Heifer into his Tan Yard, Workhouse, Warehouse, or Place used for dressing or manufac- banner Ac. to <pve lec-

turing of Hides or Skins, give Notice to the Officer of Excise of the E)iftrift in which such Tan tlcc to'Excise officer in

Yard or Dressing Place is lituated, and whose Survey the said Tanner, Tawer, or Drcfler of Hides whose Survey hi* Tan

shall be under and subject to for the Time being, ana produce to the said Officer a Certificate, under Yar<J» Ac. is fituatedrand

the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Cotnmif- ^*rtlficWe 01

fioner or Commissioners of the Land Tax, Rector or Vicar, qualified as herein after mentioned, •*u ,cc> c*

specifying the Colour of such Hide or Skin, the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner of such Hide reifying the CoW of

or Skin, and that upon Examination on Oath of One or more credible Person or Persons, it appeared the Skin, and Name

to the Person or Persons signingand sealing such Certificate, that the Beast from which such Hide or anJAb.de of the Owner,

Skin was taken was found, and free from any Infection ; which Certificate shall, by the said Officer, and the B aft iua»

be entered into a Book to be kept for that Purpose: And if any Tanner, Tawer, orDreiler of Hides in^aiom"1 W4* * r°”*

or Skins, during the Continuance of this Act, and of such Order or Orders as aforesaid, and in Dif- officer to entei Certifc-

obedience to the fame, shall bring or suffer to be brought into his Tan Yard or Tan Pits, or other cate.

Place used for dressing or manufacturing Hides or Skins, any such Raw Hide or Skin, or shall tan or

dress, or manufacture any such Raw Hide or Skin, without giving such Notice, and producing such

Certificate as aforesaid ; every Person so offending shall, for evsry such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Tinner, »e. nrgle&n^

Ten Pounds; to be recovered, levied, and applied, as the feveralForfeitures are, by this Act, di- to forfeit 10!.

rested to be recovered, levied, and applied.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted. That all and every or any of the Officers of Excise, acting E*c«fc officer to be per-

and employed in any District wherein any Tan Yard, Workhouse or Warehouse, or Place for dressing l#

or manufacturing of Hides or Skins is situate and being, shall and may, during the Continuance of dM

this Act, and of such Order or Orders made as aforesaid by virtue and under the Authority of the

feme, at all Times, by Day or by Night (and if in the Night, then in the^ Presence of a Constable

or other Officer of the Peace) be permitted, upon his or their Rcaueft, to enter into any such Tan

Yard, Workhouse, Warehouse, or Place, in order to search for Hides and Skins suspected to be

brought and conveyed into the fame respectively, contrary to and against the Tenor and true Mean-

ing of this Act and of such Orders as aforesaid ; and then and there to search and examine, orcaufeto

be searched or examined, any 'Fan Pit, Fat, or other Place where any such Hide or Skin is suspected

to be hid, hid, put, or concealed : And if any Tanner, Tawer, or other Person or Persons whutfo- 10 I. Penalty w so-

ever, shall obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Officers in the Execution of his or their Duty, utting him.

Power, or Authority given to, vested in, Imd required of him and them respectively by this Act, and

any Orders made in pursuance of the fame ; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully

convicted as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds ; to

be recovered, applied, and disposed of in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

X. * And whereas it may become necessary to encourage and promote the Breeding of Cattle, the

€ Number being at any Time greatly decreased by such Mortality,’ be it therefore enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That in such Cafe it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by Advice of His

Privy Council, to prohibit and forbid the killing or slaughtering of Cow Calves in liich Counties and

Places, and in such Manner, and at such Times, as His Majesty shall judge proper; and all and

every Person, offending against such Order and Prohibition, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of T,cn on Fe*al?y i*h

Pounds ; to be recovered, levied, and applied, as oilier Forfeitures by chi# Act are to be re-

C. 45.

His Mjirfly impow^tJ*

to prohibit the ktliijig

of Cow Calve*,

covered, levied, and applied.

XI. And,

