C. 46.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

A.D. 1765.

110

nd on the Con* thousand seven hundred and sixty-four; and in all and every Port or Place on the Continent of America,

tmcui. within his Majesty’s Dominions, where no Fees have boen received as aforesaid by any Officer of the Cus-

toms, such Oificer shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five,

be intitled to the fame Fees as have been received as aforesaid by the like Officers, in the nearest Port in

the said Colony or Plantation, on or before the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven

hundred and sixty-four; and if no Fees have been received, as aforesaid by any Officer in any Port in such

Colony or Plantation, such Officer shall, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hun-

dred and sixty-five, be intitled to such Fees as have been received by the like Officers in the nearest Port

within any Br!tijl> Colony or Plantation on or beforfe the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand

Comptrollers seven hundred and sixty-four; and if no Fees have been received by any Comptroller of his Majesty’s

much^s ^u^onis for any P°rt or Place within any Colony or Plantation, or if the Fees received by such Conaptrol-

, the Collator of ler before the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, have not

the CuitoiBi* been equal to one-third Part of the Fees received as aforesaid by the Collector of his Majesty’s Customs

within the same Port or Place; it shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven

hundred and sixty-five, in every such Cafe, be lawful for such Comptroller of his Majesty’s Customs, to

demand and receive for his Fees, for any Entry or other Business done by him in the Execution of his

Employment, from any Merchant or other Person, a Sum equal to one-third Part of the Fees received as

Remedy for re- aforesaid by such Collector for the like Business; and every such Oificer shall have and be intitled to the

SdFce»of ^ ^ame Remedy for Recovery of such Fees, as is or has been heretofore allowed to any Collector or other

Officer; any Law, Bye-law, or other Act of Assembly made in the said Plantations, to the contrary not-

withstanding; and if any Collector, Comptroller, or other Officer of his Majesty’s Customs in America,

appointed as aforesaid, shall exact* require, or receive, any other or greater Fees than such as are herein

bi fore allowed to be taken, he shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; one Moiety of

which Penalty shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person or

Persons aggrieved thereby, who shall sue for the same in the proper Court in such Colony or Plantation;

and for the second Offence, he shall forfeit his Place, and be for ever after incapable of executing any

Office or Employment in the Customs.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admissions into Corporations or Companies}

and for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain.

c  WHEREAS great Frauds are committed in the several Duties of one Shilling respectively Jm-

posed (among other Duties) on Admissions into Corporations and Companies, by an Act of

Penalty of ex-

acting greater

Fees.

Preamble*

Act 5 and 6

Will, and Mary,

C. 21.

and 0 and ro

Will 111. a. 25*

From and after

5 JU, Y> }765*

the Duties upon

A dm flions into

Corporation*,

grant"d by - he

recited Attf, are

lo cease ;

and the follow-

ing Duties to

ta*e place in

lieu thereof ,

viz.

made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, in-

4 tituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, further Duties upon Stampt Vellum,

4 Parchment, and Paper; owing to the said Duties being charged on the Admissions, and not on the En-

4 tries, Minutes, or Memorandums, made of such Admissions in the Court Books, Rolls, or Records, of

4 such Corporations or Companies Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great

Britain in Parliament assembled, do therefore beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it

enabled by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the several Duties

upon Admissions into Corporations and Companies, granted by the said Acts, shall ceaiie and deter-

mine.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July,

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, in lieu thereof, the Duty herein after mentioned, be charged,

imposed, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick

upon Tweed; that is to say,

if? Entry m For and upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, and for every Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon

the Conn Rook, which shall be ingrofi'ed, written, or printed, in the Court Book, Roll, or Record, of any Corporation or

of every such Company, any Entry, Minute, or Memorandum, of any Admission into any Corporation or Company,

Admission, 2 5. Sum of lwo Shillings.

officer neclett- And if any Town Clerk, or other proper Officer, shall neglect: or refuse to make such Entry, Minute, or

for o°nVMon'h Memorandum, such AJmission, upon the proper Duty, in the Court Book, or on the Roll or RecorJof

to make lueh such Corporation or Company, within one Month after any Person shall be admitted into the fame, he shall.

Entry, f>ifc its for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds-

10 f. Src 7

foco. 3. c. 31. SGco. 3. c. 6. 9 Geo. 3. c, xi*

MIL And

