708 C.

Cert jin Rates on

Inhabitants in

Ox ord Street to

CC-fl.

but to be coileft-

ed to a cettam

Time.

Part* of AOs

re! uinjt to pa*

>:ng Oxford

Sfceet repealed.

Particular Pi-

riihe# not ex-

empted from

Payment for

Statute-work.

Road from High

Sireet, &c. to

Tyburn, to be

under Jurisdicti-

on of Coinmiflio-

oers.

Trustees of the

said Road to pay

annually 500 1.

toComm IBonerr.

©n Default of

Payment, Com-

ir.issioners may

take Poficfilon

of Turnpikes.

Application of

the said 5001.

The f?me may

be assign<d for

Monies borrow-

ed.

23. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of "January, One thousand seven hundred and

seventy, the Rate or Rates, Assessment or AfliAments, m;*de upon the Inhabitants and Owners of

Houses, Buildings, and Ground, in Oxford Street aforesaid, by the said Trustees, flull ceale and

determine.

LXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said Trustees {hall have

Power to collect! the said Rate or Rates, Assessrnent or Assessments due to the said First Day of January, One

thousand seven hundred and seventy, and all Arrears due in respect thereof.

LX VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Parts of the said Act of the

Seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the First, and of the Acts of the Eighth and Twenty-

ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, as relate to the new paving

or keeping in Repair Oxford Street aforesaid, be, and they are hereby, repealed.

LXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained

shall extend, or be construed to extend to prevent the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, Church-

warden or Churchwardens, OvCrfeer or Overseers of the Poor of the said Four Parishes aforementioned,

from paying their respective Compoftrion-monies, in lieu of Statute-work to be done on the said Road or

Street, to the said Trustees for putting the said Three several Acts in Execution; but that the fame shall

be paid from Time to 'l ime in the Manner and at the Times they have heretofore been paid; any Thing

in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this

A<S, the said Road or Street leading from High Street and Tottenham Court Road, to the present Turnpikc-

gate vxTyburn, {hall be under the Care, Management, and Direction of the Commissioners for putting this

Act in Execution, who {hall cause the fame to be paved, lighted, and cleansed with all convenient Speed;

and that from and after the passing of this Ac!, so much of the fever.il Ad!s passed for paving, cleansing, and

lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent,

as relate to the said Road or Street, {hall be, and they are hereby, repealed.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to enable the said Com-

mifEoners effectually to pave, cleanfeT light, and keep the fame, and every Part thereof, from Hgh Street

and Tottenham Court Road to the present Turnpike-gate at Tybu n, in the several P^rilhes of Saint yfnm.

Saint James, and Saint George Hanover Square, within the Liberty of Westminster, and Saint Mary le Bine,

in the County of Middlesex, the Trustees for the Time being acting under the said Acts of the Seventh

Year of His la*e Majesty King George the First, and the Eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of

His late Majesty King George the Second, and under any future Act or Acts of Parliament, for re-

pairing the Road from Saint Giles9s Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, by the said ACh

directed to be repaired, or any Seven or more of them, {hall pay or cause to be paid yearly and every Year

during the Continuance of the said Acts, and of any future Act or Acts of Parliament for lepairing the said

Road, to the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any Seven or more of them, or to

such Person or Persons as {hall be by them, or any Five or more of them, authorised and appointed to re-

ceive the fame, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain free from all Deduc-

tions whatsoever, by Four even and equal Quarterly Payments in the Year; that is to say, the Feast of Saint

John the Baptist, Saint Michael the Archangel, the Birth of our Lord Chri/ly and the Annunciation of the

Blessed Virgin Mary; the First Payment to begin and be made on the Feast Day of Saint John the Baptist

now next ensuing, and which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and seventy;

and if the said Payments, or any Parts or Part thereof, {hall be behind and unpaid for the Space of Four-

teen Days next after the fame {hall become due and payable, it {hall and may be lawful to and for the said

Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or for such Person or Persons as they, or any Seven or

more of them, {hall appoint, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to seize and take Polleflion of any

Turnpike Gate or Gates upon any Part or Parts of the said Road, and to collect and receive the Tolls by

the said Acts, any or either of them, authorised to be taken thereat, until the Sum or Sums so remaining

due and unpaid, and all reasonable Charges attending such Seizure, taking Polleflion, and Collection, Hail

be fully paid, satisfied, and discharged, and no longer.

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said annual Sum of Five hun-

dred Pounds, together with the Rate herein after directed to bee assessed and levied, {hall be applied by the

said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, in paving or keeping in Repair, cleansing, lighting,

and regulating the said Road or Street from High Street and Tottenham Court Road, to the present Turnpike

at Tyburn, in the said several Parishes of Saint Anne, Saint James, and Saint George Hanover Square, within

the Liberty oi Westminster^ and Saint Mary le Bene^ in the County o$ Middlesex, and the several other

Squares, Streets, LaneSj Courts, Yards, Mewfes, Alleys, Passages, and Places, under the Care

and Management of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and to and for no other Purpose

whatsoever.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any

Seven ormoreof them, may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered from Time toTime to borrow

and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, upon the Credit of the said annual Sum of Five hun-

dred Pounds so to be paid by virtue of this Act to the said Commissioners for putting the feme into Execu-

tion; and to oflign over and convey the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, by any Writing or Writings

under their Hands and Seals, or.the Hands and Seals of any Nine or more of them, at any Meeting to be

held for that Purpose $ the Charges of such Assignment or Ailignments, Conveyance or Conveyances to be

raid out of the said annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who {ha!I advance or

lend the Monies thereon, as Security or Securities for the several Sums that {hall be borrowed, and the In-

terest thereof as aforesaid; and Copies of all such Alignments and Conveyances flull be entered in a

Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners \ and all and

I every

