The TITLES of

*?. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Meadows, Ings, and Common Lands, within the Parish

of Elvin^ton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common

Fields, Grounds, and Pastures, ' within the Parish of

Ingham, in the County of Lincoln. ,

zy An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

Meadow Grounds, and Ings, and the Moor or Com-

mon, and Waste Ground, within the Manor and Town-

ship of Wfocldrake, in the County of York.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Sanfton,

in the East Riding of the County of York.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Common Pafhires, Common Mea-

dows, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Eaton, in

the County of Leicester.

26. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Open

Fields, Meadows, Fens, Pastures, Commons, and Waste

Grounds, in the Parish of North Hickhamy in the County

of Lincoln.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing rhe Open Fields,

within the Lordship or Liberty of Markpeld, in the

County of Leicester, and the Common Ground there,

lying within the Ring or Boundaries of the fame Fields,

or adjoining thereto.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

Manor or Parish of Grendon Underwood, in the County

of Buckingham.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common FieMs,

Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and other Com-

monable Lands, in the Parish of Shaxtony otherwise

Shackjdon, otherwise ShackerJton9 in the County of

Lcic£jlerm

30. An A<£1 for the more effectual draining, embanking,

and preserving, certain Fen Lands, and Low Grounds,

tn the Hamlet of Wmbltngton, in the Parish of Dodding-

ton, and in the Parish of Chatterefsy within the lfle of

Eh, in the County of Cambridge.

3:1. Ait Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

Common Pastures,. and Open Lands and Grounds,

within the Towirship of Nafferton and Wansford, in the

Parish of Nafferton, in the taft Riding of the County of

York.

32. An Act for dividingrinclosing, and allotting, the Open

Fields, Lands, and Grounds, within the Manor of

Thzcing, in the East Riding of the Coanty of York.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

Lands, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and

other Open Grounds, within the Township of Atwick,

otherwise Attenwick, in Holderness, in the County of

York.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part or Share

of Helper Ward, which beJongeth to High edge, in the

County of Derby.

3j. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moor, or Com-

mon, caHed Crofcate Moor, in the rarish of Saint Ofwitld,

in the County Palatine of Durham ; and for extineuifh-

ing all Right of Common in certain inclosed Inter-

common Lands there.

36. An Act for dividing’and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

and Common and Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Parish,

Liberties, or Precincts of CuL/lingtony in the County of

Buckingham*

the STATt/TES,

37. An Act to enable the Reverend John Woof, his firflf

and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use

the Surname of Davies, in pursuance of the Will of the'

Reverend John Davies, Doctor in Divinity, deceased.

38. An Act to enable Stephen Payne, Esquire, and his-

Issue, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of

Gallway, pursuant to the Will of Tobias Wall Gallway*

Esquire, deceased.

39. An Act for naturalizing Lewis Diedrick Htjhuyfen.

40. An Act for naturalizing Henry Uhthoff.

41. An Act for naturalizing Peter Raucrt, and David

Lewis Godin.

42. An Act for vesting in Charles Duke of ^ueenjbcrry and

Dover, and his Heirs, in Fee Simple, certain Lands, Part

of his entailed Estate, in the County of Dumfries; and

for settling in lieu thereof other Lands, lying contigu-

ous to, and interspersed with, the said entailed Estate.

43. An Act for vesting in Trustees, certain Timber Trees*

and other Trees, standing and being upon the Estates

of Sir Thomas Broughton, in the Counties of Che/ler and

Stafford; and to enable them to fell, cut down, fell*

and dispose of, the fame; and to lay out a competent

Part or the Money, arising by the Sale thereof, in re-

building the ancient Mansion House of the Family*

called Doddington Hall, in the County of Chester, and

the necessary Offices to be enjoyed therewith *y and for

other Purposes.

44. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Edward Aflley\

Baronet, in the County of Warwick, in him, in Fee

Simple, drfeharged of the Uses of the Settlement

made on his Marriage with Rhoda A/Hey his former

Wife, deceased ; and for substituting and settling an un-

divided Moiety of other Lands and Hereditaments, in

the County of Norfolky of greater Value, in lieu there-

of, to the same Uses, wrth such Powers as therein

mentioned.

45. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John

Swinburn Esquire, in the County of Northumberland^

and Town and County of the Town of Newcastle uporr

Tyne, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same; and to

lay out and apply the Money to arise by such Sale in

the Purchase of other Estates, in the County of Durham^

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

46. Act Aft for veiling the Estates of the Honourable

William Noel Esquire, deceased, situate in Stamford, in

the County of Lincolny in Trustees, t6 sell the same*

and apply the Money arising therefrom as therein

mentioned.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable-

Fields, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds, in the Town-

ship of Lelley, in the Parish of Preston, in Holderness*

in the East Riding of the County of York.

48. An Act for dividing 2nd inclosing certain Open and*

Common Fields, and Grounds, within the Parish of

South Willingham, in the County of Lincoln.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands

and Grounds, in the Parish of Barnoiby le Beck, in the

County of Lincoln.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and'

Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of

Waltham, in the County of Lincoln.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

-Lands, and Grounds-, in the several Townships of

At ter by, Snitterby, and IVacldinghami in the County of

Lincoln. x

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Town Fields*

Common Balks, Stinted Failures* and Waste Grounds*

hr*

