306 C. 36, 37, Anno feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

further continu-hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, to the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one

ed 10 29 Sept* thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

* Parliament.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to continue so much of an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

as relates to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico ; and for allowing the Bounties granted by

any Acts of Parliament now in being upon the Exportation of Corn and Malt declared or made for

Exportation, and Barley steeped and entered at the Excise Office to be made into Malt for Exportation,

before a limited Time. EXP.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for completing the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Friars in the City of

London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surry, and the Avenues thereto on the

London Side; for redeeming the Tolls on the said Bridge, and on London Bridge; for re-

building the Gaol of Newgate in the said City ; for repairing the Royal Exchange within the

' fame; for embanking Part of the North Side of the said River, within certain Limits;

and for further continuing, towards those Purposes, the Imposition of six Pence per Chal-

dron, or Ton, of Coals and Culm imported into the Port of the said City ; established by

an Act of the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and

also for carrying on the new Pavements in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Pa-

ri (hes adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of Southwark \ and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

•Preamble, rt- * WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late

ao^Geo^a. c. S6. * ▼ V 4 Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames*

for building a * c from Black Friars in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surry ; the Mayor, Alder-

’Bridge at BUck men, and Commons, of the said City, in Common Council assembled, were impowered to build the

Friar*. 4 said Bridge; and to make, enlarge, or improve Streets, Ways, and Passages, on each Side of the said

4 River, to and from the said Bridge; and to light and watch the fame when built; and to take certain

4 Tolls for the Passage over the fame; and, upon the Credit thereof, to raise any Sum, not exceeding

That the City c one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds : And whereas the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in

haVthe°T°ir* * Common Council assembled, have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act; and, towards the Pur-

thereof ° * * P°^es thereof, have borrowed and raised the Sum of one. hundred and forty-four thousand Pounds,

144,0001. * besides contributing the Sum of sixteen thousand two hundred Pounds ; which two Sums, together with

4 the Profits made by the Dividends and Sale of the publick Funds wherein Part of the said Monies was

That the Ba- 4 invested, and by the Sale of old Materials, and otherwise, did, upon the fifth Day of July, in the

lane? remaining Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, amount to the Sum of one hundred seventy-three thou-

tlt'c*6]’ * ant* ^orty P°unck seven Shillings and six Pence: And whereas upon the said fifth Day of July,

Taa.^’d. a q. * one thousand seven hundred and-sixty six, there had been laid out and expended, in the Execution of

4 the said Act, the Sum of one hundred and forty thousand five hundred and ninety-five Pounds nineteen

4 Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny ; so that there remained, in the Chamber of the said City, a Balance

4 of thirty-two thousand four hundred and forty-four Pounds seven Shillings and seven Pence Halfpenny;

4 which Balance, by some Receipts then expected, was likely to be raised to the Sum of thirty-three

That the future thousand and eighty nine Pounds twelve Shillings and seven Pence Halfpenny: And whereas byEfti-

Ixpences are mates of the necessary Expences which, upon the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred

efttmated at ( an(j sixty.fix, remained to be incurred for the complete Execution of the said Act (exclusive of the Roads

and^ve th^ 4 on Surry Side) and of the Charge of making, widening, enlarging, or improving, Streets and Ways

Balance. 4 necessary for a more convenient and ready Passage to the said intended Bridge, from several Parts of the

4 said City, there will be wanted for the said several Purposes, over and above the said last-mentioned

4 Balance, the farther Sum of fifty-eight thousand five hundred Pounds: And whereas it would be of

4 general Advantage, that the Passage over the said intended Bridge should be freed and exempted, as soon

4 as may be, from the Payment of the Tolls granted by the said Act; in which Cafe, it will be necessary

4 to provide some other*sufficient Funds, as well for Repayment of the said one hundred and forty-four

4 thousand Pounds, with the Interest thereof, and raising the said fifty-eight thousand five hundred Pounds,

4 as for defraying the Expences of lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing the said Bridge when

ThcF.mbat.k- 4 built: And whereas it would tend to femove many Inconveniencies, if the Ground and Soil of the said

anent of the • RjVer of Thames, between the Weft Corner of Powell’s Wharf near Puddle Dock, in the said City of

th^Tlumcs^ * London, and the East Corner of Roberts’s JVharf, near Milford Lane, in the County of Middlesex, was

•tVscoT.^the ‘ inclosed and embanked ; the Expence of making of which Embankment is estimated at the Sum of seven

Redemption of thousand five hundred Pounds: And whereas the Passage over London Bridge is Aibjeft to a prescriptive

London Bridee Toll, appropriated to the Support of the said Bridge, upon all Carts, Waggons, and other Carriages,

Toil at 30.CC01. < patting over the fame, to and from the said City, loaden with any. Kind of Goods or Provisions; which

Set 29 Geo. a. * Toll js at this Time in Lease for twenty-one Years, at a Fine of two thousand one hundred Pounds,

c* 4 and under a yearly Rent of seven hundred and thirty-five Pounds: And whereas it would also be of

‘general

