A.D. 1765.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

C. 12.

A> contain no other Matters than what have been usually comprized therein > any thing herein

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X, Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained {hall extend to charge with any of the

said Duties, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper* on which shall only be engrossed, written, or

printed* any Certificate that shall be necessary to intitle any Person to receive a Bounty granted by

Act of Parliament.

XI*. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Duties shall be

under the Management of the Commissioners, for the time being, of the Duties charged on

Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain: And the said Commissioners are hereby

impowered and required to employ such Officers under them, for that Purpose, as they shall think

proper; and to use such Stamps and Marks, to denote the Stamp Duties hereby charged, as they

shall think fit 5 and to repair, renew, or alter the fame, from time to time, as there shall be Occa-

fton; and to do all other Acts, Matters, and Things, necessary to be done, for putting this Act in

Execution with relation to the Duties hereby charged.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for managing

the said Duties, for the time being, shall and may appoint a fit Person or Persons to attend in every

Court or Publick Office within the said Colonies and Plantations, to take notice of the Vellum,

Parchment, or Pape/, upon which any of the Matters or Things hereby charged with a Duty shall

be rngrossed* written, or printed, and of the Stamps or Marks thereupon, and of all other Matters

and Things tending to secure the said Duties; and that the Judges in the several Courts, and all

other Persons to whom it may appertain, {hall, at the Request of any such Officer, make such

Orders, and do such other Matters and Things, for the better securing of the said Duties, as shall

be lawfully or reasonably desired in that Behalf: And every Commissioner and other Officer, before

he proceeds to the Execution of any Part of this Act, shall take an Oath in the Words, or to the

Effect following (that is to say)

23

Djitjr Acconnfs rf I;n.

port?, Lxportt j

or Cettifcatrs to iccf'vc

Parliamentary Bouj.lus.

The Dnti^s to le under

the Management if the

CommissionffS for the

Stamp Dibits in Greit

Britain, who are to ap-

point proper Oflucis,

and Stamps, See.

They are to appoint air

Officer to a’tend in every

Court, or public Offrcer

to take care of all Mat-

ters relating to the said

Duties. Judges and

others to aiTift in fecu-

ring the said Duties.

Commissioners and orher

Officers, to take the fol^

lowing Oath.

4 T A. B. do swear, That I will faithfully execute the Trust reposed in me, pursuant to an Act The Oath#.

4 A of Parliament made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for

4 granting certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in

4 America* without Fraud or Concealment; and will from time to time true Account make of my

4 Doing therein, and deliver the fame to such Person or Persons as his Majesty, his Heirs, or Suc-

4 cessors* shall appoint to receive such Account; and will take no Fee, Reward, or Profit, for the

4 Execution or Performance of the said Trust, or the Business relating thereto, from any Person or

4 Persons, other than such as shall be allowed by his Majesty* his Heirs, and Successors, or by some

other Person or Persons under him or them to that Purpose authorized/

Or if any such Officer {hall be of the People commonly called Quakers* he shall take a Solemn Oath by to Be-

Affirmation to the Effect of the said Oath; which Oath or Affirmation shall and may be admini- admimitcred.

ftered to any such Commissioner or Commissioners by any two or more of the fame Commissioners*

whether they have or have not previously taken the fame: And any of the said Commissioners, or

any Justice of the Peace, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or any Governor, Lieutenant Go*

vernor. Judge, or other Magistrate, within the said Colonies or Plantations, {hall and may administer

such Oath or Affirmation to any subordinate Officer.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, and ComminTnnmand effiv

all Officers to be employed or entrusted by or under them as aforesaid, {hall, from time to time, cen u"der them»toob*

in and for the better Execution of their several Places and Trusts, observe such Rules, Methods* and f^rve fiKh Ruic? as the

Orders, as they respectively {hall, from time to time, receive from the High Treasurer of Great them.0* rKcn

Britain* or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of such Commissioners for

the Time being; and that the said Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties {hall take care to b*-taken th^r

especial Care, that the several Parts of the said Colonies and Plantations {hall, from time to time, the Col >nir< be suffici-

be sufficiently furnished with Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, stamped or marked with the said entl? furnifted with

respective Duties. Stamp*.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons {hall Person*signinr.writing

sign, ingross, write, print, or fell, or expose to Sale, or cause to be signed, ingrossed, written, printing, or idling any

Primed, or fold, or exposed to Sale, in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, or in any other Thingchargeable win*.

art of his Majesty’s Dominions, any Matter or Thing, for which the Vellum, Parchment, or JhalibiduMilm

Paper, is hereby charged to pay any Duty, before the fame shall be marked or stamped with the 0r\*hichfliaii 5air.pt

Marks or Stamps to be provided as aforesaid, or upon which there {hall not be some Stamp or for a lower Duly, for-

Marle resembling the fame; or {hall sign, ingross, write, print, or fell* or expose to Sale, or cause f«t 10J.

to be signed, ingrossed, written, printed, or fold, or exposed to Sale, any Matter or Thing upon

any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, that shall be marked or stamped for any lower Duty than the

Duty determined by this Act made payable in respect thereof; every such Person. so offending {hall, for every

such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Matter or Thing what* Wornffrumrrt charge

soever, by this Act charged with the Payment of a Duty, shall be pleaded or given in Evidence, a^e."’,th a ^ur-v to be

or admitted in any Court within the said Colonies and Plantations, to be good, useful, or available any Cote*ualca^

in Law or Equity* unless the fame shall be marked or stamped, in pursuance of this Act, with the lUnq-t:' *

respective Duty hereby charged thereon* or with an higher Duty.

XVI. Provided

