764 C. 41, 4a. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

Recess of Parliament* so soon as such Speaker shall hav^e due Notice of the Decease of such Mem-

bers.

Dccetfe to be certiM II. Provided always. That no such Warrant shall be issued by the Speaker of the House of Com-

by Two Member* j mons, unless the Death of such Member shall be certified to him by Two Members of the Houft

of Commons, by Writing under their Hands,

and notified by the III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Speaker of the House of Commons

Speaker in the London forthwith, after the Receipt of the Certificate of the Death of such Member, cause Notice

aMltf* thereof to be inserted in the London Gazette, and shall not issue his Warrant till Fourteen Days af-

ter the Insertion of such Notice in the Gazette \ any Thing herein contained to the contrary not-

withstandfng.

'Speaker not to issue hit IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to au-

Warrant, unicf* the thorife the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, to issue his Warrant to the

Ketum of the Writ for Clerk of the Crown to make out ? new Writ for the electing a Member of the House of Commons

Member be brou ht to *n the Room of any Member dfeceased, unless the Return of the Writ, by virtue of which such

the Crown Office*^ Member deceased was elected, shall have been brought into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown,

Days before the End of Fifteen Days at the lead before the End of the Session of Parliament immediately preceding the

tfct preetdiD* Sessioa. Death of such Member.

CAP. XLII*

An Act to indemnify such Persons in Great Britain and Ireland, as have omitted to qua-

lify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited -by Law, and

for allowing further Time for that Purpose ; for allowing further Time for registering

and inrolling Agreements entered into for enclosing Commons, for the Purpose of plant-

ing and preserving Trees for Timber or Underwood •, and for indemnifying Personi

who have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks

to Attornies and Solicitors.

Preamble, reciting the

fevexal qualifying Asti

of

1 Geo. I. c. 13.

23 Car. II. Stat. J.c 1.

*5 Car. II. c. *.

30 Car. II. Stat. a.

I Geo. I. c. 6.

9 Gee. II. t. »$.

iS Geo. II, c. 20.

a Geo. III. c. 35.

jnd 6 Geo. HI, c. 53.

4 HEREAS divers Persons in the Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, who, on account

4 Vy of their Offices, Places, Employments, or Professions, or any other Cause or Occasion,

4 ought to have taken and subscribed the Oaths, or the Assurance respectively appointed to be by such

* Persons taken and subscribed, in and by an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His late

c Majesty King George the First of Glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the further Security of

4 His Majestys Person and Government, and the SuccrJJim of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess

4 Sophia, being Protestants \ and for extingui/hing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his

4 open and secret Abettors ; or to have qualified themselves according to an Act made in the Thir-

4 teenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the well governing

4 and regulating Corporations \ or to have qualified themselves according to another Act made in the

4 Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing the

4 Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, by receiving the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper

4 according to the Usage of the Church of Englan f and making and subscribing the Declaration against

4 Transubstantiation therein mentioned 5 or according to another Act made in the Thirtieth Year

4 of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preserving the Kings

4 Person ana Government, by disabling Paptfis from fitting in either House of Parliament; or according

4 to an Act made in the Kingdom of Ireland in the Second Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty

4 Queen Anney intituled, An Act to prevent the further Grozvth of Popery ; or according to another

4 Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An

4 Act for granting the People called Quakers, such Forms of Affirmation or Declaration as may remove fbe

4 Difficulties which many of them lie under; or according to another Act made in the Ninth Year of

4 the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for indemnifying Per-

4 fons who i ave emitted to qualify themselves for Offices within the Time limited by Law, and for aloiving

4 further Time for that P urp ofe ; andfer amending so much of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign

4 cf His present Majesty, as ^requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices before the End of the next

4 Term or Quarter Session s ; and also for enlarging the Time limited by Law for making and fiubscribir.g the

4 Declaration against Transubfiantiation \ and Jor allowing a further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and

4 IVills made by Papish y and for Relief of Protestant Purchafersy Devi fee s, and LeJJees; or according

4 to another Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the'

4 Second, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act pafiid in the Fifth Year of His

4 present Alajffy s Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Jujliccs of the Peace ; or ac-

4 cording to another Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An

4 Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating

4 to the raij.ng and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England ; or accord-

4 ing to another Ac: made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act

4 for altering the Oath of Abjuration and the A finance*, and fir amendingfo much of an Act mad' in the

4 Seventh Tear of Her late Majesty fiu en Anne, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of the Unin of

4 tJjc Two Kingdomsy as, after the Time therein limited, requires th: Delivery of certain Lijls an I Cpiey

4 therein

