A. D. 1769I Anno nono Georgii Iir. C.35, 36, 37. • 615

make such Quarterly Payments to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by such Seer; taries ofwvnnt to be

State for the Time being to receive their respe£live Proportions of the said annual Sum; such Person or ni.nicmit«o.i’*y-

Persons producing and delivering to such Pay mailer or Receiver a Receipt or Receipts under the Hands J”*1'1 acco'dlnS*

of such Secretaries of St2te; and which Receipt or Receipts shall be a full Acquittance and Discharge to

such Paymaster or Receiver for the Payment of the Sum or Sums mentioned therein.

’VI. 4 And whereas by an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,Chnfeint’nekij

* An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free A>c* rejecting

i from the Duty of Postage, it is provided, that nothing therein contained should extend to charge with

4 the Duty of Postage any printed Votes or Proceedings in Parliament, or printed News Papers, being,:f- Vending*ibe1

4 font without Covers, or in Covers open at the Sides, which should be signed on the Outside thereof by v.tesohhoH »use

that all such Votes, Proceedings, and News Papers, so sent and signed, or directed as aforesaid, should

4 be received free of the Duty of Postage: And whereas Doubts have arisen with respect to the Duration.

4 of the Time allowed by the said Add for the Conveyance of such Votes, Proceedings, and News Pa-

4 pers, free from the Duties of Postage;* be it therefore declared and enabled by the Authority aforesaid,

That it is the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, that such Votes, Proceedings, and News Papers,

fofent and directed as aforesaid, should be conveyed free from the Duty of Postage during such Times ThefaiJTimei:-

only as are allowed and limitted in the preceeding Part of the said Act for the Conveyance, free of Post- ,T ited *otne SclV

age, of Letters and Packets not exceeding the Weight of Two Ounces, sent from or to any Member o^within

either of the Two Houses of Parliament in Great Britain or Ireland respectively in such Manner as in the 40DaVs beforeor

said Act is particularly exp refled; that is to say. During the Sitting of any Session of Parliament, or 40Days after,

within Forty Days before or Forty Days after any Summons or Prorogation thereof.

VII. 4 And whereas by a Clause in an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act Ciause in Act

1 to alter certain Rates of Postage, and to amende explain, and enlarge, several Provifnns in an Act made inGc.°' IIIa c: 2 5*

4 the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the Poji Office, q^c.1

4 the Clerk of the Parliaments and the Clerk of the House of Commons are impowered to fend and re-

ceive Letters free of Postage: And whereas the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets

4 free from the Duty of Postage is not by the said Act extended to the Clerk Assistant, and the Reading

4 Clerk of the Hou(e of Peers, and the Clerk Assistance of the House of Commons of Great Britain, and

• the Chief Clerk without Doors (who receives the Fees and pays them to the Officers of the said House

4 respectively for the Time being; who by Virtue of their respective Offices and Employments necefia-

4 rily send and receive many Letters relating to the Publick Concerns of these Kingdoms;* be it there-The clrrk

fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid; That from and after the passing of this Act, the Lid Clerk

Assistant and the said Reading Clerk of the Ho fe of Peers; and also the said Clerk Assistant and the said Ho,re Peers;

Chief Clerk without Doors of the House of Commons of Great Britain for the Time being, shall and andtheCicrk ai-

may respectively send and receive Letters free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner and under and chief

such Restrictions as any Member of either of the Two Houses of Parliament of Great Britain now fend^cr^

aftd receive the same, in pursuance of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present H^*e ^om-

Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of mons j may fend:

4 Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.* and «ccive La-

ter* Duty tree*

C A R. XXXVI.

An Act fot applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven-

hundred and sixty-nine. E X P.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for reviving several Acts for preventing Abuses-in making Bricks and Tiles ; and forsfeioCeo. j.<v

indemnifying Justices of the Peace, and others, who have acted under the said Acts; and for49,

indemnifying Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits; and for allowing fur-

ther Time for paying Duties omitted to be paid upon Contrafts with Clerks and Appren-

tices; for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Re-

ceipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, loft, burnt; or destroyed; and for repaying to

"Joseph Ghver and John Bill the Duty by them paid on a Cargo of Wheat, and for allowing

.the fame to be landed for Home Consumption; and for preventing L’arish Poor being paid

in base or counterfeit Coin.

IT 7 HERE AS the Laws herein after mentioned Have been found to be very useful and beneficial, Troubles.

4 VV and are expired: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be ennfted;’ and be it eri-

acted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords bpiritiul

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament ailembled, and by the Authority of the-fame,

Ii /lluc.

.

