768

C. 43-

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1770.

the Duties here mention- ]

to repealed j

such unrated Articles, are payable according to the Value sworn to, or affirmed by, the Imnor-

c ters; which by Experience has been found to be very uneaual, from the various Values fixed by

c the Importers on the fame Species of Goods: Now, for Remedy thereof, and to put the Trade

After *4 June, 177©, « upon a more equal Foot, May it please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and* be it enacted

by tRe King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiri-

tual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame. That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and

seventy, the said new Duties imposed by the said recited A& of the Seventh Year of His Majesty'i

Reien as aforesaid, and all other Rates and Duties now payable by virtue of any other Act or Act

of Parliament, upon Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horsehair Hats or Bonnets, and upon Plat-

ting, or other Manufactures of Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horsehair, to be used in or proper

for making of Hats or Bonnets, imported into this Kingdom, shall cease and determine, and be no

longer paid or payable for the fame.

IL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the said former Rater

and Duties repealed by this Act, all Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horsehair Hats and Bonnets,

which, from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and fe-

ft Han or Bonntts M venty, shall be imported or brought into this Kingdom, shall be rated to and pay the Old Subsidy

«xcteding2s inche«* granted by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King

Diameter, ia«. 6d. per Charles the Second, according to the Rates and Values of Twelve Shillings and Sixpence for every

Dor. and, exceeding that Dozen, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding Twenty-two Inches in Diameter; and Lhie Pound Fivf

Dotand* for PU* Shillings for every Dozen of such Hats or Bonnets as^shall exceed Twenty-two Inches in Diame-

f Ad Old Subsidy to to

paid according to

States following, Tit,

Jrc. 6 *. 8d. per lb.

Avoirdupois.

Good* hereia.be/bre eau-

crated,

ter each; and all Platting, or other Manufactures of Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horsehair, to

be used in or proper for making of Hats or Bonnets, which, from and after the said Twenty-fourth

Day ofjurtiy One thousand seven hundred and seventy, shall be so imported or brought into thii

Kingdom, shall be rated to, and pay the said Old Subhdy, according to the Rate and Value of Six

Shillings and Eight-pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois; and after those Rates, for any

greater or less Quantity of such Goods respectively.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where any of the

said Goods herein before enumerated were, before the making this A&, subje£fc or liable to the

Payment of the further Subsidy, One Third Suhlidy, Two T hirds Subsidy, the additional Impost,

the additional Du*y on French Goods, the Subsidy One thousand seven hundred and forty seven, or

any of them, according to the respefiive Values let thereon for the said Old Subsidy, or in propor-

to a rtionably *c. t,on t^iereto» the fame shall, from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June^ One thousand

cord?ngP^PRatcs herein seven hundred and seventy, be paid proportionably, according to the particular Rate or Value here-

tofore set thereon for in before respectively set thereon for the Old Subsidy, and not according to any former Rate or Va-

Old Subsidy. Jue; any Thing in any other A& to the contrary notwithstanding.

Duties, &c. to be raised, IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Subsidies, Impositions,

A&t which granted1 the and Duties, upon the said Goods hetein before mentioned, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid,

hme; and applied, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties

«nd the Power* and p#. and Forfeitures, and with such Discounts, Allowances, and Drawbacks, as are mentioned and ex-

nahiesofthefaid act* pressed in the several Acts of Parliament which granted or continued the fame respectively: And

tended to thw act. all Powers, Penalties, Provisions, Articles, and Clauses, therein contained, shall continue in full

Force and Effect, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting,

paying, and applying, the said respective Subsidies, Impositions, and other Duties, according to the

true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes,

as if the said Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been repeated and enacted in the Body of this

present Adh

Enumerated Goods now V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of

remaining in the King’* the Goods herein before enumerated, as shall b; now remaining in any W archouse under the Kind’s

Warehouse* under pro- Locks, where the said Goods were lodged immediately upon landing, in pursuance of the Proviso

subjeS to ihe7fame Re- for ^at Purpose in the before recited Act made in the Seventh Year of His Majesty’s Reiga, shall

gulations as if imported be subject and liable to the Duties and Regulations herein before mentioned, in the same Manner

■fter 24 June, j77o. as if the said Goods had been imported aftvr the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand

Owner mrk ng a Port seven hundred and seventy; and upon the Owner or Proprietor making a Port Entry for such Goods,

in ^MnnrhlI*Pay*n2» within the Space of Three Months from the Commencement of this Act, into the

win m.kc up the Du tie* Hands of the Collector of His Majesty’s Customs for the Port where such Goods shall be secured,

hereby imposed, Goods so much Money as, together with the Duties before paid upon the Importation of such Goods,

J-,: J up to him. will be equal to the Duties imposed by this Act thereon, the said Goods shall and may be delivered

ment Use UP to or t^em to dispoied of as by Law they may; but in case such Entry shall not be made,

ment 1 c and the Duties paid as aforesaid, within the said Space of Three Months from and after the Com-

mencement of this Act, then it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's

Customs, or any Four or more of them, to cause the said Goods to be brought to any Warehouse

belonging to his Majesty, and publickly sold by Auction to the best Advantage; and after deducing

the Charges of such Sale, to apply the Produce thereof to the Customs and Duties herein before

mentioned; and the Overplus, if any, to be paid to the Owner or Proprietor of such Goods; any

Thing in the before-recited A& to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twen-

ty-fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, no Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane,

to be delivered

But on failure

Entry and Payment

fame may be fidd by

Auftii.n, returning the

Overplus,

