$jo C. 4.6. Anno feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1767.

For every Ream of Paper called German Demy, one Shilling and one Penny Halfpenny.

For every Rcum of Paper called Elephant Fine, six Shillings.

- For every Ream of Paper called Elephant Ordinary, two Shillings and five Pence Farthing.

For every Ream of Paper called Genoa Fools Cap Fine, one Shilling and one Penny Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Genoa Fools Cap Second, nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called German Fooh Cap, nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Fine Printing Fools Cap, nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Second Ordinary Printing Fools Cap, six Pence three Farthings.

’ For every Ream of any other Paper called Fools Cap Fine, not made in 'Great Britain, one Shilling and

ten Pence Halfpenny.

For every Ream of any other Paper called Fools Cap Fine Second, not made in Great Britain, one Shilling

and six Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Fools Cap Fine, made in Great Britain, nine Pence. ’

For every Ream of Paper called Fooh Cat Second, made in Great Britain, six Pence three Farthings.

For every Ream of Paper called Imperial Fine, twelve Shillings.

For every Ream of Paper called Second Writing Imperial, eight Shillings and three Pence.

For every Ream oF Paper called German Lombard, nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Medium Fine, four Shillings and six Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Genoa Medium, one Shilling and ten Pence Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Second Writing Medium, three Shillings.

For wery Ream of Painted Paper* not made in Great Britain, six Shillings.

For every Ream of Paper called Fine Large Pofi, one Shilling and ten Pence Halfpenny.

Fof every Ream of Paper called Small Pofi, one Shilling and one Penny Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Fine Genoa Pot, six Pence three Farthings.

For every Ream of Paper called Second Genoa Pot, six Pence three Farthings.

For every Ream of other Paper called Superfine Pot, not made in Great Britain, one Shilling and fix

Pence.

For every Ream of other Paper called Second Fine Pot, not made in Great Britain, one Shilling and one

Penny Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Ordinary Pot, not made in Great Britain, six Pence three Farthings.

For every Ream of Paper called Fine Pot, made in Great Britain, nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Second Pot, made in Great Britain, four Pence Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Super Royal Fine, nine Shillings.

For every Ream of Paper called Royal Fine, six Shillings.

For every Ream of Paper called Fine Holland Royal, two Shillings and five Pence Farthing.

For every Ream of Paper called Fine Holland Second, one Shilling and six Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Second Fine Holland Royal, one shilling and six Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Ordinary Royal, nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Genoa Koyal, two Shillings and five Pence Farthing.

For every Ream of Paper called Second Writing Royal, four Shillings and one Penny Halfpenny.

• For every Ream of Paper called Second Writing Super Royal, six Shillings.

For every Hundred Weight Avoirdupois of rafte-boards, Mill-boards, and Scale-boards, not made in

Great Britain, three Shillings and nine rence.

For every Hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Paste-boards, Mill-boards, and Scale-boards, made in Great

Britain, two Shilling and three Pence.

And for and upon all Paper which shall be printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain, to serve for

Hangings or other Uses, three Farthings for every Yard square, over and above the Duties payable for such

Paper by this Act, if the fame had not been printed, painted, or stained ; and after those Rates respectively

for any greater or less Quantity.

AH #thet un-

rated Paper how

to be charged.

Quantity of

which a Ream

, and Quite are to

consist.

Duties to be paid

as Sterling Mo-

ney of Great

23ritainj

at the Rate of

5 s. 6d. per Ox.

an Silver; and

to be paid and

levied as any

ether Duties

payable to his

Majesty$

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all other Paper (not being parti-

cularly rated and charged in this Act) shall pay the several and refoeftive Duties that are charged, by this

Act, upon such Paper as is nearest above in Size and Goodness to such unrated Paper.

III. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That a Ream of Paper, chargeable by

this Act, {hall be understood to consist of twenty Quires, and each Quire of twenty-four Sheets.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Rates and Duties, charged

by this Act upon Goods imported into any British American Colony or Plantation, {hall be deemed, and

are hereby declared to be, Sterling Money of Great Britain; and {hall be collected, recovered, and paid, to

the Amount of the Value which such Nominal Sums bear in Great Britain ; and that such Monies may be

received and taken, according to the Proportion and Value of five Shillings and six Pence the Ounce in

Silver; and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in the same Manner and Form, and ,by

such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as any other Duties, now pay-

able to his Majesty upon Goods imported into the said Colonies or Plantations, may be raised. levied, col-

lested, paid, and recovered, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, as fully and effectually, to

all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relat-

ing thereto, were particularly repeated, and again enacted, in the Body of this present Act : And that all

the Monies that {hall arise by the said Duties (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, levying,

recovering,

