A. D. 1765. . Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 43. 95

Fcfbre two or more of his Majesty’s Tuftices of the Peace, residing near to the Place where such Seizure removing of

shall be made, in fijeh Manner and rorm, and by such Rule*, as are directed and prescribed in an A<5To^acco»

passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (intituled, 4 An Act to^isprVfcribSu

4 prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby 5 and to prevent Ships Act 8 Geo. c.

4 breaking their Quarentinc ; and to subject Copper Ore of the Production of the BritiJ).1 Plantations, to iS withrri'pest

4 fi.ch Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject]* with rcfpift to toFort<ilur*#

Vc lie Is, Horses, and Carriages, which are forfeited by that Act of Parliament, for the Removing, Carriage, there‘n

or Conveyance of the Goods therein mentioned. llonc

4 VII. And whereas there are several Species of Linen now manufactured in Rujfa imported into this

4 Kingdom, which are not rated either in the Rook of Rates referred to by the Act of Tonnage and

4 PotinJage made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or in the additional

4 Book of Rates referred to by the Act of the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

4 t.ic Fi'ft, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, the Duties upon which Goods are now payable

4 according to the Value sworn to or affirmed by the Importers, which, by Experience, has been found

4 to be very unequal, from the various Values fixed by the Importers on the fame Species of Goods, some

4 Per.ons greatly undervaluing the Line, to the Detriment of the Revenue, and the Discouragement of

4 the fair Traders :* Now for Remedy thereof, and to put the Trade upon a more equal Foot, be it en-

acted by the Authority aforesaid, 'That from and after the first Day of June, one yhoufand seven hundred The Duties now

artd sixty-five, the Duties now payable upon the Importation of unrated Linen Cloth, of the Manufacture payable on un.

of R-.'Ji iy shall ccafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable ; and that all the Provisions and Clauses r?ted Ruffian

contained in any former Act or Acts of Parliament, so far as the fame relate to the ascertaining the Value Linens imperial*

of tuch unrated Linens according to the Oaths or Affirmations of the Importers, shall be, and are hereby 10 cwfc

fc;»-iled and made void.

V III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in lieu of the said Duties re- the old Sub*-

£ filed by this Act, from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, all granted by-

.men Cloth or Diaper of Rvjfiay not otherwise rated, which shall be imported into any Port or Place £ bc^aidYn*

w.thin Great Britain, flinll, upon the Importation thereof, be rated to pay the Old Subsidy granted by jjcu thereof,

the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, according to the-

according to the several Rates and Values hereafter mentioned $ that is to say. Rate* here me®-

tianed.

All Linen Cloth and Diaper of Rujfiay not otherwise rated, exceeding thirty-one Inches and one half The Ritew

ef an Inch in Breadth, and not exceeding forty-five Inches in Breadth, for every one hundred and twenty

Engljh Ells six Pounds.

Aik! all Linen Cloth and Diaper of Ruffiay not otherwise rated, exceeding forty-five Inches in Breadth,

for every one hundred and twenty English Elis, ten Pounds and in that Proportion for any greater or

left Quantity of any of the said Goods.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where any of the said

Gfods arc by Law subject or liable to the Payment of the further Subsidy, the one-third Subsidy, the

itional Impost, or any other Subsidy or Duty whatsoever, according to the respective Value set thereon

for the oid Subsidy, or in Proportion thereto, the fame shall, from and after the said first Day of June9

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, be paid proportionably according to the particular Rates and

Values herein before set thereon for the old Subsidy aforesaid, and not according to the Oath or Affir-

mation of the Importer, or any other Rate or Value whatsoever; any thing in the respective Acts which

granted the said Duties, or any other Act to the contrary notwithftancling.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the several Subsidies, Impositions, and

Duties, upon the said several Sorts of Goods, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and applied, in such

M-nner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with

such Discounts, Allowances, and Drawbacks, as are mentioned and expressed in the several Acts of Par-

liament, which granted, or continued, and appropriated, the fame respectively ; and all Powers, Penal-

ties, Provisions, Article*, and Clauses, therein contained, (except in inch Cafes where any Alteration is

ma.ie by this Act) shall continue in full Force and EfFedt, during the Continuance of the said respective

Subsidies, Impositions, and other Duties; and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the railing,

kvym», collecting, answering, paying, and appropriating, the said respective Subsidies, Impositions, and

otrxrr Duties, according to th<: true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, as fully and effectually to all

Irtrnts *nd Purposes, as if the said Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been repeated and enacted in the

Body of this present Act; any Law or other Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 XI. And whereas it may contribute to prevent any illicit T rade being carried on by the Inhabitants

4 nf the Jjle of Many to the Prejudice of the Trade and Revenues of his Majesty’s Dominions, if the said

4 Inhabitants are encouraged in the honest and lawful Occupation of cultivating and improving the Lands

4 f»t the f;:»d Island, and of manufacturing the Produce thereof, by allowing them to import the fame into

4 (streat Britain, without Payment of Duties, under certain Limitations and Restrictions for which Pur-

fmfe be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July* one thousand

(even hundred and sixty-five, the Inhabitants of the said ljle of Alan shall and may import directly from

thence into any lawful Port of Great Britain, Bestials, or any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, of the

Growth, ProJuce, and Manufacture, of the said ljle of Many except such as by any Act of this Session of

Parliament ore prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom $ and also ('except Woollen Manufactures,

beer and Ale) without paying any Customs, Subsidies, or Duties> for or m rftpcdl thereof (except such

Excfte

Where any of

the said Goods

are liable to any

a lditioral Sub*

tidy or Duty, the

fame is ro be

paid according ro

the above Rates.

These Duties to

be levied, paid,

and applied, as

mentioned in the

several Acts

granting or coo- -

tinuing the

fajne.

Br ni l’*, and

rthci

th« f.rr v ?h and

Miju'fcft- rr of

the 1 fir of Man,

eterpt fi.th

*rc prohii'i'cd

b) any Act s>f

