A. D. 1767. Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 46. 369

shipped at the Port of Whitehaven, and the other Moiety thereof at the said Port of Liverpool', any Thing •>{ South.

Hi the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding. *'*

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America \ for

allowing a Drawback of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation, from this King- sutUc«. }.

dom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; forItcDu'u^'n

discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America \ and c/lyv,

for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the said Colonies

and Plantations. boards, Mtll-

boards, and Scale-board*, of the Produce or ManufaBurc of Great Britain, into any of bit Majestyt Colonies in America.

4 T T 7 HEREAS it is; expedient that a Revenue should be raised, in your Majesty’s Dominions in PrcimbU.

4 V V America, for making a more certain and adequate Provision for defraying the Charge of the Admi-

4 nistration of Justice, and the Support of Civil Government, in such Provinces where it shall be found

* necessary ; and towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the said

4 Dominions We your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Par-

liament assembled, nave therefore resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Rates and

Duties herein after mentioned ; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled, and be

it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords /

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame, That from and after the twentieth Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, From and afrer

there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid* unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon Nov. »767.

the respective Goods herein after mentioned, which shall be imported from Great Britain into any Colony jhe.Dutlc>fo1'

or Plantation in America which now is, or hereafter may be, under the Dominion of his Majesty, his place

Heirs or Successors, the several Rates and Duties following; that is to say, upon the reVpec.

tive Goods herein after mentioned, imported from Great Britain into the British Colonies and Plantations in America j vis.

# For every Hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Crown, Plate, Flint, and White Glass, four Shillings and Upon GUf*,-

eight Pence.

For every Hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Green Glass, one Shilling and two Pence-

For every Hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Red Lead, two Shillings.

For every Hundred Weight Avoirdupois of White Lead, two Shillings.

For every Hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Painters Colours, two Shillings*

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Tea, three Pence.

For every Ream of Paper, usually called or known by the Name of Atlas Finey twelve Shillings#

For every Ream of Paper called Atlas Ordinary, six Shillings.

For every Ream of Paper called Bastard, or Double Copy, one Shilling and six Pence.

For every Angle Ream of Blue Paper for Sugar Bakers, ten Pence Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Blue Royal, one Shilling and six Pence.

For every Bundle of Brown Paper containing forty Quires, not made in Great Britain, six Pence*

For every Ream of Paper called Brown Cap, not made in Great Britain, nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Brown Large Cat, made in Great Britain, four Pence Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Small Ordinary Brown, made in Great Britain» three Pence.

For every Bundle, containing forty Quires, of Paper called Whited Brown, made in Great Britain, four

Pence Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Cartridge Paper, one Shilling and one Penny Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Chancery Double, one Shilling and six Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Genoa Crown Fine, one Shilling and one Penny Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Genoa Crown Second f nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called German Crown, nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Fine Printing Crown, nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Second Ordinary Printing Crown, six Pence three Farthings.

For every Ream of Paper called Crown Fine, made in Gr eat Britain, nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Crown Second, made in Great Britain, six Pence three FarthiogS.

For every Ream of Paper called Demy Fine, not made in Great Britain, three Shillings.

For every Ream of Paper called Demy Second, not made in Great Britain, one Shilling and four Pence

Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper called Demy Fine, made in Great Britain, one Shilling and one Penny Half-

penny.

For every Ream of Paper called Demy Second, made in Great Britain, nine Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Demy Printing, one Shilling and three Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Genoa Demy Fine, one Shilling and six Pence.

For every Ream of Paper called Genoa Demy Second, one Shilling and one Penny Halfpenny.

Vol. X. 3 B For

Red Lead,

White Lea*

Paintm Co-

lour*,

Tea*,

and Paper!

