A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 51. 145

Woollen Cloth which he shall fufpcd to be falsely or unduly stamped, or be stretched or drained more than

is allowed by this Act, or any Alteration made in the Seal or Seals, contrary to the Direction, true Intent

and Meaning of this Act; and for the better discovering of such Abuse, to measure, or cause to be

measured, any such Cloth ; and in case of Refinance or Refusal by any Person, to permit and fufFcr such

Inspector or Supervisor to enter the fa id Places, or any of them, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Person so

refitting or refilling shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, on Conviction thereof before any such Justice of

the Peace 5 and if such Inspector or Insepctors {hall at any Time find any Woollen Cloth, after the Times

herein directed for sealing the fame, without the Seal or Seals hereby directed to be put thereon, or such

Seal or Seals defaced, counterfeited, or altered, except it shall appear that such Seal or Seals was or were

accidentally loft or maliciously taken off, or that any of such Cloths appear, by the lowed of the Marks,

Stamps, or Seals, to be overstretched or drained, either in Breadth or Length, beyond the Dimensions

allowed of and provided for by this present Act, or that the Name and Place of Abode of the Maker of

such Cloths {hall be cut out or altered ; in such Cafe the Owner of such Cloth, or the Person in whose pe™Uv m

Custody such Cloth shall be found, {hall, for every such Offence, forfeit not exceeding the Sum of five Gftcudei*.

Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

XII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to pr0viso.

give any Power or Authority to such Inspector or Insepctors, to be appointed pursuant to this Act, to search

and examine such Cloths as shall be pressed and packed up for Exportation.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for jtiflice* to make

the Justices of the Peace for the said Weft Riding, or the major Part of them, at their General Quarter Regulations.

Sessions of the Peace to be held yearly after Easter^ and they are hereby impowered to make and issue such

further Orders and Directions, to the several Officers to be appointed by virtue of this Act, for the more

effectual Execution thereof as to them shall seem meet; all which Regulations, Orders, and Directions,

the several Searchers, Meafurers, Insepctors, andSupervifors, so to be appointed, shall, and they are hereby

required to obey and perform.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Mer- where Mer-

chant or Buyer of any such Cloth shall have Cause to fufjpedthe real and true Lengths and Breadths of such chant*

Cloth not to be the lame as stamped upon such Seal or Seals, such Merchant or Buyer shall and may, for Fraud*, they may

Proof thereof, have the Liberty, within six Weeks next after his buying the fame (if such Cloth shall

not before then have been raised, dressed, or dyed) and upon two Days Notice given in Wiiting to all the mrjfM,ed the

Parties, who measured and stamped the said Cloth, to put such Cloth into cold Water, fer any Time not in fetter,

exceeding four Hours, and immediately after the fame shall be taken out of the Water, to cause the

fame to be measured by some sworn Inspector or Supervisor of Cloth in and for the said Riding ; and if,

upon such Admeasurement last mentioned, there shall be found a less or smaller Quantity of Cloth in

Length, or less or smaller Quantity in Breadth, in more than one half Part of the Length thereof than is

mentioned on any of the Seals affixed to such Cloth ; in every such Cafe the Searcher, Measurer, or Su-

pervifbr, who measured and stamped the said Cloth, being convicted of having wilfully and knowingly af-

fixed such false and fraudulent Seals to such Cloth, upon the Oath of the Inspector or Supervisor who last

measured the said Cloth as aforesaid, or of any other credible Witness, before one or moreiuch Justice or

Tuftices of the Peace for the said Riding, or any Corporation within the same (not being Dealers in Wool-

len Cloth, or Occupiers of any Fulling Mill) shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the respective

Penalties and Sums following; that is to say,

For two Inches in Breadth, or one Yard in Length, that such Cloth shall fall short of the Measure polity™

stamped and marked on the Seals thereto affixed, the Sum of five Shillings; and Convia.cn.

For every other Inch in Breadth, or Yard in Length, so overftamped, the Sum of ten Shillings.

T.he said Penalties, after deduding thereout the Costs and Charges of such Prosecution and Conviction, to

be paid and applied as follows; videlicet, one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Trea-

surer of the Weft Riding of the said County of York, for the Purposes herein after mentioned.

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all such Cafes, upon such Second Ad- wt^rc f. if*

measurement of any such Cloths as aforesaid, where any of the Seals affixed shall be found not to contain SeVsan* »,.undf

the just Lengths and Breadths of such Cloths, then, and in every such Cafe, the Inspector or Supervisor, «hc ii»:ps6cr

who, upon such Information and Complaint as aforesaid, measured the fame, shall affix on every such

Cloth hew Seals, to be made and fixed as aforesaid, which shall contain the true Lengths and Breadths of tjtc 3,jP c/

the said Cloth, and that the Length and Number of Yards, by such Inspector or Supervisor so stamped on Piy-irntforthe

such Seals as aforesaid, shall be the Rule of Payment for such Cloth by the Merchant or Buyer thereof, save Clo.l s,

only that such Merchant or Buyer (in order to discourage the vending or exposing to Sale of any such Cloth

with such defective and fraudulent Scab) shall and mav, and he is hereby authorized and impowered, to

dedud and retain to himself, out of the Price of such Cloth, upon which the M>ktr, Searcher, Measurer,

or Supervisor thereof, shall have fixed such defective and fraudulent ocals as aforesaid, the Value or Amount

of so many Yards thereof, out of the Number of Yards in Length so stamped upon such Seals by such In-

spedor or Supervisor who last measured and stamped the fame as aforesaid, as the said Cloth shall fall ftiort

in Inches of Breadth, or Yards in Length, of the Length and Breadth rclpcdively exp relied on the former

fraudulent Seal so affixed by the Maker.

XVI. And it is hen by enacted and declared, That it shall : nd may be lawful to and for the said Trea- TVaWr t* tfe-

surer to dedud and detain the Sums of Money to be forfeited cv the Searchers and Meafurers, Insepctors, M*ncy for.

Vol. X. u and

