A.D. 1767. Anno feptimo Georgii IN. C. 17. 2 87

XL And be it enacted, That the Clerk of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, and the Captain of The Regiment*!

•very Independent Company of Militia, in everyCounty, Riding, and Place, within the Part of Great j*a,tJ,on

Britain aforesaid, shall, between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty-fourth Day of "fune, one CAptJ'ntoVin-

thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, deliver to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Lax for dependent Com-

the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company shall belong, panics, are to

a fair Account in Writing, of all Monies by him received and disbursed for the Service of the preceding dHiver in Ac*

Year, in pursuance of this Act, wkh proper Vouchers for the fame ; and shall pay back to the said Receiver of

or Receivers General of the Land Tax, any Surplus of such Monies that shall then be in his Hand*?; which uXiocrnTnis

said Accounts, signed by such Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or by such Captain of an Independant Company and pay over tie

respectively, shall be transmitted by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the Balance to the

Office of tnc proper Auditor of his Majesty's Revenue. Receiver*.Pme-

r ‘ . , ral; who are to

transmit the Account* into the Auditor'sO.Kce.-

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted* That all Penalties, all Cods and Charges of Suit, and all Recovery of Pe-

Sums of Money, for which any Person or Persons is or are by this Act made answerable, may and shall be &c.

recovered in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or

Information, wherein no EfToin, Wager at Law, or Protection, or more than one Imparlance, shall be

allowed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or pnid N*0 3.j

for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to, or in pursuance forwa^or

of, this A61. or 5um of Mo-

ney iflueJ in pursuance of this A&.

^ XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person being on Half-pay, and serving in the Mili- officer* on H*lf-

tia, shall and may, and he is hereby impowered to receive and take the Subsistence-money by this Act puy irrving in

directed to be paid to Captains, Lieutenants, or Ensigns ; and the receiving and taking such Subsistence- the Militia may

money by any such Captain, Lieutenant, or Ensign, shall not be deemed a Receiving or Taking Pay,. so

as in any Manner to prevent such Person on Half-pay receiving his Half-pay; and such Person lnall take pVy^Vc to°Ltcu--

the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby impowered to administer the fame ; tenm * orEn-

signs, they taking the following Oath before • Justice.

• ▼ A B do swear. That I had not, between the any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil The Oath#.

c JL or Military, under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half-pay as a reduced in

c late Regiment of save and except my Sublistence as Lieutenant or Ensign, as

# the Cafe may be, for serving in the Militia of the County of

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to intitle such Person to receive his Half-pay, without taking'

any other Oath ; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Receiver-gene?

so loon as he shall receive a Warrant under the Hand of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of their re- r*l, u:on re-

fj>ective Regiments or Battalions, certifying the Receipt of the Cloathing, and an Order from the said ceiving a War--

Colonel or Commanding Officer for the Money due on account of the fame, payable to the Person or Per- ranl hom the

foils who furniftied the said Cloathing, shall pay the Sum mentioned in such Order to the Person intitled to

receive the same ; and such Warrant and Order, together with the Receipt of the Person receiving the said jngCihe Rwclpt

Money, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver General. •! (he Cloathing,

and an Order for Payment, is to pay the fame accoiJingly.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, or if any Regi-

Indepcndent Company, shall cease and determine, during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of three ^11

Hulling* per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has afturdly served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Batra-

lion, or independant Company, from the Time such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company

shall cease, to the twenty-fifth Day of Marcby onfc thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight. fr0Jn fttch

Time to 25 March, 1768.

* XVII. And whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, it is enacted. That any

* Militia Man inlisting himftlf into any of his Majesty’s other Forces, shall, over and above any Penalty

or Punishment to which any such Militia Man was liable, be deemed to be legally infilled, and should,

• from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia should end, belong as a Soldier to

€ such Co. ps of his Majesty’s other Forces into which he shall have infilled, and Ihotild, till regularly dif-

• charge 1, be liable to all the Duties of a Soldier, and to all Pains and Penalties inflicted by the Act for

4 punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters : And whereas

• the said rrovision hath been found very inconvenient, and prejudicial to the Militia Se vice \ be it

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Piovision (hull be and is hereby

repealed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer, Serjeant, or

•ther Person recruiting for Men to inlist and serve in his Majesty’s other Forces, lfiutl, at any Time from

and after the passing of this Act, wilfully and knowingly inlist any Person who, at the 'Time of such

Infilling, shall be inrolled and engaged to serve in any Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company of

Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, every such Inlisting (h ill be deemed null and void ; and

in case any Militia Man shall, at any Time from and after the passing of this Act, deny to any Officer,

Serjeant,

CJaufr in the

Aa of the Lit

St ffi. n, rcl.it ng

to M litia Muii

inlistmp in a iy

of the K.rp’i

other hicct,

repealrJ,

Rifn.itinp Ps*

tirs f[( n * lie

K.m.l'S r hir

f« rtti inhfthg

Vilen Vcn ;

lull In lifting

deemed vai'k -

