280 C. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. Anno feptimo Georgii III.

A. D. 1767.

{hall be further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of , one thousand

ieven hundred and sixty-eight, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were

inserted and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

CAP. II.

An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled. An

Act for repealing certain Duties in the British Colonies and , granted by several Alts

of Parliament; and also the Duties imposed by an Act made in the Session of Parliament

upon certain Ealt India Goods exported from Great Britain} and for granting other Duties

instead thereof; and for further encouraging, , and , several Branches of the

Trade of this Kingdom, and the British Dominions in America, as relates to the Exportation

of non-enumerated Goods from the British Colonies in America.

frcaroblfc r

‘citing Claofc in

A a 6 Geo* 3

C*

Kon-cfitsm-

rated Goods,

laden in aof

British Ameri-

can Colony,

may be landed

in Ireland.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled. An Act for repealing

certain Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations, granted by several Act $ of Parliament; and

r J ' *' • ei n /r t% - * *uj|f East India Goods exported

encouraging, regulating, and

Dominions in America; it is,

. , , , , ,, rs in the said xecited Ad men-

* tioned, shall be given to the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs, at any Port or Place

* in any of the British American Colonies or Plantations, with one Surety besides the Master of every Ship

* or Vessel that shall lade or take on board there any non enumerated Goods, with Condition, that fuen

* Goods shall not be landed at any Part of Europe to the Northward of Cape Finifterrey except in Great

4 Britain: And whereas Ireland should have been excepted in the said Act as well as Great Britain :*

Be it therefore enabled and declared by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That any non-enumerated Goods laden as aforesaid, in *n\ British Ame-

rican Co\ony or Plantation, may be landed in Ireland; and that the said recited Act, and all the Regula-

v tions therein contained, so far as the fame relate to the Bond and Security for landing such non-enumerated

Goods in Great Britain, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to Ireland also, as fully and effectually

to all Intents and Purposes as if Ireland had been excepted and named in the said Act; and that any Bond

Tfe?mite4Aft, which may have been entered into in pursuance of the said recited Act, not to land any non-enumerated

lat^to'the*" ‘ Goods m any Part of Europe to the Northward of Cape Finiflerre, except in Great Britain, shall and

Bond and Seen- may be cancelled and discharged by the like Certificate under the Hands and Seals of the Collector and

rity for landing Comptroller, or other Principal Officer of the Customs at any Port in Ireland, testifving the Landing such

suchs non-enu- Goods there, in the same Manner as if the said Goods had been landed in Great Britain 3 any Thing in

in G*reatBriudn * &“<* recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding. 1

extended to lie- O a D TTT

land, Ac ^ A V "L

Refer to 31 An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread,

Geo.*, c. x. Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extradion of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheft

h—- exp.

( Geo. 3. c. 3, 4, 5.40. 7 Geo. 3. e. 36,54. 8 Geo. 3. c. x. f Geo. 3. Seff. s. c. x. 10 Gtt. 3. e. 1.

CAP. IV.

See cep. 5, u, An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour from his Majesty’s Colonies in Amtrict

%%‘ * into this Kingdom> for a limited Time, free of Duty. EXP.

CAP. V.

s«* eaP' 4.H, An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour from any Part of Europe into this King*

%i> s* dom, for a limited Time, free of Duty. EXP.

CAP VI.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry*

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-feren. E XP.

C A PI

