t

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

foriy to Wansford Bridgey in the County of Huntingdon

so fir at relates to the Middle and South Divisions of

the Road comprised in the said Acts; and for amending

the Road from the Town of Huntingdon to the cause-

way at or near the Weft End of the Town of Somerjham,

in the said Coentjr of Huntingdon.

yl. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair,

the Road from Welford Bridge, tn the County of North-

umftins through Hujhants Boftvorth and Great IVtgJlony

to Milflon Lemey in the Town of Leicester.

J9* An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge

the Powers of an Act passed in the third Year of his pre-

font Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and keep-

ing in Repair, the Road from the Town of Cambridge to

Efy, and from thence to Sobam; and for building a

Bridge cross the River Ouzef at or near a Place called

Stretham Ferry, in the County of Cambridge; and for re-

pairing and widening, and making several other Roads,

adjoining to the Roads directed to be repaired and widen-

ed by the said Act.

50. An Act for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and

for giving further Powers for repairing the Road leading

from Chapel on the Heathy in the County of Oxford, to

B our ton on the Hilly in the County of Gloucester.

81. An Act for Cleansing and Lighting the Streets, Lancs,

ind Passages, within the Towns of Manchester and Sal-

Jhrdy in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for pro-

viding Fire Engines and Fire Men; and for preventing

Annoyances within the said Towns.

51. An Act to enlarge certain Powers granted by an Act

passed in the twenty-fecund Year of the Reign of King

George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging and

Onaintettning the Harbour ef Ramsgate, and for cleanfmgy

amending, and preservingy the Haven if Sandwich.

83. An Act for amending the Road from Chatteris Ferry,

through Chatteris and marjhy to Wifjbech Saint Peters;

and from thence to Tid Gotey in the Ijle of Ely; and from

Wijhech aforesaid, through Outwell9 to Downham Bridge,

in the County of Norfolk; and for repealing the several

Acts for repairing the said Road between Wisbech and

March.

4. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

NtweqfHe under Line to Haffop; and from Middle Hills

to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road, near Buxton; and

also the Road branching out of the said first mentioned

Road at Cobridge, to Burjlem; and to the Utoxcter Turn-

pike at Sheltony in the County of Stafford.

15. An Act for repairing ana widening the Roads from

Bawtry Bridgey in the County of Nottingham^ to Haiulony

In the County of Lincoln; and from North Willingham to

the North End of the Lane betwixt Dexthorpe and Lang-

totiy and from Weft Raijtn to Pi ford Bridge 5 and from

the Great Road near Bishop Bridge to Bishop Norton Com-

mon; and from the Hamlet of Morton to Epworth; and

from Haxey Fieldy to the Trent at Kinnald Ferry y in the

County of Lincoln.

16. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act

made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty, for repairing the High Road from the Town of

ShrewJbuij through Crejfagty Harley, Much JVenlcck, by

Mucktey ( *rofsy and through Morvillt to Bridgenorthy in

the County of Salop; and for amending several other

Roads near or adjoining thereto.

7. An Act to amend several Acts passed in the fourth and

sixth Years of King George the First, and in the

eleventh and twenty-fourth Years of King George the

Second, for repairing several Roads from the Stones End

in Kent Street, and Bermondfq Street, Southwark, to Dart-

ford, and to the Extent of the Parish of Lewijhamy next

Bromley and Beckinghamy in the County of Kent; and for

extending the said Acts to the Repair of the Roads lead-

ing from the End of the present Turnpike to the Weft

End of Stroud Greeny and to Farnborough Welly and to.

tht Stones End in London Street, Greemviehy and to thei

North End of Burnt Ash Laney in the Parish of Leey and

from the Weft End of Greenwich Park Wall to Woolwich

Warren j and for making an Allowance out of the Tolls

arising by the said Acts to the Trustees for putting in

Execution an Act of the twenty-second Year of King

George the Second, for opening and making a new Road

from the East End of New Street, in the Farish of Saint

John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein

mentioned; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the

future.

88. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Barton Waterside-house to Rifeham Edge Corner, and lc-

veral other Roads in the County of Lincclny therein men-*

tioned.

89. An Act for the building a Bridge over the River

Tay, at or near the Town of Pertby in the County of

Perth.

90. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

thz Alfreton Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little

Robinsy in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of

Nottingham\ through Woolley Abory to the Nottingham

Turnpike Road near Tanfey, in the County of Dn by

and from Woolley Moory to the Cheftcrfeld T urn pike Road

at Keljlidgey in the County of Derby.

91. An Act for vesting certain Glebe Lands, belonging to

the Rectory of the Parish Church of Saint Chri/lopbery in

the City of Londony in the Governor and Company of

the Bank of England$ and for making a Recompence to

the Rector of the said Parish, and his Successors, in lieu,

thereof; and for obviating certain Doubts in an Act

passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty, for widening certain Streets, Lancs, and Paf-

lages, within the City of London.

92. An Act for explaining and amending, and likewise for

enlarging the Term and Powers granted by a certain Act

of Parliament, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled, An Act for amending/ever al Roads leading from

the Town Taunton, in the County of Somerlet.

93. An Act for repairing, widening, turning, altering,

and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Port

Town and Borough of Mineheady through Dunfler and

Tiwberfcombcy to Hele Bridgey and through the Town of

Dulvertoriy and by the River and Brushford Green to Ex-

bridgey in the County of Somerset, and from thence to*

Batham Bridgey in the Town of Bampton, in the County

of Devon; and also the Road leading from the said Port

Town and Borough of Mineheady through Car bampton.

and Billbrocke to Harrow Gatey in the Parish of Stop urn-

hery in the County of Somerset; and also the Road lead-

ing from Carhampton aforesaid, through the Town of

H'atchft, in the Parish of Saint Deeumansy in the County

of Somerset, to or near the Village of Rydcny and by Long

Cross Barny to the End of the Bridgewater 1'urnpikc

Road, in the Town of Nether Stcuey, in the County of

Somerset; and also from the said Town of H atchet to

Tower Hilly in the Village of Willitony in the Parish of

Saint Deeumansy and from the said Town of Watehety b Y

by Way of Five Bellsy to Fair Crcfsy and from thence to

Stickle Pathy over Brendon Hilly to Robtry JLanty and to*

Bamptont in the said County of Devon.

94. An Act for repairing the Church of the United

7 Paufkw-

