70

Anno quinto Georgii III.

A.D. 1765.

thcCommifiton-

ers of the Cuf

t^rils m y put up

the fame t»> pnb-

|ick Sale, and

decH;& thcDu'.ies

and Charges.

Bugles i-nported

before 1 June,

1765, for which

Duties were paid,

being duly ware-

housed, are to be

allowed the

Drawback on

£ipoitation,&c.

Bugles imported

after the said 1

June, net being

wauho'i ed, are

to pay full Du *ies,

subject to 1 he

usual Discounts.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons

having in his or their Custody any Bugles imported ocforc the said first Day of June, one thousand seven

hundred and sixty-five, for which the Duties have been paiJ or secured according to Law, who shall, oil

or before the said first Day of Juney bring and deposit, or cause to be brought and depoficed, such Bugles,

in such Warehouse as shall be approved of by the Commissioners aforesaid for that Purpose, shall thereupon

he repaid and allowed, by the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs at the Port where such

Bugles were imported, all the Duties which such Bugles would be intitled to draw back upon the Expor-

tation thereof, in the same Manner and Form as if such Bugles were actually exported; and the fame shall

be liable to the same Rules and Regulations as they would be liable to, by this Act, if they had been ware-

housed unon their first Importation.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after

the said first Day of June every Person importing any Bugles into Great Britain, which (lull net be ware-

housed in the Manner herein before directed, shall pay down in ready Money all the several Duties

due for the fame, subject to the usual Discounts; - any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary not-

withstanding.

Commissionerjof VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the

the Cu*Jomsim' Commissioners of the Customs in that Part of Great Britain, called England, or any three or more of them.

Licences at^ny* at any Time before the fifth Day of July next, but no longer, to grant Licence without Fee or Reward,

Time before f in such Cafes as they shall think proper, to any Person or Persons, to import into any Port in England

July next, for from the IJlc of Man, in British Ships navigated according to Law, any Quantity of Rum, Brandy, Iron,

importation Gunpowder, Cowries, Arangoes, and such Coarse Primed Callicoes, of the Product and Alanufailure

Mao ^fRum^ the Loft Indies, as are fit and necessary for the African Trade, which were imported into the said Isle of

BrtnJy? iron^ Man before the first Day of March, one thousand (even hundred and sixty-five; so as Notice be first given

Gunpowder, and to the said Commissioners of the Quantities, Species, and Package of such Goods, so intended to be im-

Bast India ported, together with the Maiks and'Numbers thereof, with the Name of the Ship and Master in which

‘Good*, pro- t]lc fame are intended to be laden, and the Port into which they are intended to be brought; and Proof be

fr; ca oTrdf^* made by Oath of the Proprietor (or if the Proprietor be a Quaker, by his Affirmation) and by the Oath of

which wltt im- One uther credible Person, of the Time when the Goods, for which such Licence is desired, were imported

ported thete be- into the said lfe of Man.

fore 1 March

S765; ducNotice being first given them of the Quantities and Sprcief, Sec, and Oath made of the Time of Importation.

Such Goods to

pay only one

half of the Old

Subsidy j

and to be ware-

boufird upon

Landing, and the

Gunpowder fe-

cured.

Upon Entry of

the Goods, the

Licence *0 he cle-

lijrered up, and

frenlrrmttd to

the Comminion-

tn.

Conditions of

Exportation.

Unrated Good*

to pay according

to the Pncc and

Value.

From and after

l June, 17,6 5, the

Bounty upo 1 Ex-

portation of

Corn. L-c. to the

lfle of Man is to

k discontinued j

and me I He yf

Ma k to be I9r

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Goods so imported, by virtue of such Licence, shall not be liable

to the Payment of any Customs or Duties whatsoever, other thaaone half of the Old Subsidy granted by

the A& of Tonnage and Poundage, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Charles the Second, which

shall be paid down in ready Money, and shall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the Exporta-

tion of the fame Goods; and that all such Goods, except Gunpowder, shall, upon Landing, be immedi-

ately lodged and secured in such Warehouses belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as the

said Commissioners of the Customs shall direct and appoint; and that all Gunpowder so imported, shall be

immediately lodged and secured in such Warehouse or Magazine as shall be provided at the Expence of the

Proprietor of such Gunpowder, and approved of by the said Commissioners, under the joint Locks of the'

King and the said Proprietor: And upon Entry of any of the Goods aforesaid, the Licence granted for

importing the fame shall be delivered up tyr the Master, or other Person taking Charge of the Veftel, to

the Colk&or or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation, to be by such Officer

transmitted to the said Commissioners of the Customs to be cancelled: And the said Goods shall not be de-

livered out of such Warehouse or Magazine in which they shall be secured as aforesaid, otherwise than on

Condition to be exported to Africa only, under the like Securities, Regulations, and Restrictions, Penal-

ties and Forfeitures, as East Indip Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain are liable to by

Law; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always. That the said one half of the old Subsidy for such of the Goods aforesaid, as are

unrated in either of the Books of Rates made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Se-

cond, or in the eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, or in any other Ail of Parliament,

shall.be paid according tonhe Price and Value of such Goods, to be ascertained by the Oath or Affirmation

of the Importer, by the like Rules, Regulations, and Piescriptions, as arc prescribed and praitifed by Law

for other unrated Goods imported into this Kingdom.

4 XI. And whereas it is proper, that (be Bounty payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and AIlow-

4 ances payable in Ireland, upon the Importation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, exported to the

4 lfe of Man., should be discontinued ;* Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and

after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Bounty shall be allowed or paid

for any Sort of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, or Flour, which shall be entered for Exportation from Great

Britain to the Isle of Man; and that no Bounty or Allowance shall be allowed or paid for any Sort of Corn,

Grain, Malt, Meal or Flour, which shall be entered for Exportation from Ireland to the said lile; and that

the

