564 C. 22, 23.

Anno nono Georgii III.

A. D. 1769.

a sufficient Distress on the Premises whereby to levy and raise the fame, then, and in either of the said

Cales, the said Assessments shall be and remain a Charge upon the said Premises, and shall and may be re-

covered of and from the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof respectively, by Action of

Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at We/lminster, or in the

Court for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets, or in any other Court for the Reco-

very of Small Debts within the Jurisdiction whereof the Person or Persons liable to pay the fame shall

inhabit or reside, to be commenced and prosecuted by such Collector or Collectors, in the Name or Names

of any One or more of the said Commissioners; in which Action or Suit no Protection, Efloin,

Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

UntensuitedHou- XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if it (ha’l happen that any of the Lands, Houses, Shops,

to to be raicd. Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, within the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Places re-

spectively within the District comprized in this Act, shall, at the Time of making any of the said Rates

or Afl'dlments, be empty, untenanted, or unoccupied, then, and in every such Cale^ it shall and may be

lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to rate and assess the said Premises

* and in such Cafe, as well as in case the said Premises shall, after the making of such Rate or Rates, Af-

feflment or Assessments, become empty, untenanted, or unoccupied, One Half of such Rate or Assess-

ment shall be a Charge on such Premises respectively, and be paid by the Fit ft Tenant or Occupier there-

of, who shall and may, and is hereby authorised to deduct and retain the fame out of his or her Rent;

and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, of such Premises, is and are hereby required to allow

such DeduCIion and Abatement upon the Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their rdpeftive Rents;

and the Tenant or Occupier shall be, and is hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much of his

or her Rent as the Rate or Assessment, so paid by nim or her, shall amount unto.

Grounds to be af- XIX. 4 And whereas by the said former Act it is enacted, That the Rates thereby directed to be made

lelll'd by the

Square Yard.

Termer Act to

extend to this.

Publick. A&.

4 on all dead Walls, and on void Spaces of Ground, shall be laid by the Yard Running Measure, which

4 has been found very unequal: For Remedy whereof,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That from and after the passing of this Act, all such dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground adjoining

to the said Streets, Lanes, and other Places, shall be rated by the Square Yard at such Rate as the said

Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall judge reasonable, not exceeding Six-pence the Square

Yard.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said former Act, as to all and every

Matter, Clause, and Proviso, therein contained, and also as to every Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture,

thereby authorised to be imposed, or thereby inflicted for Offences committed, and the Manner of levy-

ing and recovering thereof, (except wherein otherwise provided for by this Act) shall be extended and

extend to this Act, and to the Rates and Assessments heieby authorised and directed to be made, laid, and

assessed, and be deemed Part thereof; and shall operate, be in force, and be observed, enforced, and per-

formed, in respect to this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were re-

peated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed

in all Courts of Justice as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices and others, are hereby required to.

take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of the Twenty eighth of His late Majesty,.

for the better enlightening and cleansing the Open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys*

Passages, and Courts, within the Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great> London, and regu-

lating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish; and for impowering the

Trustees, in the said Act named, to pave the said Streets and other Places within the said

Parish, and to remove Annoyances and Obstructions.

aSGeo.II.c.37.* itjHE R E A S by an Act passed in the Twenty-erghth Year of His late Majesty’s Reign, cerfairr

4 VV Trustees are appointed for the better enlightening and cleansing the Parish of Saint Bartholomew

4 the Great, London, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles thereof, and for other Purposes thereirr

4 mentioned: And whereas the Pavements in the said Parish are in general in a bad Condition, and many

4 Annoyances and Obstructions remain in the Streets, and the Trustees appointed in the said Act can-

c not amend .or remove the fame, without further Powers being granted by Authority of Parliament:

4 And whereas the said Act has in several other Particulars been found defective; May it therefore please

4 Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

Trustees for this and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

4#* Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of May\ in

die Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, the Trustees appointed to put the-

said

