784

C. 5r*

Anno dccinio Georgii III.

A. D. 1770.

CAP. LL

An Act so encourage the Improvement of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, held under Settlements of drift Entail.

Pr*mt>l«, wci^Tnji an

Act of the Scottifl* Par-

Raneat, 1685,

Fr^prif fort of entailed '

Ell-u. s n »y f rant Tacks

for 14 Years, and one

ea'il.nv' l»fe ;

c*r Icr 2 Lives, and Life

mi S*n v.von or for 31

Tears.

Spec ifi?.vion of Terms

In \rhich Lands f# leased

ire to be inclosed.

Leafr for a Lives, or

more than 19 Years, to

oblige Tenant to keep

Fences tn Repair, and to

leave them so al Expira-

tion.

Not more than 40 Acres

to he compiehended in

One Field, extept where

I .a nils arc impc >per for

Culture by the Plough.

Holloing 1 cases may be

granted for 99 Years.

But not for rrme than 5

Acre t-xtne P*«son

rond.ti .ni'lv, that One

I>.veiling-hruifc* he huilt,

dbc. lor every Half Acre.

M • nor-place not to be

leased.

liar Village Wit within

300 Yards t.iereof.

Cejfe not tn be granted

for le'S R«*r th in was

payable for tire Hit

4 TT J HEREAS by an A& of the Parliament of Scotland^ made in the Year One thoufanc! fix

4 VV hundred and eighty-five, intituled, del concerning Tallies, all His Majesty’s Subjects are im-

4 powered to tallie their Lands and Estates in Scotland with such Provisions and Conditions as they

4 shal 1 think fit, and with such irritant and resolute Clauses as to them shall seem proper ; and

4 which Tallies, when completed and published in the Manner ditcdlcd by the said Act, are declared

4 to be real and effectual a gain ft Purchasers, Creditors, and others whatsoever: And whereas many

4 Tallies of Lands and Estates in Scotlandmade as well before as after passing the said Act, docon-

4 tain Clauses limiting the Heirs of Entail from granting Tickets or Leases of a longer Endurance

4 than their own Lives, fur a small Number of Years only, whereby the Cultivation of Land in that

* Part of this Kingdom is greatly obstruclcd, and much Mischief arises to the Publick; and which

4 must daily increase, so long as the Law allowing such Entail subsists, if fomc Remedy be not pro-

4 vided : Wherefore, to prevent a Mischief and. Inconveniency so hurtful to the Publick/ be it

enacted by the King's most Excellent Ivlajesty, by and with the Advice and'Content of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That it shall and may be law u! to every Proprietor of an entailed Estate within that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland, to grant Tacks or Leases of all or any Part or Parts thereof, for any

Number of Years not exceeding Fourteen Years from the Term of V/bitjunday next after the Date

thereof, and for the Life of One Per ton to be named in such Tacks or Leases, and in being at the

Time of making thereof ; or for the Lives of Two Persons to be named therein, and in being at the

Time of making the same, and the Life of the Survivor of them ; or for any Number of Years, not

exceeding Thirty-one Years from the Term aforef .id.

II. Provided always, That every such Lease for Two Lives shall contain a Clause obliging the

Tenant or Tenants to fence and inclose, in a sufficient and lading Manner, all the Lands to leased

within the SDace of Thirty Years, and Two Third Parts thereof within the Space of Twenty

Years, and One Third Part thereof whhin the Space Ten Years, if the said Lease shall continue

for such respediive Terms ; and that every such Lease for any Term of Ye rs exceeding Nineteen

Years, shall contain a Clause, obliging the Tenant or Tenants to fence and inclose in like Manner

all the Lands so leased during the Continuance of such Term, and Two Third Parts thereof before,

the Expiration of Two Third Parts of such Term, and One Third Part thereof before the Expira-

tion of One Third Part of such Term.

III. And provided also, That every such Lease for Two Lives, or for any Term of Years ex-

ceeding Nineteen Years, /hall contain a Clause obliging the Tenant or Tenants to keep and pre-

serve the Fences, when made, in good and sufficient Repair during the Lease, and to leave them so

at the Expiration thereof; and that no Inclosures which shall be made, shall comprehend more than

Forty Acres in One Field ; excepting where the Lands consist of Hills or other Grounds incapable

or improper by their Nature for Culture by the Plough ; in which Cafe, the Inclosures may be made

of such Extent as the Nature of the Ground shall require

IV. 4 And whereas the building of Villages and Houses upon entailed Estates may, in many Cafes,

4 be beneficial to the Publick, and might often* be undertaken and executed, if Heirs of Entail

4 were impowered to encourage the fame, by granting long Leases of Lands for the Pu'pofc of

4 Buildin;/ be it therefore enacted determined by the Authority afor Hid, That it shall be, and it is hereby

declared to be, in the Power of every Proprietor of an entailed Estate, to grant Leases of Land for

the Purpose of Building, for any Number of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Y»ars.

V. Provided always, That not more than Five Acres shall be granted to any One Person, either

in his own Name, or to any other Person or Persons in Trust for him ; and that every such Lease

shall contain a Condition that the Lease shall be void, and the fame is hereby declared void, if One

Dwelling-house at lenft, not under the Value of Ten Pounds St rlin£, (h ill not be built within the

Space of 1 en \ ears from the Date of the Lease, for each One Half Ac re of Ground comprehend-

ed in the Lease ; and that the said Houtes shall be kept in good, tenantnble, and sufficient Repair;

and that the Lease shall be void whenever there shall be a less dumber of Dwelling-houtes than One,

of the Value aforesaid, to each One Half Acre of Ground, kept in such Repair as aforcfaiJ, (land-

ing upon the Gr und so leased. ...

v I. Provided also, That the Power of Leafing hereby given shall not in any C Tc extend to, or

be underltood to comprehend, a Power of Leafing, or Setting in Tack, the M inor-place, Office-

hou fes, Gardens, Orchards, or Inclosures adjacent to the Manor place, which have usually been in

the natural Pollession of the Proprietor, or have not been usually let for a longer Term than Seven

Years, when the Heir in Possession was of lawful Age; and that no Lease of Lands shall be grant-

ed, under the Authority of this Act, for rhe Purpose of building Villages or Houses within Three

hundred Yards of the Manor-place in the natural Possession of the Proprietor.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Leases made or to be granted under the Au-

thority of this A cl, shall be made or granted lor a Rent not under the Rent payable by the l ift

Lease 01 Sett, and without Grallum Fine or boregitt, or any Benefit whatsoever, Jircdtly or indi-

* rcctl y,

