590 C. 26.

Anno nono Georgii III.

A.D. 1769.^

Creditors.

Assignee* may

XLII. 4 And whereas it may happen that several Persons who may claim and be intitled to the Benefit

4 of this Act, are seised of an EstateTail in some Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, orHercdi-

4 ments ; which Entail, with the Remainders thereupon expectant, they have by Law Power to defeat

4 and bar, either by levying a Fine or Fines, suffering a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries, or

4 by Surrenderor Surrenders thereof, whereby such Person or Persons said Freehold or Copyhold Lands,

4 Tenements, or Hereditaments would be liable to the Payment of their Debts, and be delivered up, ac-

4 cording to the Terms of this AS, for the Benefit of their Creditors \* be it therefore enacted by the

Person? seised of Authority aforesaid, That, in every such Cafe, such Person or Persons so seised as aforesaid, and whofliall

c'ai^l,CihcB? entitled to, and claim the Benefit of this Act, {hall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever in‘Law, be

»jh!gAa deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seised of such Lands, Tenements, and Heredi-

are to deliver up

taments in Fee; provided the fame {hall be delivered up to the Creditor or Creditors of every such Pri-

tbc fame 10 ihe foner, in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had actually levied a Fine, suffered a Common

Recovery or Recoveries, or made a Surrender or Surrenders thereof, and thereby bad become seised in Fee;

any Law, or Construction of Law, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLII I. 4 And whereas many Prisoners who may be intitled to, and claim the Benefit of this Act, have

4 been great Dealers, or otherwise engaged in large Transactions, whereby they maybe intitled to sundry

4 and great Debts and Demands of various and intricate Natures, and they may be intitled to Equities of

4 Redemption of Ellatcs, subject and liable to Mortgages, Judgements, or other Incumbrances, or to

4 Rcverfions. Remainders, or other contingent Estates in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to

4 other Trusts or Interests in Estates, both Real and Personal, which may not be sufficiently described or

4 di(covered in the Schedule or Inventory before directed to be delivered in, upon Oath, by the Prisoner

4 to be discharged as aforesaid, or which may want his Aid or Assistance to adjust, make out, recover, or

4 manage, for the Benefit of the Creditors be it therefore ermfted by the Authority aforesaid, That it

npiy for further {hall ana may be lawful to and for the respective Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or

Examination of Prisoners who {hall obtain his, her, or their Discharge, in pursuance of this Act, or any other Person or

in-The DiVcov*y Per^ons duly authorised by them for that Purpose, from Time to Time, to apply to any Two or more of

oThbEft’e&s^c the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, where such

Prisoner or Prisoners shall be then residing, thereby desiring that such Prisoner or Prisoners may be further

and justiew may examined as to any Matters or Things relating to his, her, or their Estate or Effects ; whereupon such

fend for and exa. Justices {hall fend for, or call before them such Prisoner or Prisoners by such Warrant, Summons, Ways

Gordin |*nloneTor Means, as they {hall think fit; and, upon such Prisoner’s appearing, {hall examine him, her, or them,

accor mgy. we]i Upon Oath as otherwise, as to such Matters and Things as such Assignee {hall desire, relating to

Pris*nenefufing the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and if any Prisoner or Prisoners son Payment or

to appear, or to Tender of Payment of such reasonable Charges as such Justices {hall judge sufficient) shall neglect or

refuse to come and appear, not having a lawful Excuse, to be made known to such Justices, and by them

allowed, or, being come before them, {hall refuse to be sworn,* or to answer to all such Quellions as by

such Justices {hall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the Discovery of his, her, or their Estate or

Effects so vested or intended to be vested in such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer acting

as Clerk of the Peace, or in such Assignees as aforesaid, that then it {hall and may be lawful to and for such

Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to apprehend such Prisoner or Prisoners so offending

as aforesaid, and him, her, or them to commit to the County Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or

Mainprize, until such Time as he, {he, or they {hall submit him, her, orthemselves to such Justices, and

answer upon Oath to all such lawful Quellions as {hall by such Justices be put to him, her, or them, for

the Purposes aforesaid.

20!. percent, al- XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Person and Persons

lowed on difeo- who shall, within Twelve Months after the Discharge of such Prisoner or Prisoners, voluntarily come in

Mo mi. 5^ any Pa^tan.^ ma^e a Discovery of any Part of such Debtor or Debtors Real or Personal Estate as {hall not be com-

oPthe Prisoner’* prized in such Schedule as aforesaid, before any Justices as aforesaid, {hall be allowed after the Rate of

Estate not re- Twenty' Pounds per Centum, out of the Net Produce of such Debtor or Debtors Estate which shall be re-

turned in die covered on such Discovery, and which {hall be paid to such Person or Persons so discovering the fame, by

Schedule. the Assignee or Assignees of such Prisoner’s Estate and Effects.

DUchargeobtain- XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Discharge of any Prisoner or

«d fraudulently Prisoners by virtue of this Act, if it {hall hereafter appear the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any

void. Part of the Oath taken by any such Prisoner was not true 5 then, and in every such Cafe, every such Di(-

char^e {hall be void and of none Effect.

Persons conceal- XLV I. And, for the better Discovery of the Estate and Effects of any Prisoner who {hall be discharged

ingany Efta e or by virtue of this Act, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall

fooefforfcft6Pr'i^’have accepted of any Trust or Trusts, and {hall wilfully conceal or protest any Estate, Real or Personal,

Double Va- any such Prisoner, from his Creditors, and {hall not, within-Thirty Days after any Assignee or Assignees

lue, wirh Treble {hall, in pursuance of this Act, be chose of any such Prisoner’s Estate, discover and disclose to such

Costs of Suit. Assignee or Assignees such Trust and Estate in Writing, and deliver up or make over the fame to such

Assignee or Assignees, he, {he, or they so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of

One hundred Pounds, and also double the Value of the Estate, cither Real or Personal, so concealed, to

and for the Use of the Creditors of any such Prisoner 5 to be recovered by Action of Debt, in any of his

Majesty’s

answer upon

Oath may be

cwnmitted.

,

