Xina’trnn of

.A t t-uii i.

C< ner-1 IiTuc.

Trocar

Or? Mor.tVs

Kctice.

560 C. 2i>2 2. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-

menced against any Person or Persons (or any Mailer or Piling done in pursuance of this Act, such Suit

ill all be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and shall belaid

in the County of Lincoln, and not clfuwhere; and every Defendant in such Action or Suit may plead the

Geneial Wuc, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupon: and

if it shall appear to be done in pursuance of this Act, or that such Action or Suit was brought after the

Time before limited, or in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant; and upon

such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue such Action or Suit,

or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or De-

fendan s shall recover 1 reble Colts, and have the like Remedy for the fame that any Defendant or Defen-

dants hath or have in other Cafes by Law.

No Action to be LX IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit

brr.uzht till artcr shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, far any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this

Act, until Notice thereof in Writing shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at his or their

Place or Places of Abode, by the Party intending to commence such Action, or his Attorney or Agent,

One Calendar Month at the least before such Action brought; in which Notice the Cause of such Action

shall be clearly Cxpreffcd, and on the Back thereof shall be indorsed the Name of the Plaintiff, his At-

torney, or Agent; and that no Plaintiff shall recover in any such Cafe, unless it be proved upon the

Trial that such Notice was given as aforesaid; but in Default thereof, a Verdict shall be given for the

Defendant or Defendants, together with the like Costs of Suit as though the Verdict had been given upon

the Mciits.

LXV. Provided also, and it is likewise enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Defendant, within

One Calendar Month after such Notice given as aforesaid, to tender Amends to the Plaintiff, his or her

Attorney or Agent, and if the fame is not accepted, to plead such T ender in Bar to any Action to be brought

against him, together with the Plea of Not Guilty, and any other Plea with Leave of the Court; and if,

upon issue joined, the Jury shall find the Amends tendered to have been sufficient, they shall give a Verdict

for such Defendant: and in such Cafe, or if the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his or her

Action, or in case Judgement shall be given for such Defendant upon Demurrer, such Defendant shall be

intitled to the like Costs as if he had pleaded the General issue only

fnhVick Act. LXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be a Publick Act;

and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading

the fame.

T*'vlrr of

All' I.C:.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to amend, and render more effectual an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving the Streets, and other Places, in that Part of the

Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate which lies in the County of Middlesex , and Part of a Strut%

called East Smithfield, in the Precinct of Saint Catherine; and for cleansing^ lightings and

watching the fame, and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for paving the Streets, and other Places, in that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate

which lies in the County of Middlesex; and Part of a Street, called East Smithneld, in the Precinct of Saint

Catherine; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances

therein; certain Commissioners therein named are impowered to borrow a Sum not exceeding Four

thousand five hundred Pounds, by way of Annuities for Lives; the Interest whereof is determined by the said Act

charged upon and payable out of the Money arising and to arise by certain Rates or Assessments by the

said Act directed to be laid upon all Persons who shall inhabit, hold, or occupy, any Land, House,

Shop, Warehouse, Wharf, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement, within the District comprised in the

Act: And whereas the Sum granted by the said Act has been found insufficient to complete the good

Purposes intended thereby; and it will be impossible to complete the same without an additional Rate

or Assessment: And whereas the said Act has in several other Particulars been found defective: May it

therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and’ be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord’ Spiritual and Tem-

forW«tt!r°nr”s Por:^> an<^ Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authorky of the fame. That the

Xi\\a Ex*cU.S ComiT.issioners named in, and elected or to be elected in pursuance of, the said former Act* shall be, and

tioa. arc hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution.

^ II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commissioner appointed or to be

*w\TihcCt' appointed to Put the said former Act and this present Act in Execution, shall neglect to attend at the

Office of Com- Meetings of the said Commissioners, to be held for the Execution of the said former or this present Act,

muiioner. for the Space of Six Calendar Months, (unless prevented by Sickness, or other unavoidable Occasion)

that then, and in every such Cafe, the rest of the Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and

may

PreatriWe, reci- t

ting 7 Ceo.

III. c. 8$. not c

printed in the

vjttal Co Ik eft on

Of Pbthick /itU.

(

c

c

t

(

(

c

