24.2 C. 38. Ahno sexto Georgii III. A. D. 1766.

Ceucrii I flue, plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had

thereupon ; and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the fame

shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action or Suit {hall not be brought within the Time before

limited, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the

Defendant or Defendants ; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or fufftr a Discontinu-’

ance of his or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, or if,

upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the said Defendant or Defend-

T.eblc Costs. ants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or

Defendants hath or have for Costs in any other Cafes by Law.

Publick Act. XII. And it is hereby further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act;

and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whatsoever,

without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXVIII.

see 21 Geo. 1. An Act for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights ; and for grant-

7 Geo. j. c.33. ing to his Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights.

J

Moji Gracious Sovereign,

Act 20 Geo. 2.

c. 3.

A& 31 Geo. 2.

c. 21.

A& 2 Geo. 3

c. 8.

Preamble, 4 IT 7 HERE AS several Rates and Duties were granted upon Houses, and Windows, or Lights, by an

4 VV Act of Parliament made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

4 Second, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, JVindows, and Lights \ anl

4 for granting to his Majesty several other.Rates and Duties upon Houses ^ JVindows, or Lights ; and for raising the

...................... " ’ ’ the said Rates or Duties; and

city, intituled. An Act for

_ _ upon Houses, and upon Ivin-

~dczvs, or Lights ; and for raising the Sum of five millions, by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the fail

Rates and Duties : And whereas several further Rates and Duties were granted upon Windows, or Lights,

by another Act made in Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting

to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon JVindows, or Lights: And whereas the said Rates and Duties.

1 do not bear in many Refpcfts a proper Proportion to each other, and the Payment thereof hath been

4 greatly evaded, we, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in

4 Parliament assembled, do therefore think it will be for the Advantage of the Public, to repeal the present

4 Rates and Duties upon Houses, and Windows, or Lights ; and to grant unto your Majesty the several

4 new Rates and Duties herein after mentioned, to be applied as well to the Uses and Purposes which the,

4 said Rates and Duties formerly granted are now applicable unto, as to make good to the Fund commonly

4 called the Sinking Fund the Payment of any Annuities which shall be granted, in this present Session of

4 Parliament, towards raising the Supply for the Service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-

4 fix, and charged upon such Fund and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

From and after Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

10 October, fame, That from and after the tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-rfix, all the

1766, the Rates Rates and Duties upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, granted by the said three several Acts of

granted by the Parliament, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid, or payable; except only such Monies as shall

recited Acts aie have become due in respect of the said Rates and Duties assessed at any Time on or before the said

(^Arrears tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty*fix, and which shall be in arrear and1

thereof excepted) unpaid.

2nd in lieu II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the said tenth Day*

thereof the fol- Gf October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, there shall be charged, raised, levied, and paid, unto

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and refoeftive Rates and Duties upon Houses, and upon

Windows, or Lights, herein aftermentioned ; that is to say,

For every Dwelling-house inhabited, which now is or hereafter shall be erected within that Part of Great

Britain called England, the yearly Sum of three Shillings.

lowing yearly

Rates are to be

piid;

videlicet,

3 s. per Annum

for* e.ery

Dweilinp-house

inhabited within England }

and i s. per An- por every Dwelling-house inhabited, which now is or hereafter shall be erected within that Part of Great

rXilnd. Britain called Scotland,the yearly Sum of one Shilling.

For all Dwelling- . And for every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house inhabited, or to be inhabited, within and

M throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Seven Windows, or Lights, and no

tain, with 7 * * more, the Sum of two Pence for each Window, or Light, in such House.

W'indoAs on’y, id. each j

with SW

6d. each

indows, . For every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain eight Win*

dows, or Lights, and no more, the yearly Sum of kx Pence for each Window, or Light, in such

House.

1 Fcf

boogie

