The TITLES of the STATUTES.

15. An Act to diflolvc the Marriage of John Scott Esquire,

with Jane ScGtt his now Wife, and to enable him to

marry again ; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Delves Baronet, and his

Heirs Male, to take the Name of Broughton.

17. An Act to enable Thomas liotchkis, to take the Sur-

name and Arms of Littlery pursuant to the Will of

Thomas Littler deceased.

18. An Act to enable Sarah Aylon Spinster, to take and

ufc the Surname and Arms of Tyrrell.

19. An Act for naturalizing John Rodolph Valltravers.

20. An Act for naturalizing Crijlojfel Fan Denbcrgb, an

Infant.

21. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Mandrot.

72. An Act for naturalizing Nicolas Francis Beckman.

23. An Act for naturalizing Theodore Fan Teylingcn, an

Infant.

24. An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Baumgartner, and

Amable Deft.

25. An Act for veiling the Estate of James Lucy Dightony

an infant, in the Parish of Sherborn, in the County of

Oxford, inTruftces, to be sold; and for applying the

Purchase Money for discharging Incumbrances affecting

the fame, pursuant to the directions of the Court of

Chancery.

26. An Act to enable the Dcvifccs for Life, named in th£

Will of Pierce Starkie Esquire, deceased, and 7>uftees,

to cut down and fell Timber upon the Freehold and

Copyhold or Customary Estates, late of the said Pierce

Starkie, in the Counties of York 'and Lancaster, and to

giant Leases of the Quarries, Mines, and Minerals,

within the Freehold Estates late of the said Pierce Starkie,

in the fame Counties; and to invert the Monies arising

therefrom, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments,

to be settled to the Ules of the said Will.

27. An Act for annexing the Rectory of Purleigh, in the

County of F.fjex, to the Office of Provost of the House

of the Blessed Mary the Vi'gin, in Oxford, commonly

called Oriel College, of the Foundation of Edward the

Second, of famous Memory, fomc time King of England.

2$. An Act for vesting in the Dean and Chapter of Dur-

ham\ a certain Pace of Ground, adjoining to the Town

of South Shields, in the County Palatine of Durham

and for makirg an adequate Compenfftion to the Cu-

rate of th: Ch ipel of Saint Mid, in the said County,

and his Succtllors, for the fame; and for enabling the

said Dean and Chapter to remove the Fairs and Markets

out of the Town of South Shields, and to cause the fame

to he held on the said Piece of Ground.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and Commonable Places, within the Pnrish i

of Bihut v, and Manors of Bibury Offnev, and Btbury

Northumberland^ and the Hamlet or Vils of Arlington, 1

all in the said Parish of Bibuty, in the County of Giou- ,

ceder

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pa flu res,

Common Grounds, and C ommonable Lands, within the

Township and Liberties of CoJ^rave, in the County of

N:rffam?t,n (cxeluflvc of Brown ftvood Green, tmd Kin-

ft; in the Parish of Cofgrave, in the said County).

3*. An Act for dividing and inclosing the fever a 1 Open

Fields Meadows, and Pasture Grounds, within the

M.-nor ai d Township of Nun Monkton, in the Welt

U> :n c of the County of York.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Opcrl

and Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, within

the P.irdh of Olney, in the County of Bu.ks.

V oL. X.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands -

and Grounds in the Parish of South Burton, other wise

Bishop Burtony in the East Riding of the County of Yi’k.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Failures, and all other Common-

able Lands, within the Liberties of Ruddinglon, in the

County of Nottingham.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, and Commombkr

Lands, within the Hamlets or Townships of IFixford,

Exhal!, Kings-Broom, and Burnelts-Broom, in the County

of Warwick.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Land t

lying South of the Turnpike Road, leading from Not-

tingbam to Alfretony within the Liberties and Townships

of Lenton and Radfordy in the County of Nottingham.

37. An Act for the more cftcdual draining and preserving

certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Hamlet of

Benwick, in the Parish of Doddingtony Whittlesea, Ram-

say, and Farccty in the Ife of Ely, and Counties of Cam-

bridge and Huntingdon.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other

Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Cubbington, in the

County of Warwick*

39* An Act for inclosing, allotting, and dividing, the

Commons and Waste Grounds, Open Common Field,

and Open Common Meadow Grounds, in the Manor of

the Leigh, in the Parish of Ajloen Keynes, in the County

of Wilts.

40. An Act for draining and preserving certain Low

Grounds in the Parishes of Adlingfieet $nd Whitgifty in

the Weft Riding of the County of York.

41- An Act to enable Richard Bennett Esquire, and his

Issue, to take and bear the Surname gnd Arms of Ccjftt,

pursuant to the Will of Richard Coffin Esquire, deceased.

42. An Act to enable Thomas JLiUis Esquire (lately called

Thomas Swcttenham) and his lftue, to take, use, and

bear, the Surname and Arms of Willis, pursuant to the

Will of Daniel Wilis Esquire, deceased.

4;. An Act for naturalizing Leonard Meyer and Lewis Giles.

44. An Act for confirming a Contract of Lease of Mines

between Charles Duke of tfftucrjbcrry and Dovery of the

one Part, and Patrick Craijutd, Janus Craufurd, and

Gilbert Mcafony of the other Part; and for enabling the

said Duke, and his Heirs of Email, to grant Leases in

Terms of the said Contract.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common,

called The Tarn Moor, in the Township of Skit ton, in

the West Riding of the County of IW ; and for apply-

ing the Produce* theteof towards the Relief of the Poor

of the hud Township.

4b. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, a Parcel

of \\ afte Ground, or Common, called Bijhcp Sc:!, in

the several Parishes of df'iidcn and E\/h ingten, and in

the Parish or Parochial Chapelry ot Bla.xtft, in the

Fall Riding of the County of ) *;> G

47. An Act for dividing and inrluting several Open Fields*

Commons, Moor, or Wr.llc Ground*, within the Manors

of A on h Aujlj’t and Todwick, in the County of York.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Waste

Grounds and Sandhills, called Listen dimes, within

the Manor ot Layton, in the Paulhes ot Pculton and

‘ Bilyhatn, in the County Palatine of Laneaffer.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fi Ids,

Meadows, and Stinted Puftuics, in the Pa: ill* ot Cut It.n

in Lindrick, in the County of Nottingham.

d ‘ 5c. An

