A.D. 1767.

Anno septimo Georgii III.

C. 19,

Ivin!red and fi\ty-fev?n; and shall be paid and payable at the four usual Days of Payment in the Year;

tl» t is to Jay, 'The fiuh Day of Aprils the fifth Day of July% the tenth Day of October, and the fifth Day

of January, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to be made at the fifth Day of April,

in the Year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and sixty-seven; and that the said respective An-

nuities, or yearly Rems or Sums, shall and may, by such Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, be

direcied, during the Continuance of the said Act made in the first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

(irtitultd, 1 An Act for the Support of his Majesty’s Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the

4 t’lown of Great Britain,) to be irtuing and payable out of, or 1 harged and chargeable upon, the Duties

r.nd Revenues composing the said Fund commonly called The General or A~?rerr ate Fund, and every or

any of them (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum and hums of Money as hath or

have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with Pre-

ference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter he charged upon, and payable out of, the said

Lund) and from and immediately after the Expiration of the said Act, to he issuing and payable out of,

or charged and chargeable upon, all or any Part or Parts of such of the said Hereditary Duties, Revenues,

and Branches, as were thereby carried to, and made Part of, the said General or Aggregate Fund, and

shall be then subsisting; and of such Part of the Rates of Postage, granted by the said Act made in the

fi:th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, 4 An Act to alter certain Rates of Postage, and

4 to amend, explain, and enlarge, several Provisions in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of

4 Queen Anne, and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the Post Office’) as shall then belong to,

and be Part of, the Hereditary Revenue of the Crown.

thrn oot of such of the Hereditary Duties, Arc. as were made Part of sche said Fund by the said A&, or out of such of the Rates of Postage,

$ Geo. 3. as fhiU then belong to the Crown.

291

nefs the Duke of

Glouecfler; and

a like Annu l) to

his Royal

nofs the Duke

of Cumberland ;

to commence

from J.in.

176', anr. to be

pain Quarterly,

vir. cn 5 April,

5 July, 10 Oc-

to er, ana 5

J nu-^ry.

f iift Payment

to be made on

5 Aprd, 1767j

and to be pay*

able out of the

Aggregate Fund,

during the Con-

tinuance of Act

I Geo. 3. and

after the Expi-

ration thereof,

granted by Alt

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Annuities or yearly The said Annui-

Rents or Sums respectively, shall, during the Continuance of the said Act made in the first Year of his during the

Majesty’s Reign, be paid and payable at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer; and from and imme- QCfe

c!iatcly after the Expiration of the said Act, either at the said Receipt, or by and from the-immediate *ar*lo be* paid at*

Hands of all and every the Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, or Receivers/for the time being, of the the Exchequer;

Hereditary Duties, Revenues, and Branches aforesaid, respectively, upon which the said respective An- and afterwards

miities or yearly Rems or Sums, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be charged by virtue of this Act; and either there, or

that all the said Annuities, or yearly Rents or Sums, shall be paid and payable without any Fees or ouh/^vV ucs*

Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; and the Acquittance or °&^ln which”*

Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts, of their said Royal Highnefies respectively, or of such other Person or tare charg-

Perions as shall be by them respectively authorized and appointed to receive any such annual or yearly cd; and to be

Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof, Pa, J *Ilhout

without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said charV*- andfo

reipefttve Annuities, or yearly Rents or Sums, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear as well from beai^Tu-froe.

the Rates and Assessments granted by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, (intituled, 4 An

4 Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Fax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of

c the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven’) as from all Taxes, Impositions, and other publick

Charges whatsoever.

III. Provided always. That if the said respective Annuities, or yearly Rents or Sums, or any or either If the Ammtxet

cf them, or any Part thereof, shall cease to be chargeable upon and payable out of the said General or 1)1,11 ccafc 10 bc

Aggregate Fund, or any Part thereof, and shall become chargeable upon and payable out of all or any of

the said Hereditary Duties, Revenues, and Branches, between any two of the said quarterly Days of

I’jyment; then, and in such Cafe, such Annuities respectively shall, at the next Quarter Day, be payable comcV»):*Me

?t the Receipt of the Exchequer out of the said General or Aggregate Fund, and out of the said Here- out ui the Here-

ditary Duties, Revenues, and Branches, in proportion to the Times during which the fame were in the/ary Kc venues,

Coure of such Quarter so chargeable and payable; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary

notwithstanding. D^Vn^y-

meot; they are then to be apportioned out of both.

TV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Officers of the Receipt of his orficer?rffufine,

Majesty’s Exchequer, or the said Commissioners, Farmers, Treassurers, or Receivers, for the time being,

of all or any of the Hereditary Duties, Revenues, or Branches aforesaid, upon which the said respective /hcn

Annuities, or yearly Rents or Sums, or any Part or Parcs thereof, shall be charged as aforesaid, shall aucandeemand-

refuse or neglect to pay the said respective Annuities, or yearly Rents or Sums, or any Part thereof, accord- ed,

ing to the true Intent of this Act, and of such Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, to be granted by

his Mawfty as aforesaid; or to do any Act necessary to enable any or either of their said Roy^l Highnefies, to do any a<$

or any Person or Persons by them respectively authorized and appointed to receive the f.»mc; then each

nd every* of their said Royal Highnelfes respectively, to whom such Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, *'mcn

shall have been granted, or such other Person or Persons who shall be lo authorized or appointed to receive

the fame, or any Part thereof, so neglecded or refused to be paid, may, from time to time, fuc, pmfecutc, ar-liable to

or implead, such Officers, Commissioners, Farmers, Treasurers, or Receivers, or any of them, or all ci be Jucd.

any of their Securities, Heirs, Executors, and AcJministrators, by Bill, Plaint, or Action of D bt; and

(Lai! and m..y recover Judgements, and sue out Executions thereupon, agdnft such Officers, Comn.if-

sioners. Farmers, Treasurers, or Receivers respectively, and their respective Securities, Heirs, Executor*,

and Administruiors, for such Sum and Sums of Money then due and owing upon any such icipcftive

P p a Annuity,

