A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. C. 34. 235

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Forfeitures or Penal- Applicative 0/

ties shall be incurred, for Offences committed* against the said former Acts or this AS, it shall be £*"£*"*

lawful for the Mayor and any one Tuftice of the Peace of the said City, or any three Justices without

the Mayor, upon Complaint or Information exhibited before them respectively, to summon the Party or

Parties accjufed; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or

by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oaths the said Mayor and Justices re-

spectively have hereby Power to administer) to give Judgement or Sentence thereupon, and to award

and issue out Warrants under their Hands and Seals respectively, for the levying of such Forfeitures and

Penalties as are by this Act imposed upon the Goods and Chatties of such Person or Persons, and^ to

cause Sale to be made of such Goods and Chatties if they shall not be redeemed within five Days, render-

ing to such Person or Persons the Overplus (if any be) 5 and the Monies from time to time arifiny by such

Penalties and Forfeitures, shall be paid and applied in Aid or Diminution of ttye Rates or Ailcflments

made by virtue of this or any of the before-recited Acts, for the pitching, paving, cleansing, enlightening,

or watching, of the Streets of such Parish, Ward, or Precinct, wherein the Offence shall be committed,

in such Manner as the Mayor and any one Alderman of the said City, or any three Aldermen without the

Mayor, shall, from time to time, direct and appoint.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That no Order which shall be made by the said Mayor, or any other Order* not t#

Justice or Justices of the Peace, determined by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, or any other Proceedings to be had quaJ?*d foc

touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or want0*Form*

vacated for want of Form only; or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process nor removeable

whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Records at Westminster. ^ Certl0Mn*

L. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person* *g-

Person or Persons shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by any Judgement, Order, or Proceedings. m*r

of any Mayor and Justice or Justices of the Peace, which shall be made or had under this Act; it shall *pp*1 *2^!^

and may be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General ^ cr , om*:

Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said City and County of the fame, who are hereby im-

powered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and to hear and finally determine every such

Appeal and Appeals; and shall award to the Party or Parties, for whom Judgement shall be given on

every or any such Appeal, such Costs as to the Court shall appear reasonable.

Li. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Pentltie* may

the said Mayor and Justice or Justices, from time to time, to mitigate, compound, or lessen, any of the t* mitigated.

Forfeitures incurred under this Act, (o as such Mitigation do not extend to remit above one Moiety or

Half'part of the said Forfeitures respectively.

LII. And f>e k further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-

menced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of the said recited Act*oat«

Acts, or this present Act; then, and in every such Cafe, the Action or Suit shall be brought within fix

Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and shall belaid in the City of Bristol* and not else-

where: And the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit so to be brought, shall and may plead

the General Issue, and give the said recited Acts, or this present Act, as the Cafe shall require, and the Garni Mae.

Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon 5 and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall

become nonsuited, or discontinue hrs, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or if upon Demurrer,

Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may

recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants shall or may Treble Cost«;

have in any Cafes by Law.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts publick AJfc

whatsoever, as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons* are hereby required to take

Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

First SCHEDULE*

To which'this Act refers.

To open the Paflage through Lowforis Gate. Seven Houses on the South Side thereof, now or fate

in the Possession of Simon Wejfon, Samuel Potter* Robert Read* John Davis* and Samuel Fuller, respectively ;

and on the North Side of the said Passage, three Houses in the Possession of George Davis* John Aiding*

and William Gayner* respectively.

In Key Lane, and Part of Christmas Street A House in the Occupation of Francis Prime* Wine Mer-

chant; and a small Tenement adjoining, in the Possession of Charles Bowen* Labourer.

Castle Srreet. A House in the Occupation of Edward Stone* Tinman.

Baldwin Street. Eleven old Houses, and a Brewhouse, on the South Side thereof, extending to Back

Street* nowin Possession ofjames Pariy* Samuel Hughes* Man Williams* Rebecca George* Stephen Cumley*

?ohn Carter, Martha Morris* William Robertson* William Walters* Sarah Hern* Just in Sellard* and Mr.

itzgerald* respectively; and likewise a Tenement on the South Side of Back Street* next to Baldwin

Street* in the Occupation of John Cooper.

Silver Street. Two old Houses next to Lewins Mead* in the Tenure or Possession of Joseph Bagg*

Butcher, and Ann Arnold* Widow; and likewise two small Tenements in Lewin's Mead aforesaid, in the

several Occupations of Robo t Tucker9 Labourer, and Mary Price* Widow.

H h 1 SmaM

