A. 0*1767. Anno feptimo Georgii 1IL C» 7, 8, 9. 281

CAP. VII.

An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Public, in advising

or carrying into Execution the Order of Council of the twenty-sixth Day of September

last, for laying an Embargo on all Ships laden with Wheat or Wheat Flour i and for pre-

venting Suits in consequence of the said Embargo.

• W

HERE AS his Majesty, by an Order in Council bearing Date the twenty-sixth Dav of September preimble.

last, Was pleased to order, JThat an Embargo should be laidjupon all Ships and Veflcfe laden, or to

* be laden, in the Ports of Great. Britain% with Wheat or Wheat Flour to be exported to Foreign*Parts,

% from the Date thereof, until the fourteenth Day of November following : Which Order could not be juf-

€ tified by Law* but was lb much for the Service of the Publick, and so necessary for the Safety and Prc-

€ servation of his Majesty’s Subjects, that it ought to be justified by A ft of Parliament ; and all Persons ad-

c vifing, or acting under, or in Obedience to the fame, indemnified Be it hereby enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Petfonal

Actions and Suits* Indictments, Informations, and all rrofecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which

have been, or {hall be, prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any

Act, Matter, or Thing, advised, commanded, appointed, or done, in relation to the Premises ; or of any

Contraft or Agreement not performed by Means of, or in Obedience to, such Order of Council; be, are,

and shall be, dlicharged and made void, by virtue of this Act: And that if any Action or Suit {hall be

prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any such Act, Matter, or Thing, so advised,

commanded, appointed, or done, or such Contraft or Agreement not performed; he, {he, or they, may

plead the General I flue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs iiv any Action or Suit, so to be prosecuted or commenced after the lift- Day of Michaelmas Terra,

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, {hall become nonfiiit, or forbear farther Prosecution, or suffer

Discontinuance ; or if a Verdict pass against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants {hall

recover his, her, or their, Double Colls, for which he, {he, or th^y, {hall have the like Remedy, as in

Cafes where Costs by Law are given to Defendants ; and if any such Action or Suit, as aforesaid, {hall

be commenced or prosecuted after the twenty-eighth Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and

£xty-(Lx, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court, before whom such Action or Suit shall be

commenced or prosecuted, {hall allow to the Defender the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity hereby*

provided, and {hall further allow to him his Double Costs of Suit in all such Cafes as aforesaid*

All Personi!

Aftiom or Pro-

fecutions in Eng-

land or Scotland,

by reason of any

Act done in

pursuance of the

recited Order of

Council, or Con-

tract not per-

formed, are

charged ; and

the Defendant

may plead the

General I flue*

Double Cofti,

cap. vnr.

An Act for allowing die Importation of Oats and Oatmeal. Rye and R&emud. into this Kingdom, for a See cap. 54,

limited Time, free of Duty. £ X E.

CAP. IX.

An Act for obviating Doubts which have arisen with respect to so much of an Act made in 5

the first Year of the Reign off his present Majesty, intituled (Act to amend an Act -

in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the , concerning the Qualification of

Justices of the Peace., and for other Purposes therein mentioned) as directs the taking of cer-

tain Paths by Justices of the Peace, on the Wiling of any new Commission of the Peace.

* TIC 7 HEREAS Doubts have arisen, with respect to the Conftruflion of so much of an Act made

* yV first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, to amend an Act pejpd Art, Gro.j.

* eighteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, concerning, the Qualification of Justices of the , c. 13.

* andfear.other Purposes therein mentioned) as relates to the taking of certain Paths by Justices of the Peace,

* on the Lfluing of new Commissions of the Peacebe it therefore enacted and declared by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons who have . n;cfJ nrt

been, or shall be, appointed Justices of the Peace, by any Commission or Commissions granted or to be obii: ci:ouke

granted by his present Majesty, and have takenaud subscribed, or shall take and subscribe, the Oaths men- and subscribe the.

tioned in the said Act made in the first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign ; and all Persons, who shall be OMbsmer.run?*

appointed Justices of the Peace, by any Commission or Commissions, which shall be granted after his Ma- ltl the lsiJ

jesty’s Demise, by any of his SuccdTois, Kings or Queens of this Realm, and shall have, after the lfluing™-*

of the first Commissiop, whereby such Persons shall be appointed Justices of the Peace, in the Reign of Re vs or

any such King or Queen, taken and subscribed the said Oaths, shall not be obliged, during the Reign oftheiu^nof

his p/efent Majesty, or during any future Rei$n in which such Oaths shall have been so taken and sub- ai*y of *»*-

scribed as aforesaid, to take and subscribe the fame Oaths, for or by reason of such Persons being again cca°rs'

Vol. X. Oa appointed

