9

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 8.

soon as conveniently may be, by public Notice to be given in the several Parish Churches aforesaid, by the

Parish Clerks thereof, immediately after Divine Service on the Sundry Morning next before such Meeting

is to be held ; such Sunday to be at lead four Days before the holding such Meeting ; and to examine into

the Merits of such Complaint; and if it shall then appear to such Commissioncis, or the major Part of

them, not being less in Number than seventy, that such Clerk or Clerks, Beadle or Beadles, or their respec-

tive Deputies, have or hath heen guilty of any gross Mifbchaviour, or Breach or Neglect of Duty in his

or their Office, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part

of them, not being less in Number than seventy, as aforesaid, to suspend or remove such Clerk or Clerks,

Beadle or Beadles, from his or their respective Office or Offices; and another Person or Persons (lull be

thereupon elected or appointed in his or their Room, in such Manner as is by this Act directed and ap-

pointed for such Election or Appointment.

XXVI. Provided always. That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt

for any Rent upon any Lease of Lands or Tenements, or any other real Contract; nor to any Debt that

shall aiife by reason of any Cause concerning Testament or Matrimony, or any thing concerning, or pro- no cx C;1

oerly belonging to, the Ecclesiastical Court, although the fame shall be under forty Shillings ; any tiring

herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall always be one Beadle the

of the said Court of Requests, and no more, who, from time to time, shall have Power and Authority, by Bla<1

virtue of this Act, by himself or his Deputy or Deputies, to be appointed in Manner aforesaid (and for

which said Beadle, and his Deputy and Deputies, Actions and Behaviours, in and about the Butinefs of

the said Court of Requests, by this Act intended to be established, the Clerks of the said Court for the

time being shall at all Times be answerable) to execute all and every such Summonses, Warrants, Pre-

cepts, and Process, issuing out of the said Court, or from the said Commissioners for the time being; and

the said Beadle shall, from time to time, and as often as the said Office shall be vacant, be nominated and

appointed by the Clerks of the said Court for the Time being: But such Beadle, and Deputy and Depu-

ties, shall be appointed to hold such Place or Places during their good Behaviours only.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, Ko Attorney f

being served with the Process of the said Court of Requests, or appearing in the fame Court, shall be

allowed to plead or maintain any Privilege against the Process, Authority, Jurisdiction, or Judgement tbiiCourt. ”

thereof; nor shall any such Attorney or Solicitor aforesaid, be admitted to appear in the said Court of

Requests as Attorney or Advocate, on behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or be admitted to speak in

any Cause or Mattor before the said Court, in which such Attorney or Solicitor is not himself a Party or

Witness under the Penalty of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as above-mentioned with respect

to the Clerks and other Officers of the said Court, in case of Mifbchaviour, or taking greater or other

Fees than they arc intitled unto by virtue of this Act, as aforesaid ; nor shall any such Attorney or Solicitor

aft as a Commissioner in the said Court of Requests; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof

notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person, inhabiting or Penalty on witd

residing within the said Hundreds, or either of them, who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Sum- neffo reform*

mons, to be blued by the Clerks of the said Court for the time being, or either of them, and which they,to attcnJ*

and each of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to issue and make out, to appear in the said

Court of Requests, at a Time and Place in such Subpana or Summons mentioned, to give Evidence on be-

half of any Plaintiff or Defendant, Creditor or Debtor, shall neglect or refuse to appear, pursuant to such

Subpoena or Summons, and due Proof being made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no

Cause of Absence being Ihewn, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners nrclent at the Court at which

such Person shall be by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear, it (nail and may be lawful to and

for the said Commissioners, or any three pr more of them, assembled in such Court, to impose a Kmc, not

exceeding forty shillings, nor less than five Shillings ; to be levied, if not immediately paid on Demand,

by Dill refs and Sale of the Offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Com-

missioners, or ar.v three or more of them, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to such Offender, the

Charges of such Dillrefs and Sale being thereout first deducled ; which Fine, when paid or levied, shall

be paid over to the Party or Parties at whole Instance or on whose Behalf such Sulptrua or Summons

issued.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 7'hat if any Action or Suit (hull be Limit ittc* of

brought or commenced ag inst any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pur- Act «;i*.

fuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commence within six Calendar Months next

after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County of AW, and not cl'Avhcrc ;

ami the Defendant or Defendants, in furh Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General liT»c, and Coneral Iflle.

give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon: And if th': PLuntdF

or Plaintiffs (hull become nonsuited, or discontinuc such Action or Suit, or if, upon Verdict or Demurrer,

Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may

recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have TicVt C>1>.

in any other Cafes by Law.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall not extend, rco veion <1!

or be Co- ft: ud, adjudged, deemed, or taken to be or extend to alter, change, take away, or annul, any ti»r ki; . cof

ttf the Rights, Privileges, Franchiics, and Jurisdictions, of the Lord Bishop of Rnchefhr ; but that tnc 111 Rl ,4tP

fame Hull be, remain, and continue, in as full and ample Power, Jurisdiction, and Authority, as if this

Act had never been made, and llud not be, or be deemed to be altered, k-flened, or afFcfted thereby.

Vol. X. C XXXII. And

