rcl. Penalty on

Trustees acting,

not be ng duly

qualified.

548 C. 21. Anno nono Georgii III. A. D. 1769.

Adjournments. such Time and Place as they shall thrnk fit for the further Execution thereof; and in case there shall not

appear at any such Meeting Five or more Trustees to concur in such Adjournment, it fha.ll and may be

lawful forthc Clerk or Clerks then present to adiourn such Meeting to some futu c Day, and to give No-

tice thereof in Writing upon the Door of the rarish Church of Gainjburgh aforesaid ; and that all such

Adjournments and adjourne d Meetings shall be deemed legal Adjournments and Meetings.

New Election of HI* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in case of the Death of any of the

Trustees. Twelve Trustees hereby particularly nominated and appointed, or of the Removal of any of them out of

the Town of Gairjburgh aforesaid, by the Space of One whole Year, or if any of them wall refuse to act

in the Execution of this A61, or neg!e6l to act by the Space of One whole Year (having been summoned

by the Clerk to attend within that Time) it shall and may be lawful to and for the major Part of the

surviving Trustees, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be entered in their said Book or

Books of Proceedings, to elect, nominate, and appoint. One or more fit and able Pferfon or Persons (be-

ing an Inhabitant or Inhabitants in the said Town of Gainjburgh, and rated to the Land Tax there for

Five Pounds a Year of his or their own Estate, or in the Right of his or their Wife or Wives, or rated

to the Po^r Tax there for Five Pounds a Year as aforesaid) to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Place or

Places of such of the said Trustees as shall die or remove, or refuse or neglect to act as aforesaid, and so

from l ime to Time when and as often as any other or others of the Trustees hereby nominated, or to

be clc&ed and appointed as aforesaid, shall die, remove, or refuse or negle<3: 16 act as aforesaid ; and that

all and every Person and Persons, so to be ele6ted and appointed a Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid, shall

have the fame Powers and Authorities, and shall and may act, and they are hereby inipowered to act in

the Execution of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Trustees

hereby particulaily nominated and appointed.

IV. And be it further enadjd by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person or Persons whatsoever, not

having the Qualification herein before required for an elected Trustee, shall act as a Trustee in the Ex-

ecution of this Act, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered, levied, paid, and applied, as

herein after is mentioned ; and that no new elected Trustee, nor any Trustee claiming to act without

tance ofFledlion, and by virtue of his Estate only, shall have any Rnjht to ad or vote in the Execution of this

the Truit, before Ad, until he has signed a Memorandum in the said Book of Proceedings at some of the Quarterly Meet-

ing. ings herein after mentioned, signifying that he accepts to ad in the said Trust.

Qualification of V. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall act as a

Trustees. Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act without Election, and by virtue of his or their Estate

or Estates only, without being rated to the Land 'Fax for the said Town of Gainjburgh for Twenty Pounds

a Year, as herein before required, every such Person, so arming as a Trustee without such Qualification

as aforesaid, shall forfeit the like Penalty of Fifty Pounds ; to be recovered, levied, paid, and applied, as

herein after is mentioned.

Quarterly Meet- VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more

ings appointed. cf them, shall meet together at the common Vestry Room in Gainjburgh aforesaid, or at such other con-

venient Place as any Five or more of the said Trustees, being the major Part of the Trustees present at

any Meeting, shall appoint, on the First Thursday which shall happen in the several Months of Augujfy

Novrmbery February9 and Aprils in every Year, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in

the Forenoon, all which Meetings may be adjourned in Manner before directed ; and that the said

®c|carionalMeet* Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may meet at any other Time and Place as often as it

* ’ shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution ; Notice in Writing of the Time and Place-of every

such other Meeting being affixed by their said Clerk, or some other Person by his Order, upon the Door*

TruAe* to bear of the Parish Church and Town Hall of Gainjburgh aforesaid. One whole Day at the least before every"

tbcif •wnHa- such Mating; and that at all such Quarterly Meetings, adjourned Meetings, and other Meetings to be

held for the Execution of this Act, the said Trustees shall bear thdirown Charges and Expences.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the major Part of the Trustees pre^

lent at and^continuing to the End or any Meeting to be had for the Execution of this A61 (such Majo-

rity not being less than Five in Number at the least) shall and may make, and they are hereby authorisecT

ana required to make, all such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as to them shall seem necessary and pro-

per for putting this Act in Execution ; all which Orders, Rules, and Regulations, shall be entered in

their Book of Proceedings, and signed by their Clerk, and shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to-

be valid and effectual, and binding and conclusive, upon all Persons concerned or named therein ; and a

true Copy thereof, attested by the Clerk, and delivered to any Person or Persons concerned or named

therein, (pall be deemed and taken to be good Notice and Service of such Orders, Rules, or Regulations

respectively ; and no Orders, Rules, or Regulations, of the said Trustees shall be valid or binding, ex-

cept the fame shall be made at some publick Meeting, to be held pursuant to the Directions aforesaid, by

a Majority of the Trustees (not less than Five in Number) present at and con inuingto the End of such

Meeting; except only all such Warrants, Writings, Orders, and Appointments, under the Hands or

Hands and Seals of the said Trustees, any Seven, hive, Three, Two, or more of them, as are herein be-

fore or herein after authorised and directed to be made; all which Writings, Warrants, Orders, and Ap-

pointments, under the Hands or Hands and Seals of the said Trustees, shall be valid and legal, though not

made at any such Meeting as aforesaid.

VIII,

pencet.

Requifitct tft

sr^ke a valid

Oxdtr.

