648 C. 9, 10, ir. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770^

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half-pay, or the

said Allowance, without takipg any ether Oath; any Law, Usage, or Cuflcm, to the contrary thereof

Recei Wt-rne- flOtwithfandine.

hi, upon recci?- XIX. And be it further enaTed by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver General of the Land

in|* Warrant Tax, so soon as he shall receive au Warrant under the Hand of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of

from the Gom- their respeTive Regiments or Battalions, certifying the Receipt of the Cloathing, and an Order from the said

imdins offidrr, Colonel or Commanding Officer for the Money due on account of the fame, payable to the Person or

ctipt^o?the c’Perions who furnished the said Cloathing, shall pay the Sum mentioned in such Order to the Person in-

cioa thing, *nd ao titled to receive the same; and such Warrant and Order, together with the Receipt of the Person recciv-

p:der for ^ay- ing the said Money, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver General.

roeat,i«topay the famr acconiingly.

If any Reg ment, XX. And be it further enaTed by the Authority afore said, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, of

cease,3s. Independant Company, shall cease and determine, during the Continuance of this AT, the Sum of

*idt!Tth^Ad'u! Three Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Re-

taot from* such* fid men t, Battalion, or Independartt Company, from the Time such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant

T:me to *5 Company shall cease, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-onc.

AUrch, 1771.

CAP. X.

An Act to permit the Exportation of Ma!t.

Fietable. € TT 7H EREAS an AT was made in this present Session of Parliament for continuing an AT made

4 YV in the lift Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exjportation of Com,

4 Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, B ead, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction 0/ Low Wines and

4 Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, whereby the said Act was continued until the Twentieth Day

4 after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament; with a Proviso, That the said Continua-

So much ef the4 tion might be abridged, shortened, altered, or varied, by any other Act or Aits to be maJe in thi$

A&8of9Gco.j.< present Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient, at this Time, to permit the Exportation of

to Geo?3r*c 1. be it therefore enabled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

as prohibits the Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliam??nt assembleJ, and

Exportation of by the Authority of the same, That’from and after the passing of this AT, so much of tha said Aits, or

Wait, lexica, either of them, as prohibits the Exportation of Malt, shall be, and the fame is hereby, repealed.

CAP. XI.

An Act for raising a certain Sinn of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills* for the Service of

the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy.

, Mg ft Grecians Sovereign,

preamble. 4 \\T ^ Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal SubjeTs, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

4 Y'Y assembled, towards railing the necofiary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to Your Ma*

4 jelly in this Session of Parliament, have reiolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein

4 after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that it may be enabled ;* and be

it enaTtd by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

Treasuryimpow- fame, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury now or

Su^m1 coed for Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the ITigh Treasurer for the Time being, at any

Time or Times before the Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, to cause

Loans or Ext he- or direT any Loans to be taken or received at His Majesty’s Exchequer, from any Person or Persons,

quer Bill?; in the Natives or Foreigners, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Number of Exchequer Bills to be

same Manner as made out there, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in Loans and Exchequer Bills together,

thUefiiuni^prc- K1 Whole, the Sum of One Million eight hundred thousand Pounds; in the fame or like Manner,

feribed* wirh re- Form, and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and DircTions, as in and by an AT of this

sped to Loan^ or present Session of Parliament, intituled, i An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain

Exchequer Bills Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred

id To be uken^or anc* seventy/ are enaTed and prescribed, concerning the Loans or Exchequer Bills to be taken or made

rnTi°e.C U or in pursuance. of the said AT.

The chutes in IT. And be it further enaTed by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes,

tiich d-\drent-Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilitics, contained in the said last men-

ina to Loans or tioned AT, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the fame AT (except fudl

h Clauses as do charge the fame on the 'l ares granted by the fame AT, and except such Clauses as limit the

Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance ot Money lent on the Credit of the said AT, and allb

fvrnded to this except as is herein after mentioned) shall be applied and extended to the Loans and Exchequer Bills to

■Act, be made in pursuance of this AT, as* fully and efteTually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame

Loans or Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned AT, or as if the said

several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enaTed in the Body of this AT.

Exchequer Bills III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Exchequer Bill

1© nTucd, not to or Bii]s to be made out by virtue of this AT, shall, after the fame hath or have been issued at the

2 Exchequer,

