152

such Persons

whose Admit-

(ions may not

have been pro-

vided or duly

C. 8, 9, io, ir, 12. Anno {exto Gijorgii III. A.D. 1766.

the Entries of whose Ad millions as aforesaid, may not have been provided, or not duly stamped, or where

the fame have been lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons, on or before the

twenty-eighth Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, to provide or cause to be pro*

vided, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped, and such Persons so providing

or which Admi(lions, or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped, are and shall be hereby confirmed ana

have been loft qualified to act as Member or Members, Officer or Officers, of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough

aflow^d'to its* Towns respectively, to all Intents andPurposes, and shall and may hold, and enjoy, and execute the/ame,

No°vT1766f* to or any other Office or Offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, notwithstanding his ot their

provide, &c. the Omission, or the Omission of any of their Predecessors in such Cities, Corporations, or Borough Towns,

lame; as aforesaid, and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from-all Incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures,

®nd they are Penalties, and Damages, by reason of any such Omission, and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned

nmedby&cdCm* or avo,ded W reason of the fame.

where an /hall V. Provided always. That when and as often as any Member or Members, Officer or Officers, of any

defireto^ave3 City, Corporation, or Borough Town, shall desire to have his or their Admissions, or the Entries of their

their Admiifions Admissions as aforesaid, renewed or confirmed in Manner aforesaid, the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate

of such City, Corporation, or Borough Town, shall, and he is hereby required in every such Cafe, upon

Notice given to him by any one or more Member or Members, Officer or Officers, of any such City,

Corporation, or Borough Town respectively, to summon a Hall, Common Council, or other proper

publick Meeting, within ten Days after such Notice given to him, for the Purpose of admitting or granting

Copies, or renewing and confirming the Admissions, or the Entries of the Admissions, of such Persons as

aforesaid.

rrlo. It Sift, o. Geo. t. c. is.

CAP. VIII.

renewed,

a Hall is to be

summoned for

granting Copies,

and confirming

such Admissions.

Further Time to 15 December, 1769, Ij Stef, 9. Geo. 3. c, la.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. IX.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six. EXP.

CAP. X.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore. EXP,

CAP. XI.

See 7 ceo. 3. c. An Act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting

fng^thi* aK.^" an^ aPPb*nS ceriain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in

America, towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protefting, and securing the

fame \ and for amending such Parts of the everal Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and

Revenues of the said Colonies and Plantations, as dir eft the Manner of determining and reco-

vering the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned.

Preamble*. 4 f WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An A<57 for granting and

applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

4 towards further defraying the Expenses cf defending, pretexting, and securing the fame; and for amending such

4 Parts of the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and Plantations,

4 as dir eh the Manner cf determining and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned: And

4 whereas the Continuance of the said Act would be attended with many Inconveniences, and mny be

4 productive of Consequences greatly detrimental to the Commercial Interests of these Kingdoms May it

therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most

. excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

tc ealed^om m°ns in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first

after / May, Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, the above-mentioned Act, and the several Matters

1766, and Things therein contained, shall be, and is and are hereby repealed and made void to all Intents and

Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XU.

An Act for the better securing the Dependency of his Majesty’s Dominions in America upon

the Crown and Parliament of Great Britain.

Preamble,

4 XJL 7 HEREAS several of the Houses of Representatives in his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations

in America, have of late, against Law, claimed to themselves, or to the Oeneral Assemblies of

the fame, the foie and exclusive Right of imposing Duties and Taxes upon his Majesty’s Subjects in ihc

4 said

