^4

CUttfe tn Act

*€2 Geo, x.c.aS.

C. 43*

Artftd quinto Georgii III.

A. D. 1765.

c III. And whereas determined by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the First (intituled. An Act for the Improvement of his Majesty s Revenues of Customs% fcxafey and Inland

Duties) the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs are impowered to cause such Wines as any Mer-

4 chant, or other Person, shall refuse to pay or secure the Duties for, as being damaged, corrupt, or un^

4 merchantable, to be publickly fold, in order to be distilled into Brandy, or to be made into Vinegar,

4 taking sufficient Security to his Majesty’s Use, that such Wines be not made use of for any other rur-

4 pose whatsoever : And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that the Security by that Act directed

4 hath not been sufficient to answer the Intent thereof* unless some proper Ingredient, such as Salt or

4 Vinegar, has been put into such Wine before it has been delivered out of his Majesty’s Warehouse; and

4 a Doubt having lately arisen, whether the Officers of his Majesty’s Customs are legally authorized to

Afafficient 4 put any Salt or Vinegar into such Wine without the Consent of the Proprietor or rurchafer thereof :*

-Quantity of Salt 0bviate which Doubt for the future, and ttiore effectually to prevent such Wines from being frau-

in this Kingdom; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That frotn and after

niageri refused the first Day of Juney one thousand feveh hundred and sixty-five, before the Delivery of any refused

Wines,foid/in Wines, which shall be fold in pursuance of the Directiort of the said recited Act, it shall and maybe

,pursuance of the lawful for the Commissioners, or other Principal Officers of his Majesty’s Customs, to cause so much Salt

^orc DcHve* ^ or Vinegar to be Put therein, as they shall judge sufficient and proper to prevent the said Wines from being

thereof out^f roade ule of for any other Purpose whatsoever, than being distilled into Brandy* or made into Vinegar,

•the King’s besides taking the Security in the Manner directed by the said recited Act.

Warehouses.

•ciause in 1 IV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

jsGco. 1. c. aS. 4 King George the First, intituled, An Act fdr the Improvement of his Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excisey

4 and Inland Duties, it is enacted, That all Tobacco Stalks, or Stems fbript from the Leaf, shall be pro-

4 hibited to be imported ; and, on Seizure and Condemnation thereof, the Commissionfers of hrs Majesty’s

4 Customs shall and may cause the fame to be publickly burnt, and shall and may allow the Officer, for

4 his Encouragement in making the Seizure, one Penny for every Pound Weight of such Stalks or Stems,

4 so seized ana condemned, clear of all Charges of Condemnation: And forasmuch as no Forfeitures are

4 inflicted by the said recited Act of the Vends br Boats, or the Horses and other Cattle or Carriages

4 made use of in the landing or removing of the aforesaid Goods, nor any Penalties upon the Persons wno

4 are concerned dr assisting in the unihipping thereof, or to Whose Hands they shall come after the unQiip-

4 ping thereof, by reason whereof the aforesaid Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late

4 Majesty King George the First, has hitherto proved insufficient for preventing the Importation of the said

Tobacco Stalks * Goods, to the great Detriment of the Revenue iand salt Traders :’ For Remedy whereof, be it enacted

or Stems stript by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Tobacco Stalks or Stems stript from the Leaf, shall at any Time

from the Leaf, after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and (ixtv-five, be imported into any Part of Great

are not only lia- Britain, then not only the said Goods shall be forfeited and lost, and on Seizure and Condemnation

enVmStation* thereof be publickly burnt, and the Officer allowed ohe Penny per Pound Weight for his Encouragement

&c.S^Ppuifua°”ce *n nuking the Seizure, agreeable to the Form and Effect of the before recited Act of Parliament passed

of the recited in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First; but also all and every

A£>, but the Person and Persons who shall be assisting or otherwise concerned in the uhshipping the said Goods, or to

1‘erfons a flirting whose Hands the fame shall knowingly come after the unshipping thereof, shall forfeit Treble the Value

fnunrtnpping thereof, together with the Vessels and Boats made use of in the Landing, Removing, Carriage, or Coit-

•whofcTlandsThc veyance of the said Goods, and also the Bags, Calks, or other Vessels or Things in which the said Goods

fame rtiaii after-are packed or contained, and the Horses, Cattle, Carts, and other Carriages, made use of in the Load-

vrards knowing- ing. Carrying, Landing, or Removing, the said GrOods ; one Moiety of all which Forfeitures and Penalties

:K cr>mr t.^feit shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or*

Ynd the Verted’ Officers of his Majesty’s Customs, as shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, to be recovered by Bill,

Boats,Carriages, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at JVcJhninster, or in the Court of Ex-

jmd Cattle rm-’ chequer at Edinburgh respectively, wherein no Eflbin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed.

ployed therein,

•rc forfeited also

Capias to ifTiie

upon Informa-

tion aga.nrt the

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That a Capias in the first Process shall and may

issue upon any Bill, Plaint, or Information, commenced, filed, or prosecuted, against any Person or Per-

fons, for, upon, or by reason of any the Offences before-mentioned, which Capias shall specify the Sum

Party, ™d Bail of the Penalty sued for ; and such Offender or Offenders shall be obliged to give sufficient Bail or Security

-to be given there-by natural born Subjects, or Denizens, to the Person or Persons to whom such Capias shall be directed,

rear a nee *° aPPcar ’n she Court out of which such Capias shall issue, at the Day of the Return of such Writ, to

and atrhe Re- answer such Suit or Prosecution ; and shall likewise, at the Time of such appearing, give sufficient Bail or

turn of the Writ, Security by such Persons as aforesaid, in the said Court, to answer and pay all the Forfeitures and Penalties

Security to be incurred for such Offence and Offences, in case he, (he, or they, shall be convicted thereof, or to yield

given to p*y the his, her, or their Body or Bodies to Prison.

Penalties in c-Ue

VciTol^CaTde VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Vessels and

and Carriages/ Boats, and all Horses and other Cattle, and Carriages whatsoever, which from and after the said first Day

fofeited by this of June, one thou find seven hundred and sixty-five, shall be seized as forfeited by virtue of this Act; or

ad, or by 24 for removing any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuffs, contrary to an Act passed in the twenty-fourth

Fraud*rdaHn Vear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for the 'more effectual

to theYtluduiLtfL'curin& Duties upon Tobacco) shall and may be prosecuted, adjudged, tried, and determined, by and

before

t^.

