The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Marten Bridge, and also the Brook funning from Bedale,

into the River Swale, in the County of h'rck.

97. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River

Hull and Frodingbam Beck, from /I '-' B\k Alouth, to

the Clough on the Kail Corner of Fijhlolme ; and for

extending the said Navigation from rite laid Clough,

into or near the Town of Great Drijfcla, in the Lad

Riding of the County of York.

93. An Avft for the more pffeftual Draining the Lands

lying in the Level of Ancholme, in the County of Lin-

coln, and miking the River Ancholme navigable from

the River Humber, at or near a Place called Ferraby

Sluice, in the County of Lincoln, to the Town of Glom-

ferd Briggs; and for continuing the said Navigation up

or near to the said River, from thence to Bishop Briggs,

in the said County of Lincoln.

99. An Act for eftnblishing and well-governing a General

Hospital to be called Adilcnbrooke's Hospital in the Town

of Cambridge,

100. An Act to amend an Act made in the fifth Year of

his present Mnjcffy, for amending the Road from Chat-

teris Fnry, through Chatteris and Alarch to IFijhcch

Saint Peter's ; and from thence to Tide Gote in the Ule

of Ely ; and from IViJhech aforesaid, through Out well to

Dotvnham Bridge, in the County of Norfolk ; and for

repealing the several Acts for repairing the said Road

between V/ifcch and March ; and also for charging

certain Lands in JValdcrfea, and on LFiJbrch South Side,

towards the Repairs or the IValdcrfea and South Side

Banks, which, before the passing of this Act, were liable

to such Repairs.

101. An r ft to continue and render more effectual several

Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads in the Pa-

rifhes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other

Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex;

and for Lighting and Watering the said Roads; and for

Paving the Street and Highway and Footways in Ken-

Jington; and for Lighting and Watching the fame, and

the Courts and Alleys adjoining thereto.

toz, An Act to continue and render more effectual three

Acts for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and

Uxhidgefm the County of Middlesex \ and lor amend-

ing the Road leading from Brent Bridge over Harwell

Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, Nciu Brentford,

and Ealing, to the great Wtftcrn Road, in the said

County; and for Lighting, Watching, aryl Watering,

the Highway between Tyburn anJ Kensington Gravel

Pits.

103. An Act for repairing and widening the Road lead-

ing from the Turnpike Road in the 1‘own of Tcnterden

to and ever Bi.I! Green, and to and thro- gh the Town

of Gj cat Chart to a Hnufe known by the Sign of rhe

Ca/lie at the Entrance of the Town of Afford, in the

County of Kent-, and also the Road lea ling from Bull

Green adore la id to H-th field Heath ; and aim the Road

leading from Bull Green a orefiiid, through II gh Balden,

to Dnjhmandrn in the Rarish of Biddcndcn, in the said

County of Kent,

to*. An Act for rep bring and widening the Rond from

Marc! vail, in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor,

JVca thenhury and Hanmer, in the County of Flint, to

a House in the Polbftion of Thomas Jerks, in Dcrmgton,

in the Parish of IV'hitchurch, in the County or Salop,

and from Banror aforesaid to Maipas, in the County of

Cht/lcr, and from Reabroik to Hampton in the said

County of Salop.

log. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act

made in the twenty-ninth Year of King George the

5

Second, for making a Road from the East Side of the

Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County

of Midi! (ex, to tin* Eart End of Church-street, and to

open a Wav into Shoreditch ; and for repairing, paving,

and regulating. Old Cock-lane, New Cock-lane, Church-

street, and the RoaJ on the Welt Side of the Opening

into Shoreniteh, and for removing Nui lances and Ob- ,

Itructions therefrom, and preventing the f.:mc for the '

future.

100. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in j

the County of Ayr,

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN Act to enable the Right Honourable James

£\. Ofxvald, the Right Honourable Janies Grenville,

and the Right Honour able Isaac Barre, to take, in Great

Britain, the Oath of Office, as V ice-Trcafurtr, an 1

Receiver General, and Pavmaster General, of all his

Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Behind \ and to

quality chemlelves for the Enjoyment of the said Orfices.

2. An Act for naturalizing Mary Ann dm die Burr owes.

3. An Act for naturalizing Chn ‘tman J an Tnlirtgen*

4. An Act for naturalizing Lewis A^afiz, 'John Samuel I

Schutz, Philip David Krautcr, J jima R'urement, Fer-

dinand Dc Aiicrre, and Chrniton Godfrey Khin.

v An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the

third Year of his present Mfteffy’s Reign, intituled. An

Alt for veiling Part of the settled Efates 0/ Samuel I)afh-

wood Ej quire, in Trflees, for raffing Money to pay Debts

and Incumbrances, and for providing an Equivalent cr

Compensation for the fame, to the Ifue inheritable under his

Marriage Settlement

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, and other Commonable Grounds, in the PanQi

of Kencott, in the County of Oxford•

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fit Ids, Common Paffures, Common Mea-

dows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands,

lying within the Manor of Chcjierton, in the County of

Oxford.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, and Commonable Lands, in the Parish

of Sand ford, in the County of Oxford. t

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common

Mi or, called CarlijJe and Ctimmerfdale Moor, in the

County of Cumberland,

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing Halton Green, and 1

for disposing of other Grounds, within the Township 1

of Hatton East, in the Parish of Skipton, in the County \

of York

11. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, such (

Part of certain Commons and Walle Grounds, called

Bentham Moor, as lieth within the Manor of IngUtcny

in the Wilt Riding of the County of York.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- t

nion Field®, Common Meadows, Common Pafbures,

Common Grounds, Lanes, and Wade Grounds, w»th;n

the Manor and Parish of Old, otherwise IVould, in the

Coun»y of Northampton.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons ,

or Walle Grounds, within the Manor of Chorley, in the 1

Coun y Palatine of Lancaster.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fieldr,

Me adows. Common Paffures, and Walle Grounds, 1

and also the Marsh and Fenny Grounds, in the Manor

and Parish of Yaxley, in the County of Huntingdon•

15- Ant

