IO

PubJick Act.

Preamble.

Commissionera

Nines.

It* tVTktm fanners

orittkuled a

Cj« t.

C. 9. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Ac! (hill be deemed, adjudged,

and taken to be, a publick Act, and he judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, justices, and.

other Persons whutfoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. IX.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Chip*

perbam, Caine% and Damerham North, and Lordship or Liberty of Corjljam, in the County

of IVi t5.

4 ^X/HEREAS ,n the Towns of Chippenham, Caine, and Corfham, and the Places adjacent, HI lying

4 VV within the Hundreds of Chippenham, Caine, and Damerham North, and Lord ship or Liberty of

4 Corfham, in the County of Wilts, there is carried on a large and extensive Manufacture, which employs

4 many thousand People, many of whom contradi Small Debts : And whereas an easy and fpccdv Method

4 of recovering Small Debts, will greatly tend to promote Industry, and to support useful Credit, within

4 the Hundreds and Lordship aforesaid May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be cnaHed,

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad vice an] Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aff’embled, and by the Authority

of the lame. That Sir Robert Long Baronet, Sir Edward Bayntun Baronet, the Honourable Thomas Fit z~

maurice, Edward Popham, James Long, William Northry, Paul Methuen, John Talbot, 7 r mas Hr

IPalker, Charles Long, James Montagu, Edward Montagu, Thomas Maundrel!, Robert Hoadm, John H:\ltcn,

Thomas Boudler, Ezekiel Dickinjon, Vicarius Dickinson, joseph Colborne, William Colborne, Benjamin Cotlo -t?.\

Robert Neale, Hunger ford Keatc, William Neate, Henry White, James Gilpin, Townfen I Andrews, BraedeAt

Brovjn, Anthony Brooke, Henry Brooke, Matthew Barlow, the Reverend DoHor Robert Hort, the Reverend

Doctor John Scroop, the Reverend Doctor Richard Scroop, the Reverend John Rolt Clerk, the Reverend

Robert Ash: Clerk, the Reverend William Atkinson Clerk, the Reverend William Jufon Clark, the Reverend

Francis Wehnan, the Reverend Pitcarne Clerk, Edward Yefeomhe, the Reverend Homas Heath

Thomas Smith, John Morris, Prior, John Bowman, Francis Mere wether, Cornelius Norwood,

Clerks ; Anthony Guy junior, Richmond Aland, Benjamin Edivards% Benjamin Stephens, Thomas Eacott, Ahvortb

Mere wet her M. D. John Merew ether, John Jennings, Stephen Wilson, John Scott, Richard Withers, Thnnas

Eaton, John Eaton, George Beamcs, John Beanies, Henry Singer, James Halbert, John Hulbcrt Baker, Walter

Wilijlire of Guttleion, Daniel Ponting, Thomas Tanner, Henry Prior, John Sadler Gale, Ijaac Gale, Robert

Pinncl, William Stroud, John Bedford, Ambrose Love grove, Richard Sainsbury, Richard Singer, Henry Kemm,

Abraham Pilchard, John Rujjel, Robert Colborne, William Kyte, I Vi I Ham Pjpe, William Sympfon, I Id I limn

Edwards, Robert Rose, Ijaac Taylor, Adam Goldney, Gabriel Goldney, Thomas G old rev, Efmea.i Edridge, I fine

Humphreys junior, Thomas Edridge, William Tan ant, William Bright, Thomas Young, John Porter, John

Gaby, Richard Pocock, John Brown, Waiter Coleman, Robert Crooks, Thomas Crooks, Edward Crocke, James

Green, John Eddolls, Nicholas Barrett, Robert Gale, William Smith, I Pi I; i am Fjjington, Thomas Neate, Daniel

Smith, John Bishop, George Bishop, Robert Baily, Edward Smith, Ralph Hale junior, Matthew May,

Edward Stretch, Robert Foreman, Stephen Hale, John Srantial, Thomas Vincent, Joseph Bodman, Drew Davis

Stretch, Richard Aijhley, Robert Baldwin, Joseph Strong, John Oak ford, Robert Dye*-, James Lowe, Richard

Cole, IVebb Lawrence, IP'illiam Mortimer, iViifuvn Heath, Simon Vivafh, Michael Smith senior, John Hughey,

Francis Child, John Davis, John Scgrum, James Pound, Henry Smith, Richard Gale, Rbert John hlr rijort,

John Batten, Henry Bailey, Edward Crocks, John A cate, Edward Mitel ell, iVi. l:am Mitchell, John Hulbcrt

Clothier, William Arnold, Charles Arnold, William Stump, IP i Hi am Ha!’>c; t. 11 idiam Daimer, John D aimer y

William Daimer junio', John Davis, Richard Cozens, John Edwards, William Silvcfler, Joseph Lrgeyt,

Richard Batchelor, William Davis, William Kington. John Chanter, Edward Mitchdl junior, Thomas

Mitchell, John Galloway Halbert, Jeffery Hall:day, William Braver, Samuel Guy, George Tucker, Joseph

Oriel, Moses Pullen, John Skeate of Biddeston, William Mount icy, James Fozv .1, James Davis, El ward

H'dbertK J enathan Collett, Stanfield Davis, Stephen Sartai7, Wiliam Ilulbert junior, James Porch, Edward

Home, James Chapman, David Griffin, Samuel Heath, Richard Fry, John Bennett, John Stump, Alark

Stump, jchfjen Haywtwd, Peter Dn wett senior, Peter Drewett junior, Anthony Drcvoett, George Drcwetty

jfiph PiueOin, George Lee, Stephen Bridges, John Ford, James Lee, Tobias Prick in?, William Ailiffe, George

Minims, Heavy budding, Adonis, Thomas Goddard, John Lee, John Neate, Edward Lee, Robert

Reynolds, His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Wilts for the time being who shall refid c

within the Hun.beds or Lordship aforesaid, the Bailiff* and RurgnTes of the Borough of Chippenham for the

time being, the Stewards and Burgdlbs of the Borough of Caine for the time being, and the Bailiff of

the Lordship or Liberty of Lorjham for the time being, 1 hall he, and are hereby declare], constituted, anJ

appointed, Commissioners to hear and determine all such Cattles and Matters of Debt as are herein after

mentioned ; and such Commissioner*, and their Successors, are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by

the Name and Stile of The Cow t cf Roquests for the Hundreds afChippenhain, Caine, and Damerham North,

and Lorelyhip or Lihrty cf Corfham, in the County of Wilts : ’And they the said Commissioners, or any three-

or more of them, Hi all and are hereby authorized, impowered, and required, to meet, assemble, and hold

the Laid Court in ear h of the said Towns of Chippenham, Caine, and Corfham, alternately and by Turns,

once in every Week (to wit) on every Monday, or oftener, if there shall be*Occasion, in a Court-house,

nr some convenient Place to be provided by the major Part of the said Commissioners, who shall be act'em-

bled at some General Meeting to be held for that Purpose i which General Meeting of the said Commis-

iioners.

