282

Stecap. 4>$»

*> 54

Set cap. 54»

/a 9 Gw*3*

r> 42*

^reamblct

Treafory trr-

powered to raise

any Sum not

exceeding

l,Soo,ocol. by

Loans or Ex-

chequer Bills;

in the fame

Manner as by

the Malt A<5\ of

. this Srffion is

preferibrd, with

resp:& to Loan*

•r Exchequrr

Bills iner.by

The Clauses in

the said Act re-

lating to Loans

ar Bills,

0.10,11,12,13,14,15,16. Anno feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767;

appointed Justices of the Peace by any subsequent Commission or Commissions which shall be granted

during any such Reign j and shall not incur any Penalty or Forfeiture for the not taking or subscribing

the said Oaths*.

CAP. X.

An Act for poniibine Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their

Quarters. EXP.

CAP. XI.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, free of Duty, from any Part o(Europe

for a further Time than is allowed by any Act made in this Session of Parliament; and for permitting

the free Importation of Barley, Barley-meal, and Pulse, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time. EXP.

CAP. XII.

An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs*

Lard and Grease. EXP.

CAP. XIIL

An Act for the Regulation of hi? Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore. EXP.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain^ for the Serviccof

the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven. EXP.. 3 r. in the Pound.

CAP. XV.

An Act for giving further Time to his Majesty’s Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices, and Clerks of

the Peace, and others, for carrying into Execution certain Parts of an Act passed in the last Session, for Pay

and Cloathing of the Militia 5 and for indemnifying such Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, and Clerks

of the Peace, and others, who have neglected to carry such Parts of the said Act into Execution. EXP.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for raising a certain Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

* TT7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

c #VV# assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Ma-

€ jelly in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sum herein

c after mentioned ;* and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury now or for the time

being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, at any Time or Times

before the fifth Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, to cause or direct any Loans

to be taken or received at his Majesty’s Exchequer, from any Person or Personsr Natives or Foreigners^

Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out there, for any

Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in Loans and Exchequer Bills together, in the Whole the Sum of

one million eight hundred thousand Pounds; in the fame or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according

to the fame or like Rules and Directions, as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, inti-

tuled, 4 An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and

4 Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven,’ are enacted and prejeribed,

concerning the Loans or Exchequer Bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said Act.

authorised to betaken or mAdc.

IT. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes,

Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said Jail mentioned

Act, relating to the Loans or Fxchequer Bills authorised to be made by the lame Act (except such Clauses

as do charge the fame on the Taxes granted by the fame Act, and except such Clauses as limit thrRateof

Jpterest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act, and also except as is

7 kereii

