672 C. 20. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

Payments so ordered, decreed, and adjudged, the said Commissioners* or any Three or more of them, afiem-

bled in such Court, (beinga Majority of the said Court) at the instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and

upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, shall and may award Execution for the whole Debt, or such

Part thereof as shall remain unpaid at the Time of such Default or Failure, together with such further Costs

as to them shall seem meet j to be recovered by the fame Method and Means as are herein provided for the

Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed $ the former Order, Decree, or Judgment to the contrary

notwithstanding.

Party to be dif- VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Precept to be used upon

nent^Debt^nd Execut*on awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons, the Clerk of the said Court shall

Costs.° C ta indorse, or cause to J)e indorsed, the Sum or Sums, and Costs so ordered, decreed, or adjudged, and the

Costs of the said Execution ; and if the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded respectively,

shall, before any a£lual Sale of the Goods, or before he or she is apprehended, or before the Expiration of

the Term of his or her Imprisonment, pay, or cause to be paid or tendered unto the Clerk of the said Court,

. such Sum or Sums and Costs, together with One Shilling as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and

paying over the said Debt and Costs, and entering Acknowledgment of Satisfaction in full for the fame, and

also the Sum of Two Shillings and Two-pence for Gaol Fees (in case such Person or Persons shall have been

committed to Prison); then, and in any such Cafe, the Execution shall be superfeded, and the Body or

Goods of the said Party shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

Attcrmei not VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Privilege or pretended Privilege shall

privileged. be allowed to exempt any Person liable to be summoned by virtue of this A £1, from the Turisdiction of

the said Court of Requests, on account of his being a sworn Attorney or Solicitor of any of the Courts at

Westminster, or of any Court whatsoever.

Officers «f the VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Serjeants at Mace, who

^u°nifteTfor Mil be employed to serve an Execution, shall, by wilful or notorious neglect or Connivance, cause or fuf-

keiuviogr°r fer c^e Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded to escape or abscond, or the Goods of such

Party to be carried away or fccreted, so that such Execution shall not have its due effedfc ; it shall and may

be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, assembled at any fuclv Court

(beinga Majority of the Court) upon Complaint made, and due Proof thereof upon the Oath or Oaths of

One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Serjeant at Mace to pay the Sum or Sums of

Money for which the said Execution was awarded to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment

thereof by the fame Method and Means as are herein provided for Recovery of other Debts.

Commissioners # IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better regulating the Proceed-

may m»ke Or- ings of the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners. or any &ix or more of

Jeis for regulating them assembled at any such Court, from Time to Time to make such Rules and Orders for the better re-

Proccctkogs, gUlating the Practice of the said Court, and the Method of Proceeding therein, as shall seem to them most

expedient and conducive to the Purposes of this Act, so that such Rules and Orders shall be agreeable to

Law, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act ; which said Rules and Orders, having

been signed by the said Six or more Commissioners, shall be in full Force, and kept and observed by all the

Commissioners thereafter holding or to hold the said Court, and their Officers and the Suiters therein, until

the lame shall be repealed by the like Number of Commissioners.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as "a

Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (save in the Choice of a Clerk at their First Meeting, as hereaf-

ter mentioned) until he shall have taken an Oath to the EfFedt following j that is to say,

r __

Commissioners c T AB do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the bed of my

Oath. 1 JL Judgement, hear and determine such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me by virtue

‘ of an Act of Parliament for the mire easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of

1 King’s Lynn and Liberties thereof without Favour, AfFedtion, or Prejudice to either Party.

€ So help me GOD.*

Which Oath the Clerk of the said Court, or any One of the Commissioners who shall have taken such

Oath, is hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court $ and a Memorial thereof shall be

entered into the Register of the said Court by the said Clerk.

A Clerk to be XL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

appointed. the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, present at their first Court to be held in pursuance of

this Act, and they are hereby required, to constitute and appoint a fit and able Person to be Clerk of the

said Court of Requests, who fh;ill continue in the said Office during his good Behaviour, and who shall have

Power and Authority, fiom Time to Time, to appoint a Deputy 5 which said Clerk, or his Deputy, are

Clerk to issue hereby impowered and required to issue out all Summonses, Warrants, and Precepts, and to register all

Summonses, &c. Orders, Decrees, and Judgments of the said Court; and shall enter and register, or cause to be entered and

registered, in proper Books to be provided by him and kept for that Purpoi'e, all the Acts and Proceedings

of the said Court j and whenever it shall happen that the Place or Office of Clerk of the said Court shall

become vacant, by the Death, Rtfignation, or Removal of the Clerk to be appointed as herein before

mentioned, or of any other future Clerk of the said Court, the Mayor of the said Borough for the Time

being, or his Deputy, shall and is hereby required, within Ten Days after such Vacancy, to cause all the

Commissioners, for the Time being, to be summoned to meet at the Guildhall of the said Borough, at a cer-

tain Time by him to be appointed, so as the fame be not less than Four Days, nor more than Fourteen

Days

