A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. C. *1$

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Orders and Determinations so to be made by the said Com- Their Decree* to

missioners, shall be set down in Writing, under the Hands and Seals of such of the said Commissioners as

shall make the fame* and shall be entered at Length in the publick Office kept at Beverley^ in and for the8*'1*

East Riding of the County of York; and the fame, or a true Copy or Copies thereof, certified as stich, under

the Hand of the Reeifter of the said Office, or his Deputy, shall be taken, deemed, and adjudged, good and

sufficient Proof in all Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever.

X1IL And be it further enacted, That upon the Death or Refusal to act of any Commissioner hereby Upon Death*

appointed, or hereafter to be cleded, the surviving Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and 10

may, from time to time, elect one other Commimoner in the Room of every such Commissioner deceased fionwiaodTer

or refuting to ad; and every Person so elected shall have the lame Authority, to all Intents and Purposes, roay be chofeo.

as if he had been named a Commissioner in this Act. ^

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, that nothing in this Act contained Act not to aflfeA

{hall extend, or be construed, adjudged, deemed, or taken, to revoke any Will, or to make void, alter, Will*, Settle*

annul, or any ways affect any Settlement, Mortgage, Incumbrance, or Deed, which shall have been exc- mcm,»

cuted on or before the fourteenth Day of February^ one thousand seven hundred and sixty>fix, or any Part

thereof, so as to prejudice any Person or Persons^ having any Right or Claim under the fame, out of, upon,

or affecting the Ground whereon the present Light-houses stand^ or the said Light-houses, or the Duties

granted by the said Letters Patents; but that all such Rights and Claims on the said Premisses and Duties

mall refoedively be and remain a Charge and Lien on the new Light-houses hereby directed to be built, and

on the Duties hereby granted or continued; And the respediye Shares and Ipterefts of the said John Angell

and Leonard Thompfony of and in the fame Light-houses, Duties, and, Profits, shall be subject and liable to

the same Uses, Trusts, Charges, Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, Remainders, Rents, Annuities, Services,

Incumbrances, and Demands, as their Shares and Interests of and in thte said present Light-houses, and the '

Duties and Profits granted by the said Letters Patents, would have been respectively fubied and liable to in

case this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con* ftefrmtion of

strued to extend, to defeat, lessen, or prejudice, the Right, Title, and Interest, of the said William ConJlabley Rights of the

his Heirs and Assigns, as Lord or Lords of the Manor of Kilnfea, or as Lord or Lords of the Seignory or Lon*Mi*

Dominion of HolderneJJe, in the said County of York) except so far only as the lame is or are hereby bound *°r’

or affected; any Thing in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVL Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein and of the Tri-i

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice, lessen, or defeat, any of the Powers, Pri* nity House.

vileges, Immunities, or Juriftiidioiis, of or belonging to the Corporation of the Trinity House of Dept-

ford Strond.

XVII. And be it further enacted by-the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of

commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act; that Aftioai.

then, and in every such Cafe, the Action or Suit shall oe brought within Six Calendar Months next after

the Fad committed, and shall be laid, in the County of York> and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or

Defendants in such Action or Suit so to be broughtlhall and may plead the General Issue, and give this General i/n*.

Ad, and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trialito be had thereupon: And if the Plaintiff or Plain*

tiffs shall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits or if

upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; the Defendant or Defendants

{hall and may recover Treble Costs* and have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants Treble Cost*.

{hall and may have in any Cafes by Law. ‘ 1

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, PuMick i

aM taken to be, a Publick Act; ami be judicially taken Notice of as such in ail Courts^ and by all

Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to extend an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the First, f .

intituled, An ASt for the further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Ft lon:es, and for the * ,

more effectual Transportation of Felons and unlawful Exporters cf Wool, and for declaring the , t

Law upon some Points relative to Pirates, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland^, so

far as the said Act relates to the more effectual Transportation of Felons; and for amending '♦

and rendering more effectual the Laws for restraining Muirburn, in forbidden Time, in that

Part of the United Kingdom.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, prMmble, rvc’t-

An At1 for further preventing Robbery, Burglary, and other Felonies, and for the more effectual Tran- ing ClauiVs in

€ fPortation of Felons and unlawful Extorters of Wooiy and for declaring the Law upon some Points relating to Geo. i.

€ Pirates, certain Provisions and Rules are made and laid down for the more effectual Transportation ofc# ,#

Offenders to his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, by enabling the Court, before whom

such Persons are convicted, to convey, transfer, and make over such Offenders, by Order of Court, to

the Use of any Person or Persons who shall contract for the Performance of such Transportation, to him

and them, and their Heirs and Assigns; and such Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, his or

F f 2 4 their

