294

Coal Meters not

to be tnrerefled

in the Sale of

Coals*

f 1. Penalty on

labouring Coal

Meters not at-

tending on No-

lice.

Stations of la-

bouring Meters

to be frequently

varied.

Coals to be mea-

sured in Presence

of a labouring

Meter*

Coal Meters Fee.

Tickets to be

delivered.

Penalties on al-

tering Tickets,

&c.

•r carrying

Coals without.

C. 23. Anno feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1767.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the fa id Principal Coal

Meter, or any of the persons to be employed under him, shall, at any time or times hereafter, during his

or their respeflive Continuance in their Office or Employment aforesaid,"be directly or indirectly interested

or concerned in the Sale of any Coals whatfeever, otherwise than in their laid respective Offices; he or

they respectively so offending; shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds;

and being thereof convicted before the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, shall be di!miffed from

his or their said respeflive Office or Employment, and be for ever disabled from holding or executing the

fame or any other under this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if ary of the said labouring Coal

Meters, having Notice in Writing given to him or th^m to attend at any Wharf within the Limits afore-

said to be named in such Notice, at any particular Hour of the next Day to be therein mentioned, in

order to measure the Coals of the Person giving such Notice, shall refuse or neglect to attend and do his

or their Duty accordingly; every such labouring Coal Meter (hull, for evety such Offence, forfeit and

pay the Sum of three rounds ; which Sum, if not paid within one Calendar Month ne xt after the Coa-

vidtion of the offending Party, shall or may be recovered of or from the Lid Principal Coal Meter for the

time being, in like Manner as might have been again!! the Party so convicted.

IX. And, in order to prevent Confederacy, be it enacted. That the Stations to be appointed to and

for the labouring Coal Meters, at the said Wharfs, shall be frequently varied by the Principal Coal

Meter, or the Person or Persons executing the Office of Principal Coal Meter, in such Manner as he or

they shall think fit.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Coals which, from and after the said

first Day of June, shall be sold as and for Wharf Measure, at any Place or Places within the Lid City

of London, or at any of the several Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Places, situate between the Tower of

London and Lmehouse Hole in the County of Middlesex, shall be measured in the Prelence of one of the

said labouring Coal Meters, in such Manner as is directed irf and by an Act of Parliament made and

passed in the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second,

intituled. An Act for regulating the Meofures and Prices of'Coals ; and the said labouring Coal Meters shall

and may, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, to fill up any Bufnel or Bushelsof

Coals, as shall appear to him or them to be deficient or wanting in Measure, out of the btock of Coals of

the Person or Persons so vending or contradling for the Sale of the said Coals.

^XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That four Pence by the Chaldron, for every

Chaldron of Coals which, from and after the said first Day of June, (bill be fold and delivered at any

Wharf, Warehouse, or Place, within the said City of London, and the Liberties thereof, or between the

Tower of London and Limehouse Hole in the County of Middlesex, shall be paid by the Person who keep3

the Wharf, Warehouse, or Place, where such Coals are carted from, or by the Seller or such Coals, to

the Principal Land Coal Meter for the time being, or to the labouring Coal Meters, for the Purposes

following ; that is to say. Part of the said Sum for the Use of the said Principal Coal Meter, as a Recom-

mence for his Labour and Trouble, and for defraying the Charges of his Clerks, Messengers, House Rent,

Fire, Candles, and all other Expences incident to the Execution of the Office afo elaid, and the other

Part for the Hire of the labouring Coal Meteis; and thereupon such Principal Land Coal Meter shall,

and he is hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to every Seller of such Coals, or the Carmen

who shall cart, lead, drive, or carry, the fame, a Paper Writing or Ticket, signed by the said Principal

Land Coal Meter, and countersigned by the said labouring Coal Meter attend,ng and delivering the fame,

in which shall be contained as well the Christian and Sirname of the respedHve Sellers, as of the Consumers

of the said Coals, the Quantity, and Day of the Week, Month and Year of the Delivery and Admea-

furement, the Amount of the Metage Charge, and the Names of the Carmen or Persons employed to

cart, lead, drive, or carry, the fame Coals ; and also shall contain a Notice to the Purchaser or Pur-

chafers of the said Coals, that if he, (he, or they, is or are dissatisfied with the Measure thereof, which

Diflatisfa<5tion must be expressed to the Carman before any Part thereof are (hot or unladen from the said

Cart; which said Ticket beinc: thus made compleat, and Metage paid, shall be delivered unaltered by the

labouring Coal Meter countersigning the fame, without Delay, to the Carman or Person employed to

cart, carry, drive, or lead, the Coals described in such Ticket, to the Consumer therein named ; which

said Ticket unaltered, the Carman or Person therein named to be employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive,

the Coals in such Ticket described, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver to the respeitive Consumers

therein named, or to their Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such

Ticket, for the Use of such Consumer; and thereupon he, (he, and they, are hereby required to pay to

the Seller named in such Ticket the Metage therein specified : And if the labouring Coal Meter, counter-

signing such Ticket, shall, after Payment of the Metage Charge in pursuance of this Act, refuse to deliver

such Ticket as herein before directed to the Carman or Person employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry,

the Coals therein described ; such labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the

Sum of forty Shillings : And if such Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive, the Coals

described in such 'Picket, shall, after the fame Ticket shall have been so delivered to him by the labouring

Coal Meter counte signing the fame, either alter, or neglect or refuse to deliver the fame Ticket to the

Consumer therein named, or to the Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Tolls described in

such Ticket ; such Carman or Person employed to cart, lead, or drive, the Coals described in such

Ticket, shall likewise forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Cart or Carts loaded, or in which any

Quantity of Coals, exceeding seventeen Bushcls, shall be lent or driven fiom any Wharf, Warehouse, or

Place,

