A. D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. C. 1—«i> 513

aid In any other County or Place than as aforesaid; then the Jury or Juries /Hall find for the Defendant

or Defendants therein : And if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants ;

or if the Plaintiff*or Plaintiffs in such Action or A<ftions, Suit or Suits, /Hall become nonsuited, or suffer

• Discontinuance of such Action or Actions; or If upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or

Actions, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein; then, and in any of the Ca-

fes aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall-have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for re- Treble Coib.

covering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for hit, her, or their Costs in any other Caffs

by Law. *'

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act (hdll be taken and al- Pubiick A&.

lowed, in all Courts of Justice, as a Publick A&; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby re-

quired to take Notice thereof as such, without the fame being specially pleaded.

Anno octavo GEORGII III

At the Parliament begun and holden at Itfejlminster, the Tenth Day of May, Bom. 1768,

in the Eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord G EORG E the Third, by the

Grace of God, of Great Britain^ France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

Being the First Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

S E S. L

CAP, 1,

Ail A& for further continuing certain Laws to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Refer to 31 G.

Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit; and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and *• c,#32£f*#

Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour; for further allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, \ cc G'0|

' Barley, Barley Meal, and Pulse, free of Duty, unto this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe; and for sic!*,

allowing the Importation of Oats and Oat Meal, Rye and Rye Meal, into this Kingdom, for a limited 4,5»4°*

' Time, free of Duty ; and also for continuing such other Laws as will expire before the Beginning of the 7 Gco*■ 1* c*

next Session of Parliament. EXP.

Anno nono GEORGII III.

At the Parliament bfgun and holden at Westminster, the Tenth Day of May, Anno

1768, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by

the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the Eighth Day of November .1768,

being the Second Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain,

SES. IL

CAP.I.

An Act to prohibit, for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Bif-f^’fceo.’s.

cuit, and Starch \ and also the Extraction of Low VVines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat f lour, c.' 2. 33 Geo. a!

EXP. ' c. 4. 6 Geo. 3.

c. 3, 4, 5, 40. 7 Geo. 3. c. 36, 54. 8 Ceo. 3. c. 1, 10. Ceo. 3. c. i, 1*

CAP. II. '

An Act for continuing and*grantinfc to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyd6r, and Perry,

■; ' for the Service of the i ear One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine. E X P.

Vol, X. U U u CAP.

