574 C. 23, 24. Anno no no Georgii III. A.D. 1769.'

'Tribes impow- XLVII. 4 And whereas the Number of Constables for the fuid Parish are inefficient,* be it therefore

rred to ch > >:c enacted, That from and after the Twentieth Day of December next after the Palling of this Act, itlhall

Bibles y 4 Lon~aiHi may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Thirteen or more of them, to elect and appoint four

Constables for the said Parish annually ; who shall each be subject to the Direction and Authority of the

said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in the same Manner as is directed by the said Act passed in

the Twenty-eighth Year of His late Majesty.

Per Tons paying XL VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That no Person or Persons who

cMPivi^froni'pc be rated and pay to any Rate or Rates, Affeilinent or Aileilments^ to be made in pursuance. of this

ionj shall be liable to any Pains or Forfeitures for any Neglect or Default for not setting or hanging out

Candles or Lights in Lanthorns from AAichaelmis to Lady-day in every Year, according to the Direction

of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Second Year of their late Majesties King William and (^ueen Mary,

intituled, 6 An Act for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of London and Westminilcr, and

4 Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and Out Parishes in the County of Middlesex and in the Borough of

4 Sjutbwark, and other Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality in the County of Surryj and for

A regulating the Markets therein mentioned:* or shall be liable to keep Watch or Ward, by virtue of

the Statute called The Statute of Winchester, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Edward

the First, not to be cledted into the Office of Surveyor of the Highways, by virtue of the Statutes of the

Second and 'Third Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen ALary, and the Third and Fourth

Years of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Afary, or to the Pains and Penalties inflicted

by any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Appointment of Surveyors of the Highways, or

Scavengers within the said Parish; but shall be, and are hereby discharged of and from the same, and

from the Performance of all Statute Duties on the said Highways.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit 013111)0commenced against any Person

or Persons for any Matter or Tning done in pursuance of this Act, then, and in every such Cafe, th?

Action or Suit shall be brought within Six Months next after the Cause or Action shall arifc, and not after-

wards, and shall be laid and brought in the City of London, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or

Defendants, in such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General Ifiue, and give this Act, and the

spegial Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and if it shall appear to be done in purfu-

ance of this Act, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited in that Behalf, or

in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then thejury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants:

And upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff’or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or

their^Action or Suit, after the Defendant shall have appeared ; or if, upon Demurrer* Judgment be

given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs,

and have the like Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants have or hath for Costs in other

Cafes by Law.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Clauses, Powers, Provisions,

lowers, &c. of Penalties, and Forfeitures, contained in the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His late Majesty; and

Aa28 Gco. II. by the said Act veiled in the said Trustees, in regard to the enlightening and cleansing the Open Places,

c. 37. extended Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the Parish of St. Bartholomew the Greats

to this Act. London j and likewise in regard to the regulating of the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said

Parish (except so much thereof as shall by this Act be altered and varied) shall be, and are hereby de-

clared to be, veiled in Trustees, in such and the same Manner, in respect to the Powers granted by this

Act for paving and removing Annoyances in the said Parish, in as full and ample Manner as if the fame

were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

Publiclc LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and

taken to be, aPublick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other

Persons, without specially pleading the same.

cl

Actions,

General Irttis.

Treble Costs.

6 Geo. 3. c. 40.

42.

7 Geo. 3. c. 2,

49. S6> 57*

8 r

CAP. XXIV.

See 5 Geo. III.

*• i°»3S- --.An Act for carrying into Execution certain Proposals made by the ,EaJi India Company for

the Payment of,the Annual Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for a limited Time,

in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies.

Geo. 3. c. ir.

Preamble re- 4 ’VYT HER EAS by an Act mad* in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-

citing Act 7 Geo.« \\f tuled. An Act for establishing an Agreement for the Payment of the Annual Sum of Four hundred

111. c. 57* < thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, by the East India Company, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions

c and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, it was directed, that the United Company of Merchants

€ of England trading to the East Indies, and their Successors, should pay into the Receipt of His Majesty*s

4 Exchequer, for His MajestyY Use, the Sum* of Four hundred thousand Pounds per Annum9 during the

c Term of Two Years, to be computed from.the First Day of Februrary, One thousand seven hundred

4 and sixty-seven, by Half-yearly Payments of Two hundred thousand Pounds each, at or before such

4 Times as are therein limited ; and it was thereby enacted and declared, that all the Territorial Acquifi-

4 tions

