600 C. 31, 32. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

. against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the said Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall

Treble Cells, have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in

other Cafes by Law.

FoUkk AcU XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act {hall be taken and allowed in all Courts as a Publiclc

Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such without foccially

pleading the same.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the High Streets and Lanes in the

Parish of Saint Nicholas within the City of Rochester and Parish of Strood, in the County

of Kent-, and for making a Road through Star Lane, across certain Fields adjoining thereto,

to Chatham Hill in the said County.

preamble# « \WHEREAS the High Streets and Lanes in the Parish of Saint Nicholas within the City of

Rocbejttr and Parish of Strood in the County of Ktnt, are very ill paved and cleansed, and are not

lighted and watched: And whereas the present Methods prefciibed by Law for paving and cleansing the

said Streets and Lanes are infufKcient for those Purposes; and if Power was given to new pave and regu-

late the fame Streets and Lanes, and to pieferve and maintain the Pavements thereof for the future, and

to cleanse, light, and watch the fame, and to remove all Obstructions, Projections, Nuisances, apd An-

noyances therein, and to prevent the fame for the future, and to make a Road through Star Lane, across

the Fields and Grounds there leading to Chatham Hill, it would tend greatly to the Safety and Advan-

tage of the respective Inhabitants of the said Parishes, and be of publick Utility: May it therefore please

Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lord* Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

Tmftec* Names.ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Mayor, Recorder, and Justkes of the Peac e

of the City of Rochester, the Members of Parliament for the said City, the Dean, Vice Dean, and Arch-

deacon, of the Cathedral Church of Rochester, the Wardens of the New Bridge at Rochester, the Tov/n

Clerk for the Time being, the Knights of the Shire for the County of Kent, the Members of Parliament

for the City of Canterbury and Boroughs of Maidjhne and ^neenborough and for the Cinque Ports for the

Time being, the Right'Honourable Frederick North, commonly callcJ Lord North; the Right Honourable

George Sackvilte, commonly called Lord George Saciville; the Honourable Charles Marjham, the Honour-

able Henry Roper, the Honourable John Roper, the Honourable Stephen Fox, the Honourable Thomas

T'ownjhcnd junior, Sir Edward Deering, Sir Charles Fartiahy, Sir Brooke Bridges, Sir Philip Bcteler, Sir

William Fagg, Sir Char la Style, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir John Honeywood, Sir Thomas Py?n Hales, Sir

Roger Tityjden. Sir John Filmcr, Sir John Dyke, Sir George Oxcnden, Sir Narborough Daeth, Baronets ;

Sir Charles Frederick, Sir Piercy Brett, Knights of the Bath; Sir Thomas Ryder, Sir George Kelly, Sir

Charles Whitworth, Knights; John Amhtrjl, Th mas Ayres, Nicholas Alehin, Join Alexander of Strood,

Robert Alexander of Strood, Charles Arnold, '/ofph Brooke, JJcn Bayrard, James Bejl, J.m s Bailee, Ri-

chard Bogbuijt, John Boghurst, Thomas Bi ker, // / liam Batehellor, John Batten, Francis Brooke, Thomas

^Bejl, John Bugden, Edward Bclch'ur, Charles Be cth, P.nlip Bogina ft, J mes Brooke, John Bowes, John

Calcraft, Thomas Cradoek, Al. D. Robert Cart, Richard Chicbelcy, William Criper, Thomas ChiPinch, Robert

~ ' ~ ' " 1 ' * ......  - ...... 77/-

1 ard

Thomas

Hatiway, William Henley, tViliam ThighJon, Thomas Harvey, T.enynnin Hubble, Bonham Haves, Richard

Hayes, George Holmes, John Harrijon, William Horne fenio., iVilliam Horne junior, Harry Hills, Tina:as

gale, Samuel Nieholfon, John Norris,

Nichols, John Oidham, Henry Cxenien, J hn P unptree.

J Jon Pardon, Edward Pilcher, John Page, Co cb PcjcSt Clerk, J. mss Page, John Pa foils, Rician! Por-

d'lge senior, William Pcmb'c, William Painter, John Prosy, William Pet,

etmaa, IF: Ilia m Penn, iVi IHam Reed,

John Roberts, Richard Reeve junior, I Vi ilium Reed of Grave fend, John S w! ridge, Henry Smith, the Vicars

of the Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Strood for the Time k in *, H ns Slo ne, Thomas Smith, da les

Shermuii, John Souther den, Francis Starke, Thomas Stevens, Huh am Spier, Richard Sava ye, James Shank,

Robert Salmon, John Smith of Lodge Hill, John Spice, John Snutt, William Stalls, Wiliam Stivers, James*

3

