418 C. 53.

Anno septimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1767;

Ditfcrent Taxes

6n Lands of dif*

fcrcnt Value.

4 an equal Acre Tax :f Therefore* for preventing this, and that all the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds

may be taxed with as much Indifference and Equality as is possible, according to their respective Im-

provements by the Draining; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Fen Lands and

Low Grounds shall be rated and taxed by a gradual Acre Tax of three different Sorts and Values of Land,

to be let out as herein after appointed.

4 XI. But because the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds cannot be so set out and divided into dif-

4 fcrcnt Sorts and Decrees before the Water shall be wholly, or in great Part, drained from off the fame ;*

Tax for the first it is hereby enacted, That all and singular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and every the several

4 Ye*t. and respective Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers thereof, and Commoners, having Right of

Common upon the commonable Parts thereof, shall be and the fame are hereby rated, assessed, taxed, and

charged with the Sum of two Shillings per Acre for the first two Years only after passing this Act.

Gradual Tax Xil. And be it further enacted, That from and after the End of the said first two Years it shall and

forward*. may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, such major Part being not less than

five, assembJed at any Half-yearly Meeting to be held as aforesaid, to assess, rate, tax, and charge all and

singular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and all and every the respective Owner and Owners,

Occupier and Occupiers thereof, and Commoners, having Right of Common on the commonable Parts

thereof, with such yearly Sum according to the aforementioned gradual Acre Tax, and not otherwise,

as they shall judge necessary for compleating and maintaining the aforesaid Works of Draining, so that the

Rate or Tax set upon one Acre of Land of the first Sort does not exceed two Shillings, the Rate or Tax

set upon one Acre of Land of the second Sort three Shillings, nor the Rate or Tax set upon one Acre of

Land of the third Sort exceed four Shillings, in any one Year; and so that for every Penny charged upon

an Acre of Land of the first Sort, three Halfpence be charged upon an Acre of the second Sort, and two

Pence upon an Acre of the third Sort.

Cartam Ta* to XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Taxes so to be assessed, rated, and charged upon

be paid till Debt the several Sorts and Degrees of Land shall not be less than one Shilling, one Shilling and six Pence, and

reduced. two Shillings per Acre respectively in each Year, until all the Money which shall be borrowed for the

Purposes of this Act, with the Interest thereof, shall be discharged.

Appointment of XIV. And, to the End the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds may be more equally taxed by the said

Surveyor* to gradual Acre Tax, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Henry Morley of Eh Esquire,

cUfrLindi. Thomas Jones of Ely Clerk, Richard Dunthorne* Robert Read of Haddenham* IVi lit am Hall of Water beach*

Henry Waddelow of Little Port* and Thomas Toompfon of Streatham, Gentlemen, or any three or more of

them; or in case of Death or Refusal to act, so that three of them cannot be gotten to undertake the

afforting of the said Lands, then three Persons to be appointed by the Commissioners for putting this Act

in Execution, at one of their Half-yearly Meetings, are hereby constituted and appointed to be Surveyors

and Valuers of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and are, within three Years next after passing of

this Act, to digest the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, by Schedules in Writing under their Hands,

into three several Sorts or Degrees of Land, according to which the said Taxation is always afterwards to

be made; and the said Surveyors or Valuers shall return the Schedule so made to the said Commissioners

upon Oath, the Form whereof shall be to the following Effect:

Form of the « T J. B. do swear. That, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully discharge

Oath. c thcTruft of surveying, forcing, and dividing, the Fen Lands and Low Grounds particularly de-

4 feribed in an Act of Parliament passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for

4 draining and preserving certain Fen Lands lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the

4 Fens commonly called Bedford Level* and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam and the

4 Hard Lands of Bottijham, Swaffbam-Bulbeck, and Swaffham-Prior* East; and for empowering the Go-

4 vernor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens

commonly called Bedford Level* to fell certain Fen Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, as I, upon

4 my Oath, shall think most equal.

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer ;

and also to allow unto the said Surveyors or Valuers such reasonable Charges for their Travel and Pains

therein as they the said Commissioners shall think fit; and within ten Days after the said Schedule is

returned to the said Commissioners (which Return is hereby directed to be made within one Month after the

Survey taken, and the different Valuations agreed upon) a true Copy thereof shall be affixed on the Doors

of the Churches of the respective Town and Parishes concerned therein, that all Parties aggrieved may

take their Exceptions, and give Notice thereof in Writing to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, within

thirty Days next after the fame shall be so set up; and within forty Days next after such Exceptions taken,

may appeal for Relief unto the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, who are hereby required

to meet for that Purpose, for altering the said Schedule in the Rates and Values complained of: And in

case the said Commissioners shall not, within forty Days after such Appeal, determine the fame; or if the

Parties shall not be satisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, they may appeal unto the

Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Session to be. held for the said County of Cambridge* and

not afterwards: Which said Justices are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine such

Complaints, and give Relief therein as they shall fee Cause.

justicf* ftotto XV. Provided always, That no Justice of the Peace shall determine on such Appeal, who has any In*

a t where uk tcreft in any of the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Limits set forth and described by this Act.

*rellf* 5 XVI. Provided

4 j

