4

*nd,Pl*ce of

Meeting.

Comrtfj'.Iioners

Power.

Mannernf sum*

moning them ;

They may Hr,

though not in

Rotation;

except when in-

t :cfted.

Power to sue for

•ny Debt net ex-

cusing 401.

C. 8. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

rifhes; and shall deliver or cause to be delivered, the other of the said Litis lo the Clerks, for the time beings

of the Court hereby constituted and appointed, or one of them, or th< ir Deputy, who shall forthwith cause

a Copy of such Lifts to be made and ituck up in the Place where the laic Commissioners shall meet and

act'emble for the Purposes of this A ft; which id Persons so nominated and returned by and for the said

several Parishes respectively, as aforesaid, fiom time to time, shall he, and arc hereby declared, constituted,

and appointed Commissioners, to hear and determine all fuel) Matters of Debt as are he: fin aficr mentioned j

and such Commissioners so from time to time to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, arc hercbv con-

stituted a Court of Justice, by the Name of The Court of Rrque/h for the Hundreds of Blackheath, ^/“Brom-

ley and Beckenham, s/'Rokefley, otherwise Ruxlev, arid of Little and Leilhefs, in the County of Kent: And

the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized, impowered, and required, to

ailemble, fir, and hold the said Court in and for the said Hundreds, in feme convenient Pait of the said Pa-

rish of East Greenwich, once in every Week ; that is to say. On every Tutjday weekly; and in any other

Parish within the said Hundreds, on any other Day or Days in the Week, weekly, or every Fortnight, or

monthly, as Occasion may be: And the said Commissioners so to he nominated and appointed for the time

being, or any three or more of them, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this A cl, to hear and

deteimine all such causes as are herein after mentioned, and to make such Orders, pronounce such Judg-

ments, and make such Decrees, and to award Execution thereupon, with Cods, against the Body or Bodies,

cr against the Goods and Chatties, of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they fha!I make

any such Order, pronounce any such Decree, or give any such Judgement, as to them shall seem just in

Law or Equ .............

II. And, for the more orderly and regularly proceeding in the fiid Court, and that no undue Preference

or Delay may be made or given in summoning the said Commissioners to attend the Business of the fa d

Court; he it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the said Court (who are hereby

impowered and required from time to time so to do) shall, within four days next after such several Idfts (Em I!

be returned to them as aforesaid, summon, or cause to be summoned, the first five Persons out of the f.ifl

thirty-seven named in the said compleat Lift ; the first five out of the second thirty-seven named in the fiid

compleat Lift ; the first five out of the third thirty-seven named in the said compleat Lift ; and the* first five

out of the fourth thirty seven named in the said compleat Lift ; making in all twenty Persons, to attend as

Commissioners of the said Court (or two Calendar Months then next following; ami so the like Number of

Persons out of every Lift, as they (lull (land in Order and Rotation therein rtlpcctively, to serve as Con>-

missioners for every two Months during the Term for which they arc chosen Commissioners.

III. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or heconftrtied to extend, to exclude

or debar any of the Persons who shall be nominated and returned for Commissioners as aforesaid (although

they be not in Rotation) from fitting in the said Court; but that all such Commissioners shall and may, as

often as they shall respectively think fit, fit and give Judgement therein.

IV. Provided also, That if any of the said Commissioners of the said Court, whether in Rotation or n^r,

shall be a Party to, or interested in any Cause depending in the said Court, such Person shall not he capable

of aefting as a Commissioner in the hearing or determining the said Cause, or making any O-fler. Judge-

ment, or Decree therein ; but after being heard in the Cause, shall withdraw, until the fame rs finally deter-

mined : And if any Clerk, or other Officer of the said Court for the time being, flnll be a Party tn or

interested in any Cause, depending in the find Court, such Clerk or other Officer {hall not exert ife his f I

Office in the fiiid Caufie, or any thing relating thereto ; hut the said Commissioners, or any throe or more of

them, assembled at such Court, shall and may appoint another Person to execute the Office of fu:h Clerk nr

other Officer respcrStively, in all Things reining t/> such Cause; and if the Commissioners so rftemb'eJ, shall

happen to he equally divided upon any Question that may come before them, the Commissioner present,

who {lands first in the Lift of Commissioners to be hung up in the Court-house or Place where they shall

meet, shall have the calling Vote.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shal! and may be lawful to and for all

and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who now hath or have, or hereafter shall have, any Debt cr

Debts, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings owing unto him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own

Right, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Trustee, by or from any Person or Persons whomsoever,

residing or inhabiting, or keeping any Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, or seeking a Livelihood, or trading or

dealing within the said Hundreds, or any Part of either of them, to apply to either of the Clerks of the

said Court for the time being, or their Deputy, who shall cause such Debtor or Debtors to be warned or

summoned, by the Beadle or Officer of the said Court of Rcquests for the time being, either person illy or by

Writing to be left at the Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or orher

Place of Dealing or Working, of such Debtor or Debtors within the said Hundreds, or by any other reason-

able Warning or Notice to be given to the said Debtor or Debtors, to appear before the Commissioners of

the said Court, at some certain Court, and at some certain Place, in the fame Summons or Notice to be

mentioned, to answer touching such Debt or Debts respectively; and upon the Return of such Summons or

Notice, and at the Time and Place therein mentioned, and at all Times afterwards, as there fhnl! be Occa-

fion, in case such Debtor or Debtors appear according to the said Summons or Notice, the said Commission-

ers, or any three or more of them, shall and may hear and determine concerning such Debt or Debts ; and

shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to make, or cause to be made, such Orders, and ro

five and pronounce such Judgements and Decrees, touching and concerning the fame, and the Costs of such

uit, as to them shall seem agreeable to Justice and Equity; which Acts, Orders, Judgements, and Decrees,

shall be final between the Parties thereto ; but in case such Debtor or Debtors shall not nnpear according to

such Summons or Summonses, or Notice, as aforesaid, to answer touching such Debt or Debts, as aforesaid,

3 then

