354 C, 42* Anhd feptinx) Georgii III. A. D, 1767,

Qi’irtcrSefeonsjfitch ApjfeilaHt <£iv?n£, for causing to be given, "eight D&ys Notice at the letfft ift Writing of hi* dr her

g.ving Nonce ot Intention to bring such Appeal! ahd of the Matter thereof, t6 the Jirfbcfe or other Person or Porfons agtinfc

and ennerinzU*- whom ftfti Complaint shall be tmde ; and* within four Days after such Notices entering ifttofcecog-

toKecognizanee,nizahct bcfei* tomte Jdftice of the Peaoe for the said County, Ri&ihg, Divifton, City, Corporation, Pie*

&c. cmft, Or Lib<frty, with one sufficTerit Surety; conditioned to try such Appeal At, ftftd Abide the Order of,

Proceedings had and paV fhch Coftfc 2$ shall be awarded by, the JufKces-of stich Quarter Sefiioft* tmdtevfcry hrikitfe of the

before any Juf- Pea<te/aTrd Artier Person*, having received Notice of such Appeal as aforfcfaid, ^hli^l return all Proceedings

the Mauer of° Wh3£e\nfr had before ‘thein irfspectively, touching the Matter of («ch Appetri, to ffoe find Justices at their

such Appeal, to General Quarter Sessions hforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting five Pounds for evOry such Ntgleft; And the

to be returned to said JufHces at ftrch Session, upon doe Proof Of fudh Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering

the General into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Ctmfes and Matters of futh Apperi in -ft

fhmmary Way, and award Tudh Costs to the Parties appealing Or appealed agairfft as they, the said Justices,

Cour^to proceed ftthink proper ; to be levied iand recovered as herein before directed ; and the DotefmiwatiOn Of fttfti

in a Tummary ’Quarter Sections shall be final and ponclusive to all Intents arid Purposes ; and that BO ft-oCOtding to be

Way, and award had or taken in purfuarufe of this Act shall be quathed 6rlvhicated for want of Foiwi* ot fetftoved by Grr-

pr?tLC°n5 ttorari, or any Oth^r Writ or Process whatsoever, extdpt ^ts herein befote-taentioned, into any efhf»

mination tobT"Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westtninjler; any Law Or Statute to the contrary tiOtwMwamWng.

where Appeal LTV. Provided, That no such Appeal shall be thade against any Conviction, for the Forftdhife of Any

is made against Horse or Other Bead by virtue of this A ft, Unless the Person convicted shall, at the Time of foehCoh-

theConviftion viftion, give Notice of his or her Intention to appeal; and at the fame Thne enter into Recognisance,

for the Forfei- fbfficient Sureties, to pay the ValuA Of fudi Horse Or other Bead, in carte fcrch 'Conviflion shall be

Horse0,*?.7 affirmed upon such Appeal; and tlpdn Wsorher givingfudh Security, such HOrfe^or OthOrBeaftihdl be

Notice or Appeal forthwith delivered to such Person.

is to be given at the TUie orConvi^tion.nndltecognUanee, with Sureties, entered into j mnd Horse to be thereupon returned.

Limitation of LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against amr Person or

Atoms. Persons for any Thing done or acted in pursuance of riris AA, then, and in dvery fuen Cafe, web Action

or Suit shall he commenced or prosecuted within three Calendar Months after (he Fast committed, and

not /afrefwards; and the Tame, and every futh Action or Suit, shall be brought in the<Jounty, Riding,

Division, ^City, Corporation, Precinct, or Liberty, where the Person against whom such Action or Suit

ft all lbe commenced doth ordinarily inhabit and reside, or in which the Fad was committed, and not else-

General iflbe. "Where; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit, shall and may plead che GenenS

issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that

^ the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this present Act: And if the fame mail appear to

have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the

fame, or be brought and laid in Any other County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, Trecmft, or

Liberty, than as afore-mentioned, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant br Defendants; or if thfc

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, after the Defendant

or Defendants shall have appeared ; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff

TrebleCofc*. or Plaintiffs ; the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy

for Recovery thereof, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cafes by Law.

Commencement LVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, ax\d every Clause, Provision, and Regulation, herein

of this Act. contained, shall commence and take effect on the twenty-first Day of September next.

LVTI. And, to the Intent that there may be only one Law subsisting for the several Turposes aforesaid,

be it further enacted and declared. That from and after the twenty-first Day of September next following.

Repeal of Aa an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Edu)*ra the First, afbertaining c the Breadth df

,^fdw’u c* I*4 Highways leading from one Market Town to anotheras also an Act passed in the fourteerith and fif-

«.V 15 en' *eenft of King Henry the Eighth, for 1 altering of Highways in the Wela of Kent ;* as also an Act or Bill

*6 Hen. g.c. 7. passed in the twenty-sixth of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, c The Bill for the Highways in the County

both revived by 4 of Sussex \ as also an Act passed in the second and third of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled,

8 Gw. 3. c. 5. « Xhe Statute for the mending of Highways ;* as also an Act passed in the fifth of Queen Eltzabeth, irni-

&3*Phil * 4 ^or Continuance of the Statute made second and third of Philip and Mary, for the

Ufary, c 6. * Amendment of Highways as also an Act passed in the eighteenth of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, 4 An

s Eliz.c. 13. * Act of Addition unto the former Acts for amending and repairing of Highways 5’ as also an Act passed

18 Eli*, c. 10. in the twenty-seventh of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, 4 An Act for explaining of the Statute for the amend*

*7 Eli*, c. a6. « ing of the Highways between Middleton and the King’s Ferry leading into the Isle of Sheppey in the

39 Eli*, c. 19. 4 County of Kent \ as also an Act passed in the thirty-ninth of Queen Eliztobeth, intituled, 4 An Act for

*r,^so,nuch °J 4 the Amendment of Highways in Suffexy Surry, and Kent as also so much of an Act passed in the twenty-

c. iil.« relays second of King Charles the^Second, intituled, 4 An additional Act for the better repairing of Highways

to Highways j * and Bridges,’ as relates to the Highways; as also so much of an Act passed in the second of King

and so much of William and Queen Mary, intituled, 4 An Act for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of

Aa « will. * 4 London* nd Wtjlmirjler, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and Out Parishes in the County of Mid*

Mary, Sef. 2. c. c fHej}x an,j jn t}ie Boiough of Southwark^ and other Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality in the

the*Powaer * County of Surry? and for regulating the Markets therein mentioned,’ as relates to the Power therein

making AfTcfT. given to make Assessments for the Purpose of repairing the Highways ; as also fp much of an Act passed

n.enti for repair-in the third Year of King lPil!ia?n and Queen Mary, (intituled, 4 An Act for the better repairing and

mgihqHigh- 4 amending the Highways, and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods)’ as relates to the Highways;

5 W

