268 C. 51. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766,

From and after and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present

Libert* Yvenof ^ar^amfnt assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the first Day of July, one

coore*ingVfrom thousand seven hundred and uxty-six, no Cocquet or Bond shall be required by any Officer or Officers of

Ports of the Customs, or others, from the Master or Owner of any Hoy, Vessel, or Boat, or any other Person, for

Southampton carrying or conveying any Kind of Goods, Ware?, or Merchandizes, from the said Ports of Southampton

nJ Portrmoofh an(j Portsmouth to the Port of Cowes in the Isle of IVlght, which arc or shall not be prohibited to be exported

Co Its iruh* ^rom Great Britain to Foreign Parcs, nor liable to any Custom or Duty to his Majesty, his Heirs or Succcf-

isle of Wight, ^ors» on the Exportation thereof j nor shall any such Cocquet or Bond be required for carrying or con-

Coods not liable veying Sheep, provided the fame be carried in open Boats or Hoys, nor any other Kind of live Cattle

to Duty on Ex (Horses and Lambs excepted) between the said Port of Cowes and the said Ports of Southampton and

portion or and Portsmouth, or either of them j any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise not-

prohibited to be

exported; and Wlthftdnding.

of Sheep and Cattle, without Cocquet* taken, or Bond entered into for the Purpose.

Chuse in Act

5 Geo. y c. 39.

. Powe- granted

byA& 29 Car. 2.

c. 5. for taking

Affidavits, See.

extended to the

lHe of Mao.

Power given to

appoint Ports

and Places for

/hipping and

landing Goods

in the Me of

Man;

to be under the

Regulations,

Penalties, and

Forfeitures men-

tioned in AO 13

Sc 14 Car. t. See.

Penalties to he

sued for, Sic. as

by Act 5 Geo. 3

C.39. u dirctieJ.

f

4 II. And whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for more ejfeSlually

4 preventing the ATfchiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce tf/'Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and

4 clandestine Trade to and from the Isle of Man, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That the fevetal

4 Offences therein described may be enquired of, examined, heard, and determined, in any County within

4 this Kingdom, in such Manner and Form, and by the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as if

c the fame Offences had been therein committed: And whereas it is necessary, in order to carry thelnten.-

4 tion of the said Act into effectual Execution, that some proper Person or Persons resident in the lfle of

4 Man should be impowered to take Affidavits in the said Bland, concerning causes or other Matters which.

4 may be depending, or do in any wise relate to any Proceedings which may be bad in pursuance of the

4 said Act, in any of the Courts in Great Britain \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority afbrefaidj That

from and after the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, an Act made in the twenty-

ninth Year of the Reign of KiCharles the Second, intituled,4 An Act for taking Affidavits in the Coun-

4 try to be made use of in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer,r and all the Powers

therein contained, shall extend, and the fame is and are hereby declared to extend, to the Isle of Man, ia

as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as it the said Isle of Man. had been expressly

named in the said last recited Act of Parliament; any Law, Custom, or Usage* to the contrary not*

withstanding.

4 III. And whereas the ascertaining the Ports, Members, and Creeks in the Isle of Man, where Good*

and Merchandizes maybe exported and imported, and the fveral Quays,. Whaifs, and other Places,

4 where the fame may be laden or put on board any Ship or Vessel for Transportationr or unladen or un-

4 shipped upon Importation, may tend greatly to the increasing of his Majesty’s Revenues of Customs and

4 Excise, and to the Benefit of the fair Traders of this Kingdom and Ireland\ be it therefore enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-

fix, the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall and may, from Time to Time, by Commission oc

Commissions from the Court of Exchequer in England, assign and appoint all such Ports, Members, Creek',

and Places, in the said Isle of Man; as shall be lawful for the landing, discharging, lading, or shipping of

any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, into or from the said Isle of Man; and by virtue thereof to fetdowa

and appoint the Extents, Bounds, and Limits of every such Port, Member, Creek, Quay, Wharf* or

Place, in the said Island; after which Appointment so made, all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes whatfo-

ever, imported into, exported from, or carried Coastwise bn the said Island, shall be landed and discharged,

laden and shipped, at such Ports, Members, Creeks, Quays, Wharfs, and Places, in the like Manner, and

under the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are mentioned in an Act made in the thirteenth and four-

teenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, 4 An Act for preventing Frauds, and rc-

4 gulating Abuses, in his Majesty’s Customs,’ or in any other Act of Parliament in Force In Great Britain,

with respect to Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, landed and discharged, shipped and ladeo, in this King-

dom; to be sued for, prosecuted, and divided, in like Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures incurred

in the said Isle of Man, may be sued for, prosecuted, and divided, by virtue of an Act made in the last Sef-

fion of Parliament, intituled, 4 An Act for more effectually preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue

and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine Trade to and from the Isle

4 of Man.*

CAP. LI.

An Act for indemnifying Persons who have incurred certain Penalties inflicted by an Act of

the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Scamp Duties in the British Colonies and

Plantations in America \ and for making valid all Instruments executed or inrolled thereon

unftamptd Paper, Vellum, or Parchment.

Preamble, recit- g

log Chuse* in f

Atf 5 Geo. 3.

C. 12.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An At7 for granting and

applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America,

towards further defraying the Expences of defending, protesting, and securing, the fame; and for amending such

Parts of the everal ASls of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies and Plantations,

^.oooote

