194 C. 24. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

of any Ground belonging to any Church, Church Yard, or Chapel; such Owners or Occupiers, and such

Church or Chapel Wardens respectively, shall be no longer liable to be charged to any Rate or AssessTment

for and on account of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements; or

for or on Account of such Church, Church Yard, or Chapel, by virtue or in pursuance of such former Acts,

or any of them.

LX VII. And, for the more effectually putting this ACi in Execution, be it further eriaCled by the Autho-

rity aforesaid, That upon and after the first Sunday after the first General Meeting of the said Commission*

ers, there shall be paid to the Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, to be nominated and ap-

pointed, by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, be-

fore any Cattle or Carriage shall be permitted to pass on a Sunday through any or either of the Turnpikes

here under-mentioned, or through any Turnpike to be ereCted, by virtue of this or any other Act or Ad*

Toll* oq Sun- of Parliament, near the fame; videlicet, The Turnpike at Symond’s Corner, in the Parish of Lambeth; or at

<!*)«. any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, to be ereCted between the said Place and the Stones End in

Blackman Street; the Turnpike at Newington Butts; any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, to be

erected between the Road called The New Roady at the End of Kent Street, and Saint George's Church ;

any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, to be ereCted at or near Starr Corner, in the Parish of Ber-

mondsey \ any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, to be ereCted between a Place called Dock Head and

Folly Bridge \ the following Tolls; videlicet,

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaifc, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by fix us more

Horses, the Sum of ten Pence.

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calafii, or other Carriage, drawn by four horses, the

Sum of eight Pence.

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calalh, or other Carriage, drawn by three or two

Horses the Sum of six Pence.

And for every Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by one Horse, the Sum of three

Pence.

For every Horse Mule, or Afs, not drawing, the Sum of one Penny.

See,

Distrefi may be

fold after four

Day*.

Commissiooera

tmy erect Turn-

Which said respective Sums of Money shall and may be demanded and taken in the Name of and for a

Street Toll, over and above, and exclusive of, all other Tolls which are or shall be authorized to be taken

and collected upon or on account of the said Roads, or any of them: And the said Commissioners, or any

five or more of them, are hereby impowered by themselves, or by any Person or Persons by them, or any

five or more of them, thereto authorized at a General Meeting, to levy the Toll, hereby required to be

paid, upon any Person or Persons who shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the fame

as aforesaid, or to deny or hinder any Passage through the said Turnpikes respectively, until Payment there-

Toll* may be of which said Toll mall and may be levied by Distress of any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, upon

levied byDiftrcfs, which the Toll is by this Act imposed, or upon any of the Goods and Chatties of such Person or Persons

who oughtvto pay the fame; and all such Horses, Cattle, or Goods, may be detained until such Toll, with

the reasonable Charges of such Distress, shall be paid: And it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so-

distraining, after the Space of four Days after such Distress made or taken, to fell the Horse or Horses,

Cattle, Goods, or Chatties, so distrained, rendering to the Owner or Ownert thereof the Overplus upon

Demand, after Satisfaction of the said Toll, and the reasonable Charges in and about making such Distress,.

Keeping and Sale, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at a General Meeting, if they shall think proper, at any

p*e» and Toll- Time or Times, to cause to be ereCted any Turnpike or Turnpikes, at or near the respective Places afore-

oucs* mentioned, for the Purpose of collecting the several and respectiveTolls hereby made payable; and alfota

be ereCted or provided a Toll-house at or near each Turnpike 5 and, from time to time, to remove or alter

the fame, as they the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think expedient.

Turnpikes al- LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it

ready ere«ed, shall and may be lawful for the several and respective Receivers and Collectors, and other Persons, to be

thcVuVofeVof aPP°*nted by virtue of this Act, to receive and collect the several Tolls hereby made payable; and they

ibis aS.°CS ° are hereby authorized and impowered, for the Purposes of this Act, without the Lett, Hindrance, or Mo-

leftation, of any Person or Persons whatsoever, to make use of all or any the Gates, or Turnpikes, and,

Toll-houses, already ereCted, or hereafter to be ereCted or continued by virtue of any Act or Acts of Par-

liament, at or near the respective Places whereat any Toll is hereby authorized to be taken; so as such

respective Receivers, Collector?, or other Persons, do in no wife hinder or interrupt the trail fading

of any Business or Purpose, for which such Turnpikes and Toll-houlcs were respectively ereCled or

provided.

Street Tolls to be LXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons.

pid but once a fba]j ^ liable to pay the said Street Toll more than once for pa fling or repairing, at any Time or Times,

on the fame Sunday as aforesaid, with the fame Cattle and Carriage; but that all and every Person and Per-

fons, after having paid such Toll once as aforesaid, shall, during the Remainder of such Day, pass Toll-

free, with respect to the said Street Toll, with the fame Cattle and Carriage, through the Gate or Turn-

pike at wh’ch any such Toll was paid, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of such

Toll; which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the said Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on Re-

ceipt of such Toils.

4 LXXI. And

