320

C. 37*

Anno feptimo Georg 11 III.

A. D. 1767.

fame shall be so paid; the Account of which last mentioned Receipts and Payments shall be yearly audited

and allowed by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City ; and the said several Books (halt

remain in the Chamber of the said City of London, to be perused and inspected gratis by any Person or

Persons at any Time or Times (Sundays or other Holidays excepted) in the Forenoon, between the Hours

of ten and twelve.

Common Coon. LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall andtmay be lawful to and for the said

cii iropowered ^|ayor. Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby authorised and ini-

pdwered, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint such and so many Clerks and other Officers under

them as shall be necessary to be employed in or about the Execution of all or any the Purposes aforesaid ;

and out of the said Monies to be raised by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, to make such Allowances to

the said Clerks and Officers respectively, for their Care and Pains in the Execution of their respective Of-

fices, as they shall think reasonable; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any

to appoint Of-

ficer!.

Offiem concern*

way

Monies.

City answerable

ift case of any

mi (application

by them.

Amerciaments,

rays notwithstanding.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Officer and Officers, or other Person or Persons

^MonCRe» pt w^alever> concerned, or to be concerned, in the Receipt of any of the Sums of Money by this Act appro-

tjive Security, priated to the Uses aforesaid, before he or they shall be admitted to take upon him or them the Execution

of any of the said Office or Offices, shall be bound with sufficient Sureties to the said Mayor and Com*

monalty and Citizens, for the just and faithful Execution of such Office or Employment, in such reasonable

Sum or Sums as by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall be thought fitting, having regard to the

Trust reposed, or to be reposed, in such Officer or Officers.

Penalty on Offi- LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Chamberlain of the said City of London, or other Officer

ccrsmisapplying or Person aforesaid, shall, after Receipt of any of the said Monies, divert or misapply the fame, or any

any of the said part thereof, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; then such Chamberlain or other Officer,

or Person aforesaid, so diverting or misapplying the said Money, shall forfeit Treble the Sum so misapplied ;

which said Forfeitures shall be recovered by any of the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said City,

claiming under or by virtue of the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary,

or by the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of any of them, who shall sue for the same by Action of

Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record, wherein noEftoin, Protection,

or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, mall be allowed.

LXV. And be it further enacted. That if any of the said Sums by this Act appropriated, or any Part

thereof, shall happen to be misapplied or converted to any other Use than as aforesaid, by the said Mayor

and Commonalty and Citizens of London, for the time being, or any of their Officers, or any other rer-

fori, by Colour of any Warrant or Authority by, from, or under them; then, and in fuen Cafe, the

said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens mall be answerable for the fame, out of the Revenues of

the said Corporation, in any Action to be brought by any of the said Creditors, their Executors, Admini-.

strators, or Assigns; which said Sum so recovered shall be applied to the same Uses as the fame Sums (if

tiot misapplied) should or might have been 3 excepting the Costs of Suit, which shall be to and for the Be-

nefit of him, her, or them, u> suing.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Amerciaments, Fines, Issues, or Distrefles,

ciV 7oTeVhH- the said Corporation of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, had, charged, or levied, in

cable to thcUfes or upon account of such Suits or Actions brought, shall be applied to the Uses aforesaid, and to no other

of this Art, Use whatsoever; nor shall the fame be pardoned, acquitted, or discharged, by any Letters of Signet, Privy

end not to be Seal of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or otherwise howsoever; any Law or Usage to the contrary

di (charged, &c. notwithstanding.

Chamberlain to LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Chamberlain of the said City of London, for the time

lay Accounts be- being, shall, within the first Session of the next Parliament, lay before each House of Parliament an Ac-

count of the Surplus which shall have arisen between the twenty-fourth Day of June9 one thousand seven

annua y. hundred and sixty-seven, and twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year one thousand seven hundred and,

fixry-eight, cf and from the said Fund established by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King

William and Queen Mary, and in Part further continued and augmented by the said Act of the twenty-

first Year of King George the Second and this present Act, and how much of the said Surplus shall have

been applied to the Payment of the said respective Principal Sums, and how much of such Principal Sums

shall then remain unpaid ; and also, an Account of the Disbursements within that Time of the said Sum

of oqe hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, or of so much thereof as shall have then been raised and

borrowed ; and also an Account of the Receipts of, and Payments out of the said Tolls, within the same

Time ; and shall, in each succeeding Year, lay before each House of Parliament, the like Accounts for the

Year ending the twenty-ninth Day of September then last past.

Bonds, &c, LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Bond, Note, Contract, Agreement, AC-

directej by this signment, Entry, Copy, or Proceeding, by this Act directed or authorised to be executed, made, or given,

fbic wTih^nyC charged or chargeable, or subject or liable to any Duty whatsoever.

Duty. ___

Tins Art not to LXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be

assert any of the construed to extend, to lefl’en or affect the Security of any of the present Creditors of the said Mayor and

City s present Commonalty anc| Citizens, further or otherwise, than is herein exprefily directed and enacted.

LXX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought, or

Suit commenced against any Person or Persons for any T hing done in pursuance of this Act, or in rela-

tion to the Premisses, or any of them, every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought within fix Ca-

lendar Months next after the Fad done, and shall be laid or brought in the said City of London, and not

elsewhere;

Creditors

Limitation of

Artions.

le

