646 C. 9.

Anno declmo Georgii III,

A.D. 1770*

Kdiduc to he ap- greater Part of them, shall dire£F; and Xhall yearly and every Year make up an Account of all such

pl ed for the Be- Money, and the Expenditure .thereof, and deliver the farAfcto the Colonel or Officer commanding such

cement,t&c, as Regiment or Battalion, to be by him examined, allowed, &i)d signed; which Account so allowed and

the Field officers signed shall be, and it is hereby directed to be, the proper Voucher and Acquittal of such Clerk, for thf

and captains dull Application and Disposal of such Money.

direct. Account of the said Sums to be made up yearly. See.

Money allowed VII. And be it enacted, That the Money hereby directed to be issued for the contingent Expences of

Exp^nceTof"in- *ach ^dependant Company of Militia, shall be, in like Manner, applied to the particular Use of such

dependant Com-respective Independant Company by the Captain thereof; and mall yearly, and every Year, be-in like

panics to be ap. Manner accounted for to the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County or Place to which such

plied and ac. Indepejidant Company shall belong ; whose Allowance of such Account shall in like Manner be the pro-

counted for by per Voucher for the Expenditure and Disposition thereof.

Commanding VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer commanding every Regi-

Officer* to trans-ment. Battalion, or Independant Company of Militia, which shall be raised and trained pursuant to the

*>it to the Audi-Laws now in Force, shall, and they are hereby respectively required, from Time to Time, within Thirty

toros thcExcbe. j)ayS after the exercising of every such Regiment, Battalibn, or Independant Company shall be finished,

ti^officcrTand Pursuant to the Directions of the Laws now in being in that Respect, transmit to the proper Auditor of His

Private Men in- Majesty’s Court of Exchequer a compleat Return, signed by such Officer commanding, of the several

rolled, and serv- Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, who were actually inrolled, and did serve in

ingat the annualcvery such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company, at the Time the fame were so exercised as

Eaeraie. aforesaid, in like Manner and Formas is required to be made to One of His Majesty’s Principal Secrc-'

taries of State.

Clerk to retain

Money in his

Hands for his

•wn Salary.

When the Ld.

Lieuts. or De-

puties shall have

IX. And be it enaQed, That the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk may and shall retain to his own'

Use, out of the Money so by him received, such further Sums as shall complete the Allowance herein'

before made for his Salary.

X. And be it further enacted. That whenever His Majesty’s Lieutenant, or any Three or more De-

uiich ijjju u4vc puty Lieutenants of any County, Riding, or Place, shall have fixed the Days of Exercise for the Mili-

fixelTth^Days^f tia, he or they shall, as soon as may be, certify the fame to the Receiver General of such County, Rid-

Exercise, ing, or Place, specifying the Number of Men, and the Number of Days such Men are to be absent from

they are to cer- Home on account of such Exercise; and such Receiver General is hereby required, within Fourteen

the Receiver-0 Days a^ter Receipt of such Certificate, to issue and pay to the Clerk of the several Regiments or Bat-

generaf,CCfpedfy-ta^ons> at the Rate of Seven Shillings and Sixpence per Day for the Captain ^of each Company,jtnd at

ing the Number the Rate of Three Shillings and Six " '

of Mm and Days each Ensign ; and also at the Rate

»aii be ab-(jition Qf Sixpence per Day for eacl. — ...w — -----—,

Receiver-general* Number of Days such Officers and Men shall be jibfent from Home onjiccount of such^ Exercise; and in

toiirtse there-

upon Pay for

Officers and

Men to the Re-

gimental Clerk,

Sec.

Sixpence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of Three Shillings per Day for

__________ _ ite of One Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, with the Ad-

they shall be ab- djtion Qf Sixpence per Day for each Corporal of the Militia, so to be called out to Exercise, for the

such Counties where there shall be Independant Companies only, the Receiver General of each such re-

foe&ive County shall issue and pay to the Captains of the Independant Companies, at the Rate of Seven

Shillings and Sixpence per Day for each Captain. Three Shillings and Sixpence per Day for each Lieu-

tenant, and Three Shillings per Day for each Enngn ; and also at the Rate of One Shilling ter Day for

each Private Militia Man, with the Addition of Sixpence per Day for each Corporal of the Militia, foto

Where there shall be called out to Exercise, for the Number of Days such Officers and Men shall be absent from Home on

be independant account of such Exercise ; and the said Regimental or Battalion Clerks are hereby required forthwith to

Companies only, p3y to each Captain of the said Regiments or Battalions, the Proportion of Pay belonging to each Cap-

r«ai l^mkfue tain, and likewise the Pay belonging to their respective Companies.

Pay to the Captains, according to the Rate here set down. Clerk to pay over the Money to the respective Captains.

Captains tomake XI. And be it further enacted. That the Captain of each Company shall make up an Account of all

up the\r Account Monies received and paid by him on account of such Exercise, according to the following Form;

according to the

iollo wing Form ;

County of Dr. Per Contra Cr.

To Cash received of

the Regimental or Bat-

talion Clerk, or

Receiver General [as the V

Cafe shall be) for

Days Pay of , Men

By my Pay as Captain

Paid Lieutenant

Paid Ensign

Paid Militia Men?

Days 5

Paid additional Pay to )

Corporals Days J

to be signed by

them, and coun-

terfigned by the

Comtv.andingOf-

ficer,

. and delivered,

withtbe Bounce,

Durirg the Time

the Tmops are

emb and

«al\6d out into ac-

Which Account shall be signed determined by the said Captain, and countersigned by the Commanding Officer; and

such Captain shall, within 'Fen Days after the Time such Exercise is fimshed, deliver such Account, and

pay the Balance, if there be any due, to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk; or, if Captain of an Inde-

pendant Company, to the Receiver General: And such Accounts shall be allowed as sufficient Vouchers

in the passing of the Accounts of such Receiver General, at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer.

to the Cieik, or Kcc-iver-general. Accounts allowed sufficient Voucher*.

* XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Com-

pany of Militia, is or shall be embodied, and called out into actual Service, and thereby the Officers anJ

Private Militia Men are or shall be intitled to the fame Pay as the Officers and Private Men in His Majesty’s

other

