A.D. 1*766. Anno (exto Georgii III. G. 47.

c portation into this Kingdom of any Foreign Spirits is limited to Vessels of one hundred Tons at the

4 Icaft; And whereas it v(ould be of great Convenience to Trade and Navigation if such Exportation to

4 certain Places, and (qch Importation, were to be allowed in Vessels of lets Burthen than one hundred

4 Tons;' be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-

fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, any British made Spirits may be exported

as Merchandize from this Kingdom to Africa and Newfoundland, in any Vessel not being of less Burthen

thaa seventy Tons; and any Rum and Spirits of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture, of the Brit/Jij

Sugar Plantations, may be exported from this Kingdom as Merchandize to Africa, Ireland, and

foundland\ in any Vessels not being of lefr Burthen than seventy Tons; and that any Rum or other Spirits

of the Growth and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations, may be imported or brought into this

Kingdom in any Vessel of not less Burthen than seventy Tons; all which Exportation and Importation

iball, in all other Respects, be made under and subject to the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations,

Limitations, Restrictions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, in the said Acts con-

tained reflectively, and not otherwise.

CAP. XLVII.

259

6 Geo. 3« c. 40.

7 Ge#. 3.

c* 45»

From anj after

24 pine, 17^6,

Brin^ marie

Spi ns allowed

:o be exported j

and Runn and

Spirits of* the

British Sugar

Plantations, to

be exported, or

importrd, in

Veffrls nrt less

than 70 Toni

Burthen,

An Act for laying additional Duties on certain Spirits imported; and for prolonging the Time

allowed by Law for lodging and keeping in Warehouses Rum and Spirits imported.

NtfHEREAS the Importation of Foreign Brandy^and Spirits hath of late confiJerahfy increased^ Prejmble.

u.v, inipuiiauvii vr* iuiv.jrn uiauuy ailU upjiua U4UI VI

. . to the Prejudice of the Trade of his Majesty *s Dominions :* Therefore we, your Majesty’s most

dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, most humbly be-

fetch your Majesty, that it maybe enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of July, one

thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, the following additional Rates and

Duties of Excii herein after-mentioned; that is to say, For every Gallon of Single Brandy, Spirits, or

Aqua Vitae, imported into Great Britain from beyona the Seas, not being the Produce of the British)

Colonies or Plantations, to be paid by the Importer before landing, six Pence; and for every Gallon of

Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, above Proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported into Great Bri-

tain from beyond the Seas, not being the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, to be paid by the

Importer before landing, one Shilling,

The following;

adriirioiul Dutifl

on Foreign Spi-

riruom Liquort

to take p'?ce

from and after

1 July, 1766;

vit. 6 J. per

Gallon on Single

Brandic*, Ac.

Sc is. per Gal-

lon on Double

Brandies, Ac.

to be paid before

landing.

II- And, for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, railing, levying, and securing, the said addi- The Duties to

tional Rates and Duties, and preventing Frauds therein; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, be under the

That such of the Rates and Duties as are hereby imposed upon the said Spirituous Liquors imported into Rpc,»pt ®nd

England, IVaUi, or the Town of Berwick uponTweed, shall be under the Receipt and Management

the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty’s Revenue of Excise in England for the time being; and £0*ercf

that such of the said Rates and Duties as are hereby imposed upon the said Spirituous Liquors imported ccr* of Exufej

into Scotland, shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and OlHcers of Excise

in Scotland for the time being; and the said respective Commissioners, or the major Part of them, have

hereby Power, by Commission under their respective Hands and Seals, to constitute and appoint under

them such Officers as shall be necessary in that Behalf; and that all the Monies arising by the said addi- ana to be paid

tional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, or any Part thereof (the necessary Charges of raising and into the Exche-

accounting for the fame excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s qu.er*rnd

Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be applied in such Manner as the Duties laid on Brandy, Spirits, and

Aqua Vitre, by an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the -3 W

Second, for preventing the excessive U(e of Spirituous Liquors, by laying additional Duties thereon, and 1

for other Purposes, are now appropriated and applied.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the additional Rates and Duties by this an! to be a for.

Art granted, shall be ascertained, charged, collcded, raised, levied, and secured, in furh and the fame tainrh lcvicd*

M inner, and under such Regulations, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are granted, prescribed, former*!)*

and appointed, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, with respect to the Rates and Dutiesupo^he*

formerly granted upon the Importation of the said Spirituous Liquors. Lid Liquors,

4 IV. And whereas by an Act paflld in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Racial of

4 Cc*ge the Second, to impower the Importers or Prop: ictors of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Cla",cs in

4 Plantations, to land the fame before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge 15 Gco'2#’

the fame in Warehouses at their own Expence, and for other Purposes, it vc.is enacted, That from and

4 Vter the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand ieven hundred and forty-two, all such Rum or

4 Spirits of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the British Sugir Piamarion*, as should he

4 imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain directly from the said Sugar Plantations, or any of them,

4 upon the Entry thereof, might forthwith, and before Payment of all or ;mv Part of the Duty of

4 Excise charged upon the fame, be landed from on bo»rd the Ship or Vessel in which the fame

€ should be so imported, and carried and put into such Watchouse or Warehouses as should be for

L 1 a 4 that

