A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. C. 19. 545

c of th: Office of the Accountant-general of the fald Court 5 a further Provision is made for the Support and

4 Maintenance of the said Office, by directing a certain Payment to be made, in the Manner therein

1 mentioned, to the said Accountant-general’s Third Clerk for his Salary, in Lieu of, and in Recom-

pence for, all Fees whatsoever: And whereas since the passing the said last-mentioned Act, the Money

and Effects belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, under the Care and Direction of the said Ac-

4 countant-general, are greatly increased; by reason whereof the necessary Business of the said Office is

4 grown so extensive ana laborious, that the Provisions made by the said Acts are become inadequate to

the Attendance, Trouble, and Importance, of the said Office, and insufficient to answer the Charges

4 attending the Execution thereof: Wherefore, in order to make a further Provision for the said Office/

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Loris trp j,y olJt/Upon

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Ocvcmrmnt Se-

the fame. That out of the Cash that now lies, or shall hereafter lie, dead and unemployed in the Bank curium, to,orol.

of England belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, a Sum not exceeding Twenty thousand ^(h!

Pounds shall and may, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Purpose,

from Time to Time, be placed out in One entire Sum, or in Parcels, in such Government or Parlia- 1

mentary Securities as in and by such Order or Orders shall be directed; to the Intent that the Interest and to rtanje

and annual Produce arising from the Money so to be placed out as aforesaid may be applied for the Pur- *he

poles herein after mentioned; and that the said Court of Chancery may, by Order or Orders of th? said . mCT*

Court, from Time to Time, change the Security or Securities in which the said Monies shall be so placed

out, as the said Court shall think expedient.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Interest and annual Produce arising from the said Securities

shall, from Time to Time, be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and ^Bimk and

placed to the Credit of the fame Account which was raised in the Books kept there^ for the Suitors of thepuCcdto the

said Court, by virtue of the said Act herein before first mentioned, of Interest arising frorp Money placed Suitor* Credit

out in pursuance of the said Act; and that out of such Interest and annual Produce there shall be paid, ont of which

by quarterly Payments, the annual Sum of Four hundred and sixty Pounds; which Payment shall be46oi. per A^n.

made by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the is to hr paid i«

Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose; videlicet, To the Accountant-general of the Court of SaUriesi vi*

Chancery, the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds j to his First Clerk, the Sum of Fifty Pounds ;

his Second Clerkj the Sum of Forty Pounds; and to his Fourth Clerk, the Sum of One hundred and raj.

twenty Pounds; which said Salaries shall commence from the Eighth Day of Aprils in the Year,of our First cieik 1

Lord One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, and shall, together with the Salaries appointed by the 40I. to Hi* Sc.

said Act herein before mentioned, be free from Parliamentary Taxes, and in Lieu of, and in Recom pence c,ej*»

and Satisfaction for, all Fees whatsoever which from that Time shall or would be due or payable to the FouitrcJt'rk i

said Office by the Suitors; and that the Refiduc of the Interest and annual Produce arising from the said me item Tum,

Securities shall be accounted for as herein after mentioned. and in Lieu of all

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared. That if at any Time hereafter the Whole #FpfS*

or any Part of the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands r^t, htTo*°

of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery; then, and in such Cafe, the said Court may and shall direct Account.

the fame, or any Part thereof, to be called in, or the Securities in which the fame shall be placed to be the whole

dispofr d of; in order that ihe Suitors of the said Court may at all Times be paid their respective Demands any Part of the

out of the common and general Cash belonging to such Suitors. laid Sum, be

IV. And whereas the Interest arising from the Securities purchased in pursuance of the said before ^anfwn

4 recited Acts of Parliament, and also from the Securities purchased in pursuance of another Act of Par- Court

4 liament passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An At1 to impower ihemzj't*u it in.

4 High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities, a Sum of Money therein mentioned, out of Act 5 Gen. ill,

the common and general Cash in the Banks England belonging to the Suitors of the said Courts and to apply Thc Surplus In-

the Interejt arising therefrom towards augmenting the Income of the Mafiers of the said Courts is more than lhc

4 sufficient to pay and satisfy the Salaries directed to be paid by the said Acts be it further enacted, ” p£ib.

That the Surplus Interest that hath arisen, and shall or rhay arise, from the Securities purchased and to be anee of there-

purchased in pursuance of the said Acts of Parliament, and of this present Act, together with the Interest cited Asti,

that.shall be produced from the Securities to be purch afed with such Surplus Interest, shall or may, by to^p|ace<j0ut

any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to be made for that rurpose, from Time to Time, by Order of the

be pl.ccd out on Government Securities; and that the Interest or annual Produce arising from the said Court

Securities shall, from Time to Time, be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng-

landa and so much thereof as shall arise from Securities to be purchased with the Surplus Interest, pro- j^bTre-

duced and to be produced from Securities purchased in pursuance of the said Acts of the Twelfth Year^f^ by°the

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Bank, and car*

present Majesty, and to be purchased in pursuance of this present Act, shall be placed to the Credit of an r»e<* to Account.

Account, to be raised in the Books kept at the Bank for the Suitors of the said Court, of Securities ptir-

chafed with the Surplus Money placed to the Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out in pur-

fuance of an Act of Parliament pafl’ed in the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second ;

and so much thereof as shall arise from Securities to be purchased with the Surplus Interest, produced and

to be produced from Securities purchased in pursuance of the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, shall be placed to the Credit of an Account, to be raised in the said Books kept in.

Vol. X. 4 A the

