AS2 C. 10, ii, 12,13, Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768s,

CAP. X.

An Act to enable His Majesty to licence a Playhouse in the City of Bath.

Tremble. 4 'WHEREAS a licensed Playhouse is math wanted in the City of Bath: May it therefore please Your

6 hT.j :fty that it may be enacted j* and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act of Parliament which patted

Cliure in act 10 *rn the Tenth Year of His late Maj city’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much of an

mat^c *n Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Atl for reducing the Laws re-

ihscity 01'fjtb. ^airiS to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, in One All of Parliament; and for the mere effec-

tual p uni fifing fuel? Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars', and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought U

be frity as relates to common Players of Interludes; whereby all Persons are aifeharged to represent any

' En ertainment of the Stage whatever, in virtue of Letters Patent from His Majesty, or by Licence of the

Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Household for the Time being, except within the Liberties of Wcfi-

minster, or where His Majesty is residing for the Time being, be, and the fame is hereby, repealed, with

The Crown im- respect to the said City of Bath; and that it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs, ana Suc-

feuerlVucnt^or ce^ors? to Srant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or Playhouse within the said City, which shall

eaa^h>npCn a°f intitled to all Privileges, and subjected to all the Regulations, to which any Theatre or Playhouse

'i 1.cure within in Great Britain is intitled and subjected,

Uie laid City*

CAP. XI.

s"62c-^ ^c-An Act for further regulating the Proceedings of the United Company of Merchants of Eng-

land trading to the East Indies, with respeifl to the making.of Dividends.

jGeo. 3. c. 24, 10 Ceo. 3.C. 47.

Preamble. 4 TTJ HEREAS it was found necessary, in the Iaft Session of Parliament, for securing, as welf

4 W the permanent Interest of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East

4 Indies, as the State of Credit both Private and Public, from the Mischiefs which mult have enfted

from an improper and improvident Increase of the Dividends of the said Company, that the said Com-

pany should, for a Time, be restrained from making any farther Increase of their Dividend, beyond

the Rate at which it then stood payable, and to which it had then lately been encreased: And whereat

the Time, for which such Restriction was then laid, did expire at the Beginning, of this present Session

4 of Parliament: Now, for as much as the farther Interposition of Parliament, for tKe fame salutary Pur-

No Increase of4 pose, is at this Time neccirary,’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

Dividend, beyond with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

3ot.per Ciet.per meilt alVembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it (nail not be lawFul for any General Court of

tionlt anyGe- Lid Company, at any Time before the First Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and

rerUCouitofthcftxty-nine, to declare, or resolve upon, any Increase of Dividend beyond the Rate of Ten Pounds per

Company before Centum per Annum, being the Rate of the present Dividend.

Jl teb%

CAP. XII.

An Act for thp-Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore. EXP.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of K\r\gWiUi<ift

the Third, intituled, An All for granting an Aid to His Majesty for difbandirtg the Army, and other necej-

Jary Occasions, as relates to the Number of Troops to be kept upon the Irish Establishment.

preamble recitr4 WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Ma-

“GwmfmAa< jetty King William the Third, intituled An Act fer granting an Aid to His Majesty for disfbanding

JQ 1 ’ 4 the Army, and other necessary Occasions 5 it was enacted, That immediately, from and after the Twenty-

4 sixth Day of March, One thousand six hundred and ninety-nine, all the Regiments, Troops, and

4 Companies, Officers and Soldiers, within the Kingdom of Ireland, should be disbanded, except such

4 Regiments, Troops, and Companies consisting only of His Majesty’s natural-born Subjects, notex-

4 ceeding Twelve thousand Persons, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, as, before the

4 Tenth Day of April, One thousand six hundred and ninety-nine, should be particularly expressed by

4 Proclamation under the Great Seal of Ireland, in the Manner therein directed: And whereas the Pub-

€ lick Service of these Kingdoms doth require, that some Part of the Troops, kept on the Establishment

f Ireland, should be employed towards the necdTary Defence of His Majesty’s Garrisons and Plan-

a 4 tatioas

Gjooooie

