’Anno nono Georgii III,

CAP. XXXVIII.

A.D. 1769,

618 C. 38.

}\jt TV. L-t:j

C'tKirg R,j-;v S;, k*

S*e iWi M*

frf. 2. c. 4. t. 5,

s/cro.VctV An Act for further encouraging the Growth and Culture of Raw Silk in His Majesty’s Colo-

G.o. i.c. io. nies or Plantations in

23 Geo. 2.c. 34*

P.eambie. 4 *ITT HER EAS the giving further Encouragement to the Growth and Culture of Raw Silk in His

* W Majesty’s Colonies and Planta i ns in America, will he a great Advantage to the Trade of the

* said Colonies, and tend to the further Improvement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom be it

V e-miurmallow therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and wi:h the Advice and Consent of the

rdenti rltrport*. Lor(js Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

Tl!o7*L'T r*y of the fame. That fresh and after the First Day of January, One th ufand seven hundred and seventy.

Raw Si)k of the all and every Person of Persons who shall import or cause to be imported into the Port of London, dire£Hy

Growth of the from the BritiJJj Colonies or Plantations in America, in any Ship or Veil'd, Ships or Vessels, that may

Erjtjfh Colonic* lawfully trade to His Majesty’s Plantations, manned as by Law is required, any Raw Silk of the Growth

r |A™7cle*V Z or lhe Colonies or Plantations, shall have and enjoy, as a Reward or Premium for such

ico 1.°"value Importation, the following Sums (that is to say) for every Hundred Pounds Value of such Raw Silk, to

thereof imeoned be afcci tained as is herein after mentioned, the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, and so in Proportion for any

fiom iJ<*m77o. Quantity of greater or lefl'er Value, from the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred ani

to 1 yn[ l77yj seventy, to the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven ; for every Hundred

fueimpor ted from P°u nds Value of such Raw Silk, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and so in proportion for any Quantity of

,777, to greater or lesser Value, from and after the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and

ijan. 17S4; seventy-seven, to the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four ; and for every

151. tot like Va- Hundred Pounds Value of such Raw Silk, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, andfoin proportion for anyQuan-

tity of greater or Idler Value, from and after the said First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred

ijln* 17913 ° and eighty-four, to the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; under such ’

J Regulations as are herein after mentioned : To be paid upon Demand to the Importer of such Raw Silk

to be pa'd cut of by the Receiver General of the Customs, the Collector or other proper Officer of the Port of London, out

th- Cuitoms. of the Customs,

^Id^inArreHca* Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to intitle the

^lorccieat^ngoutImp°rter and Importers of Raw Silk to the Premium granted determined by this Act, every Merchant or other Person

ot theVttfci, that or Persons whatsoever who shall, after the said First Day of January, One thousand f.vcn hundred and

t!ie Silk flapped seventy, load any Raw Silk on board any Ship or Vefl'el in any of the British Colonies or Plantations in

u of thcGrowth America, shall, before the clearing out of the Ship or Vefl'el from thence, make Proof on Oath before the

oneofVhe Bri- ^°fle&or and Comptroller of the Customs and Naval Officer at the Port or Place where such Raw Silk

xuh Cuiomci 5 shall be put on board, or any Two of them, that the Raw Silk which he, flie, or they, hath or have

shipped on board such Ship or Vefl'el, (expressing the Quantity thereof) is bona fide of the Growth and

Culture of feme or One of the British Colonies or Plantations in Ame rica, and speccifying the Colony of

♦ Colonies, Plantation or Plantations respectively, of which it is the Growth ; winch Oath the said Col-

lector and Comptroller of the Customs and Naval Officer, or any Two of them, are hereby required and

aoi t Certificate impowered to administer without Fee or Reward ; and the Master, Commander, or other reifoR, taking

ti thLM^?’ Charge of the Ship or Vessel, on board which such Raw Silk shall be loaded, shall also bring with him a

•alT^chtdf Certificate or Certificates from such Collector and Comptroller of the Customs and Naval Officer, or any

ea<h Bak, Two of them as aforesaid under their Hands and Seals of Office (which Certificate or Certificates such

with the Natnn Collector and Comptroller of the Customs and Naval Officer, are nereby required and direfled to grant

ana Places of a-without Fee or Reward) expressing the Marks, Number, Tale, and Weight, of the Raw Silk in each

fcmtCr°f and Per- Parcel, or other Package whatsoever, so shipped or loaded on board such Ship or Vessel; with the

Ions* whofaiJ * Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, of the Exporter or Exporters thereof from the said British

have made Oath Colonies or Plantations in America, and the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode* of such other

as aforesaid, «nd Person or Persons who shall have sworn the Goods therein mentioned to have been of the Growth and

10whomfuchSiik Culture of the said British Colonies or Plantations in America, and the Name or Names of the Person or

Londmf ia^tobe Personsto whom the fame are consigned in the Port of London ; which Certificate or Certificates the said

brought over by Matter, Commander, or other Person, taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall, on his Arrival in the

the Master of th« said Port of London, deliver to the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of His Majesty’s Customs

Vciw, and deli- at the said Port at or before the Entry of the said Raw Silk ; and at the fame Time shall make Oath before

HrOfficer^oftheanY ^nc .them the said Collector, Comptroller, or Chief Officer of His Majesty’s Customs (whoare

Customain Lon- hereby required and impowered to administer the fame without Fee or Reward) that the said Bales and

don before Entry Parcels, and Goods contained in such Certificate, are the fame Bales and Parcels, and Goods, as were

made of such Silk taken on board in the said British Colonies or Plantations in America.

there $ and be ii also to swear to the Identity of such Silk.

Mteri ^FoISta ^ • And lt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and

Result, under a^cr l^c First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, make, or cause to be made,

the Denomini* an Entry or Entries of any Foreign Raw Silk under the Name or Description of Raw Silk of the Growth

*>a of that on or Culture of any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America $ or shall mix, or cause to be mixed,

2 airy

