The TITLES of the STATUTE 9.

Me*>, and Pulse, free of Duty, into this Kingdom,

from any Part of Europe \ and for allowing the Impor-

tation of Oats and Oat Meal, Rye and Rye Meal, into

this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty; and

also fop continuing such other Laws as will expire be-

fore the Beginning of the next Session of Parliament.

SECOND SESSION.

H AN Act to prohibit, for a further Time, the Expor-

tation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread,

Biscuit, and Starch; and also the Extraction of Low

Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Flour.

a. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty

certain Duties upon Malt, Mum* Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred

and.sixty-nine«

3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Dtefcrfion; and

for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An Act to allow for a further Time the free Importa-

tion of Rice into this Kingdom,* from hb Majesty’s

Colonies in North Anuria*.

J. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and fixfy-nkie.

б. An Act for the more eflfeftually preventing theclan-

destine Importation of Foreign Spirits; and for ex-

plaining such Part of an Act made in the fifth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Pe-

nalties inflicted upon Persons selling Ale, Beer, or other

Exciseable Liquors by Retail, without Licence; and for

taking away certain Powers granted by former Acts, for

punishing Persons convicted of retailing Spirituous Li-

quors without Licence.

7. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore.

8. An Act for repairing, improving, and better preferring

of the Harbour and Quay of Jr ells, in the County of

Norfolk*

9. An Act to continue an Act made In. the eighth Year of

the Reign of his present! Majesty, intituled, An Act to

continue and amend an Act made in the fifth Tear of the

Reign of his trefent Majesty, intituled, An Act for Im-

portation of Salted Beef, Fork, Bacon,.and Butter, from

Ireland, for a limited Titne; and for allowing the Im-

portation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter,

from the British Dominions in America, for a limited

Time.

10. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and

watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Parish and Bo-

rough of New JVindfor, in the County of Berks, and for

preventing Nufances and Annoyances therein.

11. An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the

seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of King JViUrchn

the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing

Plate into the Mint to be coined, and for the further re-

medying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom, as restrains

any Person keeping an Inn, Tavern, Alehouse, or Vic-

tuailing-house, pr felling Wine, Ale, Beer, or any

other Liquors, by Retail, from publickly using any

wrought or manufactured Plate, or any Utensil or Vessel

thereof, except Spoons; and for putting an End to

Prosecutions commenced for Offences against such Part

of the said Act.

12. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within

the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further

Time for that Purpose$ and to indemnify Members,

and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough

Towns, whose AdmiiTiors have been omitted to be

stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped,

have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time

to provide Admissions duly stamped.

13. An Act for the better paving* cleansing, lighting, and

watching, the Liberty of St. Martin It Grand, within

the City and Liberty of JVejhninster, in the County of

Middlesex$ and for preventing Obstructions and An-

noyances therein#

14. An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in

Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, inti-

tuled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Tear ont thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine ; and for

securing and preserving Duplicates of AfWFments, and

other Papers relating to the Land Tax.

15* An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine.

16. An Act to amend and render more effectua! an Act

made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King

fames the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet

) of the Subjects against alt Pretences of Concealment what-

joever.

17. An Act for enabling Kts Majesty to license a Play-

house in the City of York; and in the Town and County

of the Town of Kino ft on upon Hull.

1®. An Act for amending and further continuing an Act

of the sixth Year of his present MajestyV Reign, inti-

tuled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his

Majesty s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this

present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for p uni fil-

ing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment

of the Army and their Quarters.

19. An Act to impower tKe High Court of Chancery to

lay out, upon Government Securities, a further Sum

. of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out

of the common and general Cash in the Bank of Eng-

land belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to

apply the Interest arising therefrom towards answerrng

the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General

of the said Court*

20. An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace in the Gc-

rreral Quarter Sessions of their respective Counties and

Divisions to repair the Shire Halls, County Halls, or

other Buildings, wherein the Assizes or Grand Sessions

are usually held.

21. An Act for the more effectua! paving, cleansing,

lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and

publick Passages, in the Town of Gainjburgh, in the

County of Lincoln ; and for laying a Duty on aH Coals

brought to the said Town to be sold, and for applying

the fame to such Purposes.

it. An Act to amend, and render more effectual an Act

passed in the seventh Year of his present Majestyviritituled,

An Act for pavinz the Streets, and other Places, in that

Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph A legate which lies

in the County tf/Middlesex ; and Part of a Street, called

East Smithneld, in the Precinct of Saint Catherine ; and

for clean ling, lighting, and watching the fame, and pre-

venting Obftrttdlions and Annoyances therein.

zy. An Act to amend and render more cfivftual an Act of

the twenty-eighth of his late Majesty, for the better

enlightening and cleanhng the Open Places, Squares,

Streets, Ixmes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within

the Pari (he of Saint Bartholomew tJye Greats London, and

regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the

said Parish \ and for impowering the Trustcer, in the

c

