iu»nt Co the Di-

of the

f.id A£U fines

rhe raid 25

March, I732,

are indemnified.

Further Time al

616 C. 37. Anno nonp GaofiGii III. A. D. 1769.

?on uch of an Act That so much of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of £he Reign of His late Majesty King George the

i2 Gw. l.c. 35' First, intituled, 4 An Act to prevent Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles, and to ascertain the Di-

4 menfions thereof, and to prevent all unlawful Combinations amongst any Brickmakers or Tilemakers,

4 within Fifteen Miles of the City of London, in order to advanceor enhance the Price of Bricks or Tiles

and so much of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled,

and of A& S

Geo. 11. c. 15,

and of Act ; « London, in order to advance or enhance the Price of Bricks or Tiles \ and also so much of an Act paffird

in Force on,0/ Third Yeafof His said Majesty’s Reign, intituled, € An Act for amending the Acts therein men*

B5 March, 1732/ tioned, relating to the making of Bricks,' as were in Force and capable of-taking Effect upon the Twen-

«re revived, and ty-fifth Day of Mat cb> One thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, shall, from the Twenty-fifth Day of

further continued December, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, b$ revived, and have Continuance from that Time

to25Dec. 1769 j ^ the Lnd of the next Session of Parliament.

•nd Persons who II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace,

hare acted pur- Searcher and Searchers, and every other Person or Persons whom foe ver, who shall haveafted in any Cafe

pursuant to the Directions of the said A.fts, or either of them, since the said Twenty-fifth Day of March,

One thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, shall be, and he apd they is and are hereby indemnified, freed,

and discharged, from and against all Trespasses, Pcpajties, and Forfeiture? whatfocuer, which they or any cf

them shall or may have incurred by reason thereof.

III. 1 And whereas divers Persons may have omitted to cause Affidavits to be made.and filed in thepro-

lowed to Person* * R£r Offices, of the actual Execution of Contrafts of Clerks to Attprnies and Solicitors, within the

who have omitted * Times limited by Law. and may be in Danger of, incurring certaii) DisabilLties by such Gmission

to make and file be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and everyPerson and Persons who have omitted

Affidavits of the to ^ause such Affidavit or Affidavits to be m^de and fijed as aforesaid, and who shall on or before the First

Fx^ut'onofCon-Day of Michaelmas Term, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-njiK, cause one or more Affidavit or

AirwniMand Affidavits to be made and filed in such Manner as is directed by the Laws in being, shall be, and are hereby

«*ltc*wrs. indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Difnbili-

ties, in or by any Act or Acts of Parliament mentioned, incurred, or to be incurred for or by reason of any

* Neglect or Omission in causing such Affidavit or Affidavits to be made out and filed, in such Manner as is

required by the Laws in being ; and such, Affidavit or Affidavits so to be made and filed as aforesaid, shall

be as effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been made and filed within the rcipeclive

Times limited by the Laws in being for that Purpose.

IV. And, for the Relief of any rerfon or Persons who, through Neglect or Inadvertency, havcomitted

to pay the several Rates and Duties, or any Part thereof, upon Monies given, paid, contrafted, or agreed,

for, with, or in relation to, any Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, who have been put or placed to or

with any Mailer or Mistress, to learn any Profession, Trade, or Employment, and to have such.Inden-

tures, or other Writings, which contain.the Covenants, Articles, Contrafts, or Agreements, relating to

the Service of such Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant, stamped within the Times by the several Aftb of

Parliament for those Purposes respectively limited, or w.ho have also, in like Manner, omitted to insert

and write, inWords at Length, in such Indentures, or other Writings, as aforesaid, the full Sum or

Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, or agreed

or contrafted for, with, or in relation to, every such Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant, as aforesaid, be it

PuitherTimeil- enacted, That upon Payment of the Rates and Duties upon Monies, or such Part of such Monies so ne-

lowed for payingglc£[cd Qr omitted to be paid, as aforesaid, on or before the First Day of Se'ptnnbcry One thousand seven

AC ?cmTceF«s burred and sixty-nine, to such Person or Persons to whom the fame ought to be paid, and tendering the

•nThuving the* foid Indentures or other Writings to be stamped at the fame Time, or at any Time on or before the Twen-

Ird'-nfuies ty-ninth Day of Sejisttiber^ One thousand seven hundred and ilxty-nine (of which timely Notice is to be

given in the London Gazette) the fame Indentures or other Writings shall be good and available in Law or

Equity, and may be given in Evidence in any Court whatsoeverj and the Clerks, Apprentices, or Ser-

vants. therein named, shall be capable of following and exercising their respective intended Trade or Em-

ployment, as fully as if the said Rates and Duties, so omitted, hadbeen duly paid, and the full Sum or Sums

received or agreed for, as aforesaid, had been inferred ; and the Persons who have incurred any Penalties

by the Omissions aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from the said Penalties ; any Thing in

the said former Acts to the contrary notwithstanding

V. 4 And whereas several Bills commonly called Exchequer Bills, several Tickets commonly called Lot-

tery Tickets, several Orders and Certificates made forth in lieu of the said Lottery Tickets, and like wife

for Annuities of divers Kinds, payable at or near the Receipt of His Majesty*s Exchequer; as also

several Receipts of the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or some of them,

for Monies contributed there for the Purchase of Annuities transferable in the Books of the said Gover-

nor and Company, or for other Monies, payable there in pursuance of Acts of Parliament, have by

Casualty or Mischance keen loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed 3 which Exchequer Bills, Lottery

Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders of the respective Denominations

aforesaid, were made forth by and in pursuance of several Acts of parliament in that Behalf;’ be it

' ‘ 3 thereto!*

JUmpt.

