342 C. 42. Anno feptimo Georgr 1 III. A. 1^1767.

gic£H»g or re- neglect or refuse so to do, he or they shall forfeit the like Sum of five Pounds respectively: And in case

fUfnukew^fe' no ft all be returned, or the Person so nominated and appointed stall not take upon him the said

If no Li ft be* re- Office, or stall die in the Execution thereof, the said Justices, or any two of them, {hail and may nomi-

tumcd, or the nate and appoint such Person or Persons as he or they stall think proper to execute the fame: And if the

Persons refuse to Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, Churchwardens, Surveyors of the Highway, and such House-

f-e, or cein holders as aforesaid, of any Parift, Townftip, or Place, stall neglect or refuse to make such Lift as afore-

Tuft ices are j<, e ^a*d > or ^the Constables, Head boroughs, or Tythingmen, of any Parift, Townftip, or Place, or some or

Appoint such at one of stem* stall not return the said Lift of Names when made, and give such Notice or Notices, and

they think, serve such Warrant or War ants, as in this Act is directed ; every of them, so neglecting or refusing in any

proper. of.the said Cafes, stall, for every such Default respectively, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings.

.4.0 s. Penalty

on not making, or returning, such Lists, or giving due Notice, &c. to the Parties.

Where a Choice II. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if two Parts out of three of the Persons so to be

bemadcof act'emhled in any such Parift, Townftip, or Place, for the Nomination of Surveyors as aforesaid, shall

!and Experience* * a£ree m fte Choice of any particular Person of Skill and Experience to serve the said Office of Surveyor for

•to serve, with a such Parift, Townftip, or Place, and in the settling of a certain Salary for his Trouble therein, to be al-

S alary feu led for lowed as hereafter directed, and stall return the Name of such Person, together with the Lift herein before

.his Trouble, and directed, to the Justices of the Peace at their laid Sessions, to be held on the first Monday in October as

b^>«: returned, aforesaid, or within fifteen Days after ; that then, and in every such Cafe, it stall and may be lawful for

The said Justices, if they shall think proper, to appoint such Person to be Surveyor for such rarift. Town-

justices/if they ship, or Place; which Surveyor so appointed stall, in all Respects, have the fame Power and Authority*

.think proper, and be liable to the fame Penalties and Forfeitures for Neglect of Duty, as if he had been chosen and ap-

appoint pointed from the Lift to be returned as aforesaid : And the said Justices stall likewise, in their Discretion,

a allow°such such Salary, so settled as aforesaid (such Salary to be paid out of the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Com-

Salary poiition-money, to arise by virtue of this Act, within the Year ensuing).

.fame to be paid out of the Penalties, Arc.

♦lo Tree of Bush III. And be it further ensiled. That no Tree, Bust, or Shrub, shall be permitted to (land or grow In

•to be allowed to any Highway within the Distance of fifteen Feet from the Center thereof; but the fame stall be cut

tv^in i^Feetof down, grubbed up, and carried away, by the Owner or Owners of the Land or Soil where the fame

■the Center of the doth or stall stand or grow, within ten Days after Notice to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Stew-

Highway, on ard or Agent, given, by the said Surveyors, or any of them, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect, the

: ForfeitureoflOJ. Sum of ten Shillings.

iby the Owner.

Regulations to IV. And be it further enacted, That the Pofleflors of the Land next adjoining to anjr Highway shall*

be observed by from Time to Time, and at all Times, keep their Hedges plashed, cut, or pruned, right up from the

-the PofieUbrs of R00tS) so as no Tree, Bust, or Shrub, belonging to such Hedge, shall stand or grow in, nor any Bough or

Joining to any B^nch any ft0*1 Tree, (except of Timber Trees, and Trees not being Pollards) be suffered to hang

Highway, with over, any Highway, not bein* thirty Feet broad ; and that Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, of a sufficient

«respe& to*keep* Depth and Breadth for the keeping all Highways dry, and conveying the Water from the same, shall be

ing their Hedges, made, scoured, cleansed, and kept open, and sufficient Trunks, Tunnels, Platts or Bridges, shall be made

pitches. Drams, an(j |ajj where any Cartways lead out of the said Highways into the Lands or Grounds adjoining thereto*

'Tru^nkT^un- by the Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds ; and every Person or Persons who shall occupy*

cnebj, Platts, or any Lands or Grounds adjoining to, or lying near, such Highway through which the Water hath used tc*

!B ridges, in pro- pass from the said Highway, stall, and is hereby required, from Time to lime, as ofte'n as Occasion shall

per Order} and be, to open, cleanle, and scour, the Ditches, Watercourses, or Drains, for such Water to pass without

a!iCMCUplCrl Obstruction; and that every Person making Default in any of the Matters or Things aforesaid, after ten

<CrLJnds76 Days Notice to him, her, or them, given of the fame by die said Surveyor or Surveyors, shall forfeit the

Penalty on Dc- Sum of ten Shillings.

fault, jos.

.No Stone or V. And be it further enacted. That no Person or Persons shall lay in any Highway any Stone, Timber*

f_h'f Matter'° Straw, Dung, or other Matter; and no Person making, scouring, or cleansing, such Ditches or Water-

Hiihway- 0" Soi' courses, shall permit the Soil or Earth dug out of such Ditches, Drains, or Watercourses, to remain in such

-OfDitcher; to Highway, in such Manner as to obstru£t or prejudice the fame, for the Space of ten Days; and every

.he ©bflroaion Person or Persons offending in either of the said Cafes, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Suiq

«t Prejudice Qf ten Shillings,

thereof, on Pc-

julty of job. ;

*nd where any VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Stone, or any Hay, Straw, Stubble, or other Matter, for the

orbing, not here- making of Manure, or oa any other Pretence whatsoever, not tolerated by this Act, shall be laid in any

by tolerated shall Highway, within the Distance of fifteen Feet from the Center thereof, whereby the fame shall be anyway*

be so laid withm obstructed or annoyed, it stall and may be lawful for the Owner or Possessor of the Lands adjao nt.

Center, °the* or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to clear the said Highways, by removing the said Stone*

•Owner*of the Hay, Straw, Dung, qj: other Maaer, and tQ have, take, and dispose of, the fame, to his, and their

ifajacent Lands own Use.

jnay remove, and

VII. An4»

^

