The TITLES of

lying and being in the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets,

Lordships, Precinfb, and Territories, of Sutton, Gan-

/lead, Swine, Benningholme, Benningholme Grange, and

Fair holme. North Skir/aug, Rowton, Arnold, Riston,

Leven, Heigholm, and Hallytree Holme, Brandes Burton,

and Burjhall, Efke, Tickton, IVeel, Routh, Meaux, and

Waghen, otherwise Watvn, in Holderness, in the East

Riding of the County of

7*5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

'Fields, Common PaSures, Common Grounds, Heath,

and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of

Harlejlont, in the County of Northampton.

?6. An Adf for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable

Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Laighton BromJ-

otherwise Laighton EccUfia, in the County ol

Huntington.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Lands,

Meadows, and Free Commons, in the Parish of

thorpe, in the County of Lincoln.

78. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain

Lands, Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of

Cottingham, in the East Riding of the County of

79. An Acct for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

Meadows, and Commons, within the Lord ship of Rat-

clijf'e Culey, in the County of Lticester.

80. An ASt for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Common Grounds, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within

the Manor and Lordship of Kingjlhorpe, in the County

of Northampton,

8/. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Lands, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, Common Grounds, Heath, and

Walle Lands or Grounds, in the Hamlet or Township

of Ryton, otherwise Ruyton, in the Parish of Bulkington,

in the County of Warwick,

82. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Common Fen, and other Com-

monable Places, in the Parish of Bickar, in the County

of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the same.

83. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of

Lincoln, in Trustees; and to enable them to appropriate

the Rents and Profits thereof, and also certain Sums of

Money (subject to the Trusts declared by the Will of

Sir Michael Wharton Knight, deceased) for the Augmen-

tation of the Revenues of the Curacies of the late Col-

legiate Church of Saint John, in Beverley, in the County

of Fork j and for erecting an Organ in the said Church,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

84. An Act to enable Richard Burton Esquire, and his

JjTue, to bear and use the Surname and Arms of Phil-

Upfon, pursuant to the Will of John Phillipson Esquire,

deceased.

85. An Act for naturalizing Godhard Sutthoff, John Peter

Cornud, Renira Bentinck, Aymerc Mavit, Ju/tus Blanch-

enhagen, Francis Mern t, and John Abraham Haldimand.

86. An Act for naturalizing Laurence Char let] on,

87. An Adf for naturalizing Peter Facon, and John Janies

Tcurntifen.

88. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Edmund

Morton Pleydell Esquire, in the Counties of York and

Lincoln, in Trustees, to he fold; and for laying out the

Money to arise by such Sale, in the Purchase of other

Lands, to be settled to the like Uses.

89. An A<£t for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadow, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in

the Parish of Balder ton, in the County of Nottingham,

the STATUTE S.

90. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, and Commonable LanJs, in the Parish

of Adder bury, in the County of Oxford.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, and

Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Little EE

ling ham, in the County of Norfolk,

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common,

Parcel of Waste Ground, or Moor, situate in the Li-

berty of Darby, in the County of Derby, called Darlty

Common.

93. An Act for draining and preferring Stretham Common,

in the file of Ely, and County of Cambridge; and for

impowering the Com mill! oners for putting in Execution

an Act for,the effectual Draining and Preservation of

Water beach Level, in the County of Cambridge; anti to

eltablish an Agreement made between the Lord of the

Manor of Wain heath cum Denny, and the Commoners

within the said Manor, to raise a Sum of Money to pay

the Dcbrs owing upon the Credit of the said Act.

94. An Act for naturalizing Peter Dclaroche, and John

James le Chevalier,

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 7 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to continue an Act made in the fifth Year

jr\ of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An

Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and

Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time,

2. An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the last

Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing

certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations,

granted by several Acts of Parliament \ and also the Duties

tmposed by an Act made in the la/i Session of Parliament

upon certain East India Goods exported from Great Britain ;

and for granting other Duties instead thereof; and for

further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several

Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, (2nd the nritish

Dominions in America, as relates to the Exportation of

non-enumerated Goods from the British Colonies in

America.

3. An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exporta-

tion of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Bilcuif*

and Starch; and also the Extraction of Low Wines and

Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour.

4. An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat and

Wheat Flour from his Majesty’$ Colonies in America^

into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

5. An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat and

Wheat Flour from any Part of Europe into this King-

dom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

6. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty cer-

tain Duties upon Male, Mum, Cyder, and Petty, for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

sixty-seven.

7. An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have aeled

for the Service of the Publick, in advising or carrying

into Execution the Older of Council of the twenty-

fix th Day of September lait, for laying an Embargo on all

Ships laden with Wheat or Wheat Flour; and for pre-

venting Suits in consequence of the said Embargo.

8. An Act for allowing the Importation of Oats and

Oat-meal. Rye and Rye*meal, into this Kingdom, for

a limited T ime, free ot Duty.

9. An Act for obviating Doubts which have aiifen with

reipedt to so much of an Act made in the full Year of -

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled (An Act to

amend an Act pffed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign if

C ?. King

