A. D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. C. 17. 461

within their respeflive Jurisdictions, at any Time within three Months after the committing of such Of-

fence, shall be committed to the^House of Correction for the County or Place where the Offence shall be

committed, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, there to be kept to hard Labour, or to

•the Common Gaol, for any Time not exceeding Two Months, nor less than Fourteen Days, at the Dif-

cretion of the said Justices.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices impow.

Justices of the Peace within the Limits aforesaid, and they are hereby required, on Information upon Oathere^.to caI1 Wit-

made before them, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, that there is Reason to suspect that any Person or^eraon Sufpi-

Persons using, exercising, or following, the Business of a Mailer Taylor, or Journeyman Taylor, within Hon thnt the a-

the Limits aforesaid, hath given, paid, allowed, or received, greater Wages or Allowances than afore- bove Regulation

said, at the Request of such Informant, to issue their Summons in Writin g signed by any such Two»sbrokcthrough.

Justices, requiring any Clerk, Foreman, Apprentice, Servant, or other Person or Persons employed or

retained by such rerfon so suspected to have offended, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, whose*

Attendance such Informant shall think necessary, for the Purpose of giving Evidence in the Premises, to

attend such Justices, or some other Two Justices acting for such County or Place, at a Time and Place

in such Summons to be specified, to testify concerning the Premises; and if any such Pei Ion so summoned,

shall not attend, and Proof shall be made of the Service of such Summons, either personally, or by leaving

•the fame at the Jail or usual Place of Abode of such Person, it shall be lawful for such Two Justices, or any

other Two Justices of the Peace acting for such County or Place, and they are hereby required (unless a

reason able Excuse be made for such Non-attendance, to the satisfaction of such Justices; to issue their War-

rant under their Hands and Seals* for the apprehending and bringing'him or her before them, or some other

Two or more Justices of the Peace a£ling for such County or Place, to be examined touching the Premises

in the said Information contained; and if any such Pei Ion so attending, or being brought before such

Justices, shall refuse to be examined, or give their Tellimony touching the Premises in such Information

contained, such Person shall by the said Justices be committed to the House of Correction, there to remain

until he or she shall fubinit to be examined and to give Testimony as^foresaid.

IV. And whereas, under the Provisions of the said Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King Quarter Session*

George the First, it may happen that One and the fame Rate of Wages and Allowances to Journeymen in"Undo* to

Taylors, may not be appointed and established within the City of London and tVejiminjUr, and Weekly Regulati-

Bills of Mortality, which would be highly inconvenient ana prejudicial to the Public; now to prevent0"5 ior lhc f#'

such Inconvenience, and to the End that One just and reasonable Rate of such Wages and Allowances turc\ ,

may be established within the City of London, and Five Miles therefrom, in future, subject nevertheless to

fiicfi Alterations as the Exigencies of the Times may require: be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That it shall-and may be lawful to and for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Recorder of the City of London fqr-

the Time being, at their General Quarter Sessions, or General Sessions of the Peace affemoled, and they

are hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time, upon Application being made to them for that

Purpose, to alter, regulate, order, and appoint, the Wages and Allowances to be paid or made to Jour-

neymen Taylors and Servants retained or employed, or to be retained or employed, in the Art or Mystery

of a Taylor, in the making up Mens and Womens Work within the City of London, or within Five

Miles thereof, and the Hours of Work; and shall and may, within the Spaee of Fourteen Days next afeer

the making every such Order, cause the fame to be printed, publi/hed, and made known, in such Manner

as to them shall seem meet, at the reasonable Expence of the Person or Persons applying for the fame ; and

from and after Publication thereof, ail Taylors, and their Journeymen and Servants, within the Limits

afor said, are hereby strictly required to obforve the fame, the Provisions of the said Act of the Seventh of

King George the First to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. .

V. Provided always, That advertising such Orders of Sessions thr?e Times in any Two Daily New Sufficient No-

Papers published in Lutid:n or Westmin/ler, shall for the Purposes of this A& be deemed and allowed to be tltc*

fuffeient No icj and Publication thereof.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this A& con- Providonsof this

tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to fix, controul, or regulate, the Wages or Allowances orAan tto ex-

Hours of Work, of Servants in the said Business of a Tay!or, bona Jtdey retained and employed as Fore- a^'lory

men ; or to hinder the paying or receiving further or other Wages or Allowances (not exceeding Sixpence v°rr^ ”*o*

by thi flour in Times of General Mourning, and threepence by the Hour at any other Time or Times) Hour3.'

which fh 1! be agre d upon for working before or after the Hours of Work limited or appoint'd, or to be

limited or appointed aforesaid, so as such Overwork be not at any One Time less than One Hour, and

be a&jiiPy and bona file done and performed by such Journeyman or Servant ; and so as such Retainer or

Employment, and fur. h.Agreement or Payment, be not made in Fraud of, or to elude, *he Regulations here-

in before provided wi;h respect to Wages, Allowances, and Hours of Working, settled and ascertained, or

to be settled and ascertain d as afore said.

Vil. And be it lurth r enacted b; the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fifth Penalty on

Day of M ret. One thou land foven h- ndred and sixty-eight, if any Mailer Taylor, or other Person pro- *Ial*ers emPKn-

'fcflr )g, using, or ixer iling, the Ait or Mystery of a Taylor, icfiding or inhabiting within the Limits a- L mitsUto°L

foresaid, fha1’, direilly or mJrc&ly, in any Manner whatsoever retain or employ any Servant, Journey- vade this Act.

man, or o her Person, tiling or following the Business of a Taylor, in or about the making up Mens or

Womens Work out of, or beyond, the Limits aforesaid, with Intent or Design to dude or evade this A&,

and

