A. D. 1765.

Anno quinto Georg 11 III.

C. 40.

8j

true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action

of Debt* or on the Caf.*, to pay the Value of the Debt, with full Costs of Suit, to the Party grieved, and

shall be forejudged of his Piace or Office 5 and if any such Preference be unduly'made, by any his Deputy Penalty of undue

or Cleric without Direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Cletk only shill he liable to Preference in

tu:h Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, and shall be forever after incapable of his Office or Place ; and FonrofRe?iftry

in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the said Orders of Loan, or the Cleric of the Pells Re-or FayniCat}

cord, or the 'Feller make Payment upon such Orders, according to each Person’s due Place and Order as

before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein

offending* to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, in such Manner as aforclaic! ; all which

said Penalties* Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs, to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, to be recovered i«

or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Kill, Plaint, or Informa- any,>fthe Court*

tion, in ahy of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no EiTbin, Protection, Privilege, ^cc?rdat

VVa^cr of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed. eftoun cr#

IV. Provided always, and it is declared. That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan or Orders No undue Prcfe-

for Payment as afore laid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day, to the Auditor of the Receipt to be rc- rcnrc’ whichof

gittered, then it shall be interpreted no unduePreference which of those be entered first, so as he enters

them all the same Day. ^‘SS*

arc entered firftj

V. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in Point nor if subseqoent

of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pav subsequent OJers «e p*»d

Orders, to Persons that come and demand their Monies, and bring their Orders, before other Perums that ot!,cr,not

did not come to take their Monies, and bring their Orders in Couife* so as there bj so much Money r«-co°urfc • so at

served as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, hut kept for them \ lute- MoncVbe^frrv-

rdt upon Loan being toceafc from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them, ed for ihc prccc.

dent Ordert.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be powerof Assign-

duc for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register as afore- ment, and Me-

said, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by proper Words of Alignment to be in- thod ottnrrferi

doi fed and written upon his, her, or their Order, may allign and transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, rln*of 0ldc,$*

Interest, and Benefit of such Order, to any other j which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the

Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Register aforesaid for Or-

ders (which the Officers shall upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make) shall intitle such

Assignce, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof,

and Payment thereon ; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties ; and after-

wards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons, who hath or have made such Alignment, to

make void, release, or discharge, the fame, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

VII. And, to the end there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum not to exceed in the Whole

the said Sum two million and one hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid,

or by issuing Exchequer Bills as is herein after-mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means,

for the Publick Service ; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners Tf itftull be

of his Majesty’s Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Ticafurer, or any three more ad-

or more of the Commissioncis of the Treasury for the time being, shall judge it more adviseable to raise the lile

Lid Sum of two million an 1 one hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Rills, in- r3-'e\lJ17 ™\Y

((cad of Inch Loans as aforesaid, that then they respectively are hereby authorized and impowertd at any Sum by Exche-

Time or l imes to prepare and make, or caule to be prepared and made, at the Exchequer, any Nymber ofquer R.ll«, in-

ih-w Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the said Sum of two Loins,

million and one hundred thousand Pounds, together with such Loans aforesaid, in the fame or like Man-

ner* Form, or Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Directions, as in and by a certain Act

of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, 4 An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain

* Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred

* and sixty five,’ are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of

the said Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, All Advantip«

Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, contained in the said last-men- and Penalties in

tiontd Act, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorized to be made by the fame Act (except such the M#,t

Clauses as do charge the fame on the Taxes granted by the fame Act, and except such Clauses as limit

Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act) shall be ap- nJrl Efc^*"*

plied and extended to the Exchequer hills to he paid in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to Bill* thereby -

all Intents and Purposes* as if the Lid Fx< heejuer Bills had been originally authorized by the said last- anthemed to be

mentioned Act, or as if the said several ClauLs or Provifocs had been particularly repeated and re-enacted maie so,th» ct*

in the Body of this present Act. Act*'*10 thlt

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Rills, which shall be Th<! (i\t Erche-

made in pursuance of this Act, and the Interest*} Premium, Rate, and Charges incident to, or attending q,.er B.i)i, intc-

the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out rest, and c turret,

of, the growing Produce of the said Sarplufles, Exceffis, and Overplus Monies, or other Revenues com-are to Pa,d

poftrg the Sinking Fund except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any parti- fund'

cuhr (Jfc or lifes by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Bchalt) and such Monies of the

Lid binding Fund Dull and may be issued and applied as soon as the lame can be regularly stated and afccr-

tained.

