668 C. 17,18.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

repealed,

A£i 7 Geo. 3.

disallowing a

Drawback oa

China,

repealed,

From Dec. t,

1770, no Draw-

back allowed 00

China exported,

unless packed in

Ohe Presence of a

proper Officer of

the Customi.

A.D. 1770.

the First Day of Decmler, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, so much of the said before-recited

Act as relates to the Duties thereby granted upon the respective Goods herein before mentioned, such

Goods being of the Produce and Manufacture of Great Britain, shall, in respect of all such of the said

Goods as are of the Produce and Manufacture of Great Britain, be, and the fame is hereby repealed and

made void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And whereas, in and by the said before-recited Act, it was also further enacted, that no Drawback

€ shall be allowed for any China Earthen-ware, fold after the passing of this Act at the Sale of the United

4 Company of Merchants of England trading to the EaJl Indies, which shall be entered for Exportation from

4 Great Britain to any Part of America: And whereas the allowing the said Drawback, under certain Re-

ftiiftions, may encourage and secure the immedia'e Trade of triis Kingdom with the British Colonies

and Plantations in America be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that from and after the

First Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, the said Clause in the before-recited Act

of the Seventh Year of His Majesty’s Reign, discontinuing the said Drawback payable upon China Earthen-

ware exported to America, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed and made void.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after

the said First Day of December, no Drawback shall be paid or allowed for any China Earthen-ware, export-

ed or entered for Exportation from this Kingdom, to any Place whatsoever, unless the fame shall be packed

up in the Presence of a proper Officer or Officers of the Customs appointed for that Purpose, in some Ware-

house belonging to the United Campany of Merchants trading to the Ea/7 Indies wherein the fame shall have

been lodged at Importation, and shall befent to be exported directly from such Warehouse, under the Seal

and Care of such Officer or Officers of the Customs , any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary

notwithstanding.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for preventing the Stealing of Dogs.

Preamble. c 1WHEREAS the Practice of dealing Dogs hath of late Years greatly increased: For RemcJy

whereof. May itpleafe Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and’ be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after

177* Person First Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, if any Person shall steal any Dog or Dog%

who shall flea1, of any Kind or Sort whatsoever, from the Owner or Owners thereof, or from any Person or Persons intrud-

ed by the Owner or Owners thereof with such Dog or Dogs; or shall fell, buy, receive, harbour, detain,

fell, boy, «r fle- or keep any Dog or Dogs of any Kind or Sort whatsoever, knowing the fame to have been stolen as afore-

taui any Dogj said . every such person> upon- neing convicted thereof upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or

Witnesses, or by his or her own Confession, before any T wo or more Justices of the Peace for any County,

for Fi^ Offence Rjdiryr Division, or Place, shall, for the First Offence, forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceed-

thanao? and ' ln% *rtY Pounds, or Jess than Twenty Pounds, as to such Justices shall seem meet, together with the

Charges of Con-Charges previous to and attending such Conviction, to be ascertained by such Justice before whom such

vi£bon. Offender shall be convicted: And in case such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such Justices shall con>-

Tiii Penalty and mit the Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize

OffwSpr*”be*- ^or any Time not exceeding Twelve Celendar Months, nor less than Six Calendar Months, or until the

committed0to Penalty and Charges shall be paid: And if any Person, having been convicted as aforesaid, shall afterwards

Gaol. be guilty of the like Offence, and shall be thereof convicted in like Manner as aforesaid; every such Person

person guilty of shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less

a subseijucm of than Thirty Pounds, as to such Justices shall seem meet, together with the Charges previous to and attend-

noUeVs°than*3ol *n2 Conviction, to be ascertained by such Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be so-

and Charges; convicted: Which said Penalties, or any of them, when recovered, shall be paid. One Moiety thereof to

to be pa d to in the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed; and,

former, and the upon Nonpayment thereof, such Justices shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Cor-

o °k na m nt rection> there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Eighteen Months, nor

to'be inrpnibned ^fs than Twelve Months, or until the Penalty and Charges shall be paid; and such Justices shall also ®rder

12 Months, and the said Offender to be publickly whipped, within Three Days after such Commitment, in the Town

publickly whip- wherein such Gaol or House ot Correction shall be, between the Hours of Twelve and One of the

*el* Clock.

a rCC s° efir a0 ^nd u ^urt^cr enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for any

fo/Dots^toien. One or more of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in or for any County, Riding, Division, or Place, unon

Information to him or them made for that Purpose, to grant a Warrant or Warrants to search for any Dog

or Dogs stolen as aforesaid, and in case any such Dog or Dogs, or the Skin or Skins of such Dog or Dogs,

shall upon such Search be found, to take and restore every such Dog or Dogs, or such Skin or Skins, to

Pe-fons in whose l^e Owfler thereof; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession any such Dog or Dogs,

CcPody found! Skin or Skins, shall be so found (in case it shall appear that such Person was privy to such Dog or Dogs hav-

liable to like Pc- ing been stolen as aforesaid, or that such Skin or Skins was the Skin or Skins of any Dog or Dogs stolen as

mines. aforesaid) shall respectively be subject and liable to the like Penalties and Punishments as Persons convicted

of dealing any Dog or D( gs, are herein before made subject and liable to.

justicesmaycause And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enaftecJ,

tLioiiow:ogP That all Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall beconvifted of any Offence against

