A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. C. 16,17. 667

chosen to try and determine the Matter of such Petition in Manner aforesaid; and all the Proceedings of Proceeding*

the said former Select Committee shall be void and of no Effect. to be void.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Select Committee shall come to any Resolution other

than the Determination above mentioned, they shall, if they think proper, report the fame to the House other

for their Opinion, at the fame Time that the Chairman of the said oeled Committee shall inform the Determiaa-

House of such Determination; and the House may confirm or disagree with such Resolution, and maketionofCcmpiaint

such Orders thereon, as to them shall seem proper. *»ay be reported,

and the House may trike Order thereon.

XXVI. Provided always, That if any Person summoned by the said Select Committee, shall disobey persons disobey-

such Summons; or if any Witness before such Select Committee shall prevaricate, or shall otherwise mil- ing Summons, or

behave in giving, orrefunng to give Evidence; the Chairman of the said Select Committee, by their Di-Prcvaricat»ng> w

region, may at any Time, during the Course of their Proceedings, report the fame to the House, for the^er^?ed

Interposition of their Authority or Censure, as the Cafe shall require. airman.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Select Committee shall think it necessary to whcnCommie.

deliberate amongst themselves, upon any Question which shall arise in the Course of the Trial, or upon the tee ehufctodfli-

Determination thereof, or upon any Resolution concerning the Matter of the Petition referred to them as berate, the Room

aforesaid; as ioon as the said Select Committee shall have heard the Evidence and Counsel on both Sides £ ^cleaicd.

relative thereunto, the Room or Place wherein they shall fit shall be cleared, if they shall think proper, SwromedV*

while the Members of the said Select Committee consider thereof; and all such Questions, as well as such Majority”

Determination and all other Resolutions, shall be by a Majority of Voices; and if the Voices shall be equal. Chairman to hare

the Chairman shall have a calling Voice. Vote.

XXVIII. Provided always, That no such Determination as aforesaid shall be made, nor any Qtieftion No Determinati-

be proposed, unless Thirteen Members shall be present; and no Member shall have a Vote on fuchDetcr- ^(Inx^nor an

mination, or any other Question or Resolution, whq has not attended during every Sitting of the said Membw to vot<£

Select Committee. who has not it-

x tended every Sitting.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Oaths by this Act directed to be taken in the House, shall O.th t.kcn in

be administered by the said Clerk or Clerk Alfistant, in the same Manner as the Oaths of Allegiance and ‘Jj*

Supremacy are administered in the House of Commons; and that the Oaths by this Act directed to be taken ‘h^cierk - mi

before the said Scled Committee, shall be administered by the Clerk attending the said Selcd Committee; thme before the

and that all Persons who shall be guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury in any Evidence which they shall give Srieft Commit-

before the House, or the said Select Committee, in consequence of the Oath which they shall have taken by ’*4> £r tbc,r

the Direction of this Act, shall, on Conviction thereof, incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties to

which any other Person, convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury, is liable by the Laws and Statutes jurytItcndci

of this Realm. ' thereto.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force Seven Years, and tjll the Act to tontlwrf

End of the Session of Parliament next after the Expiration of the said Seven Years, and no longer. for 7 ye“*

CAP. XVII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the Seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, in-

tituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America ;

for allowing a Drawback of she Duties of Cujtoms upon the Exportation, from this Kingdom, of

Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations j for the

Drawbacks payable on China %artben-ware exported to America; for snore effectually pre-

venting the clandestineRunning of Goods in the said Colonies and Plantations; as relates to the

Duties upon Glass, Red-lead, White-lead, Painters Colours, Paper, Paste-boards, Mill-

boards, and Scale-boards, of the Produce or Manufacture of Great-Britain, imported into *

any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America t and also to the discontinuing the Drawbacks payable

on China Earthen-ware, exported to America j and for regulating the Exportation thereof.

«1WHEREAS in and by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Preamble, rrc’t-

Act for granting certain Duties in the Britishl Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a ing Ad 7 Geo. 3.

4 Drawback of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation, from this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts of the c* 46>

Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations; for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China Earthen-ware

4 imported to America; and for mere effectually preventing the clandejiirie Running of Goods in the said Colonies

and Plantations, it was, amongst other Things, enabled, That there should be raised, levied, collected,

and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, certain Duties upon Glass, Red-lead, White-

4 lead. Painters Colours, and upon the several Sorts of Paper therein mentioned; as also upon all Paltc-

4 board. Mill-board, and Scale-board, which should be imported into any Colony or Plantation in Arne-

rica, under the Dominion of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors: And whereas the said Duties, in so

4 far as they affect the Produce and Manufacture of Great Britain, do in their Nature tend to the Prc-

4 judice and Discouragement thereof, and are therefore contrary to the true Principles of Commerce: May

4 it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and ’ be it enacted by the King's

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in the present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after After Dec. 1,

4 0.2 thci770i

