a. n.

177°.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

C.

5r<

787

* tors be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Heir who first succeeds in Heir r°cceed

the entailed Estate to the Propiietor who expended the Money, does pay all or Part of the Money be7» ”emmL^d t'orh

due on account of the Improvements made, and shall not live lone enough to be indemnified of what w°hJ c or

he pays by One Third Pant of the Rents that shall come to his Use, or to the Use of his Heirs or

Executors ; it shall be competent to his Executors or Assigns to sue the succceding Heir of Entail bl3 Ex1ecurol7 ma7r,*e

for Relief of such Part of the Money as shall not be repaid by the Third Part of the Rents which ‘^Relief, &c. °T

have come to his Use, or to the Use of his Heirs or Executors; and Relief shall in like Manner L,ke Relief to Execu-

be competent to the Executors or Assigns of every Heir of Entail who pays more than is repaid by for,cot every°Heir who

the Third Part of the Rents which have come to his Use, or to the Use of his Heirs and Executors, is not repaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Money expended in male- Money ex;CndeH in

ing Improvements upon an entailed Estate, for which a Decree shall be obtained in the Court of making improvement*,

Session, shall be made use of as a Ground of Debt for adjudging the Estate upon which the Improve- not lobenudenfe of«

meats have been made; and if any Decree of Adjudication shall be obtained against the entailed * ^loundofDcbt lor ad-

Estate for such Debts, fevery such Decree shall and is hereby declared to be void. JU atcl*

XXIV. And be it also enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That if the Heir of Entail who shall Heir of Entail fuccerd-

succeed to an entailed Efta e upon which Improvements have been made, shall have Right to a ,n8to Ef>atc uP£n w,ucI%

Claim of D.bt arid lg from the making of such Improvements as next of Kin, or by the Will or avc

Settlements of the H^ir of Entail who expended the Money ; in every such Cafe, the Claim of Debt excluded from making

shall and is her by declared to be extinguished for ever, and shall never be set up as a Debt against*Claim of Debt.

any succeed ng Heir.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Heir of Entail, against On jndpmcm obnin-d

whom a Debt is created for Improvements made on the entailed Estate to which he succeeds, shall oVbi'created ^ im-lC

refuse to pay the Money required of him under the Authority of this AS, and that Decrees shall proVCmemft

be obtained against him for the Whole of the Sum or Sums of Money of which he shall be requir- Defender to be liable in

cd to make Payment; in every such Cafe the Defender shall be liable in full Costs of Suit; and if fall Coils j if otherwise.

Decree is not obtained for the full Sum or Sums of Money of which Payment has been required. Court to award Custm

it shall be in the Discretion of the Court to award Costs of Suit to cither Party, as the Justice of Ul crc lon‘

the Cafe shall direct.

XXVI. 4 And whereas Questions may arise concerning the Amount of the Sums laid out under

4 the Authority of this AS, at a great Distance of Time, when the materia) Witnesses may be dead :

4 For Remedy whereof, and for ascertaining, in due Time, the Amount of the Sums so expended;' Heir of Entail, «fterh«v.

be it therefore enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for every Heir of Entail, after he mall have ing completed’improve-

laid out Money upon the Improvement of his entailed Estate as aforesaid, and shall have completed ments, may bring Adbon

the Improvement of all or any particular Part of such Estate, to bring, if he shall think proper, an of Declarator, &c.

Action of Declarator before the Court of Session* or a Process before the Sheriff, in which he shall and produce Evidence of

call the Heir next intitled to succeed after the Heirs of his own Body, and shall in such Suit pto- Money Did out.

duce proper Evidence of the Money laid out in such Improvements ; and the said next Heir, or any f

other Heir of Entail, shall be intitled to produce proper Evidence to set aside or diminish the said m^feree whl’t Sum

Claim: And it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Session, or for the said Sheriff, to null be a Charge oa Cue-

pronounce a Decree for such Part of the said Sum, as, by the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, cecding Heir*, &c.

is intended to become a Charge against the succeeding Heirs in the said entailed Estate; which De-

cree, if pronounced by the Sheriff, shall become final, unless carried to the Court of Session determined by Suf-

pension within Six Months after the fame shall have been pronounced ; and if pronounced by the

Court of Session, either in such Process of Declarator or Suspension, shall be final, if an Appeal is

not brought within Twelve Months.

XX VII. 4 And whereas it frequently happens that there are not, upon entailed Estates, Manfioo-

* houses and Offices suitable to the Estates, and fit for the Accommodation of the Heirs of Entail; and

4 that Manlion-houses and Offices upon entailed Estates are fometrtnes destroyed by Fire, or from

* other accidental causes, or become insufficient by Length of Time ; and it being beneficial to the ,

4 Public to encourage Heirs of Entail, in such Cafes, tc> build Houses and Offices suitable to their M^nfiou-house *T. to*

4 Estates, and fit for the Accommodation of their Families ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority be a Creditor tofucceed-

aforesaid, That every Heir of Entail who lays out Money in building a Mansion-house or Offices, or »ng Heir forThree

in repairing or adding to the Mansion-house or Offices upon his Estate, shall be a Creditor to the Fourth Pjru°fthe

next fuccectling Heir of Entail for Three Fourth Parts of the Money expended by him. 1

XXVIII. Provided always. That the Sum or Sums of Money laid out by any One Heir of En- but the *• not

tail, in the building a Mansion-house or Offices, or in the repairing or adding to the Mansion- cxcc'd 4 Year!Rr”r*

houses or Offices, shall not, in any Cafe whatever, be effectual to constitute a Claim against the fuc- caJ> c‘ c’

ceeding Heir of Entail for more than Two Years Rent of the said entailed Estate, after Deduction

of all Publick Burdens, Life Rents, and Interests of Debts, which may affett the said Estate, as the

fame shall happen to be at the First Term of Whitfund:y after the Deatlvof the Heir who expended

the Money claimed.

XXIX. Provided also. That the Proprietor of the entailed Estate, who lays out the Money, shall, Vroyuctot^ hying ot

previous thereto, give Notice in Writing to the Heir of Entail next intitled to succeed to the said to»:'e ^ cc»

'Estate after the Heirs of his own Body ; and record Copies of the fame, together with the Accounts

of the Money expended, and the Vouchers thereof, in the Sheriff or Steward Court Books of the *ndrecofd Copie* ihwc-

County within which the Mansion-houses and Offices are situated, in the Form and Manner aboveut*

directed with regard to Monies expended in making Improvements upon entailed Estates.

5 H 2 XXX. And

