C. 2(3*

Anno nono Georgii III

A.D. 1769

GAP. XXVI.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

WHEREAS many Persons, by Losses and other Misfortunes, are rendered incapable of paying

their whole Debts; and though they are willing to make the utmost Satisfaction they can, and

1 VT-"” 5t many them are able to serve His Majesty by Sea or Land, yet are detained in Prison by their

2 & 7 Ann. c. 16. Creditors, or have been forced to go into Foreign Parts out of this Realm: And whereas such unhappy

6 C^o. c, 22. 4 Debtors have always been deemed the proper Objects of publick Conipaffion; and, by fev.-rul Acts of

ii Geo.c. at. c Parliament, have been discharged on the Conditions in such Acts mentioned: For the Relief therefore

a Geo. a. c. 20. « Gf Inf0lvent Prisoners and Fugitives who shall comply with the Terms contained in this Act to be rc-

21 Geo. 2.c. 7i/ spectively observed by them, and faithfully discover, upon Oath, and deliver up and assign, all their

28 Geo. 2! c. 13.4 Efi'efts and Estates whatsoever for the Benefit of their Creditors; and to prevent, as far as possible, the

aq Geo. 2 c. 18.4 many Frauds and Abuses which, in a great Measure, have obstructed the good Ends of such Acts;* be

1 Geo. 3.C. 17. jt enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

5 Geo. 3. c. 41. ptual an(] Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That from and after the parting of this Act, all and every Gaoler, or Keeper of any Prison, in any

AlphabettcalLifti C°unty, Riding, Division, City, T own, Place, or Liberty, within this Kingdom, shall, is, avd are

of p^ifonersTn hereby reauired to make a true, exact, and perfect Lift, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of ail

CustoJv for Debt and every Person or Persons who, upon the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hun-

*1129 Sep\1768,dred and sixty-eight, was or were, or at any Time since have been, and at the Time of making out every

crtince then; such Lift mail be, really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners, in the Custody of any Gaoler or~Gaoler$, or

Keeper of any Prison respectively, upon any Process whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage,

with the Time Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, Contempt, or otherwise, and an Account of the Time when such Fri-

when charged, foner or Prisoners was or were respectively charged in Custody, or received in Prison, together with the

andatwhofeSuit:Name or NamiS of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Prosecution such Prisoner or Prisoners is or

The fame to be are detained; and shall deliver the fame to the Justices of the Peace at their First or Second General or

delivered!* to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held after the First Day of June, One thousand seven hun-

Quartei-sessions. dred anc| sixty-nine, or at some Adjournment thereof, for such County, Riding, Division, City,- Town,

Place, or Lioerty respectively.

The Warden of II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of His Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, and Marshal of

the Fleet, and the King's Bench Prison, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such Lift of Prisoners in their respec-

Kin^*Bench* *ve ta^e an Oath in the open Court of such General or General Quarter Section of the Peace,

Prison! n> take or at f°mc Adjournment thereof, to the Effect following; (that is to say)

the following

©ath «n deliver* T A B upon my Corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and

Ug in their Lilli.« J[ declare. That all and every Person and Persons, whose Name or Names is or are inserted and con-

4 tained in the First Part of the Lift by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the bell of

4 my Knowledge and Belief, upon the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and

4 sixty-ei,;ht, really and truely Prisoners, in actual Custody, in the Prison or Gaol of [injert the Name 2/

the PrisonJ at the Suit or Suits of the several Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; and also

that all and every Person and Persons whose Name or Names is or are inserted or contained in the Sc-

4 cond Part of the said Lift now by me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have, since the said Twenty-

4 ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, been committed or surrendered

4 to the said Gaol or Prison of [injert the Name of the Gaol or PrisonJ at the Suit or Suits of the several

4 Person or Persons therein respectively mentioned; except such Person or Persons who is or are in such

4 Lift particularly mentioned and described to have died, been discharged, or removed to some other Pri-

4 son, by Process of Law, since the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred

, 4 and sixty-ei^ht; and aHo except such Person or Persons who is or are in such Lift particularly mention-

4 ed and described to have been permitted to have gone out of the said Prison, by Day Rulesv of the Court

4 of fCommon Pleas or King's Bench, as the caje shall be] since the said Twenty-ninth Day of September,

4 One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, to transact their Affairs; and also except such Person or

4 Persons who is or are therein also particularly mentioned and described to have, upon the said Twenty-

4 ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundren and sixty-eight, or since, been in the Rules of

the said Prison [of the Fleet or King’s Bench, as the Cafe shall be] by Leave of the [Warden or Marshal

4 of the said Prison, as the Cafe shall be J and have, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, really and

4 truely, ever since continued^ and remained in actual Custody in the said Prison [1of the Fleet or King’s

4 Bench, as the Cafe shall be] or the Liberties thereof, at the Suit or Suits of the several Persons in the said

4 Lift refoeftively mentioned [and if any Prisoners havey since the said Twenty-ninth Day of Scptemer, One

4 thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, escaped out of either of the said PriJ'ons j then injert, except [in/rt

the Name or Names of the Prisoner or Prisoners who have efcapedJ who, without my Knowledge, Privity,

4 or Consent, hath or have el japed out of the said Prison of and that the said Lift i$a

4 truey exact, perfect, and just Lift of all such Perfrns who were really and truly Prisoners- in actual

1 Cuilpdy

578.

Preamble.

Former A£to.

