3°4 C. 33, 34, 35.

Anno septimo Georgii III, A.D. 1767#

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act. to inforce, in that Part of Great Britain called the Execution of an Act of

the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties upon

Windows, and Lights \ and for granting to his other Duties upon ,

and Lights; and for explaining the said Act.

nd *6 Geo. 2

c. 17.

The Poweri and

Directions, &c,

in the recited

A& of 26 Geo.

2. where not al-

tered by the re-

cited Act of the

last Section, to be

carried into Ere*

cution in Scot-

land, with re-

spect to the Du-

ties on Houses,

Windows, and

Lights there,

granted by the

said Act of 6

Geo. 3. from

10 Oft. 1766.

All Proceedings

PreambV, recit-

ing Aftd Geo. 3.

C.38.

And whereas the Rates and Duties thereby granted were directed to be raised and levied in such Manner

% as the Duties hereby repealed were directed to be raised and levied by the several Acts therein men-

4 tioned, except with respect to such Particulars wherein the said Act of the last Session of Parliament

4 had altered the fame: And whereas Difficulties have arisen with, respect to the raising the said Duties

4 upon Houses, Windows, or Lights, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by reason that

4 an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more

4 effectual levying of the Duties upon Windows or Lights, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland* is

4 not mentioned or referred to in the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament j* be it therefore

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses*.

Matters, and Things contained in the said Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of his said late Majesty

Reign, for the more effectual levying, collecting, and paying the Duties therein mentioned, in that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland (except such as are varied by the said Act passed in the last Session of

Parliament, or by this Act) shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution*

throughout that rart of Great Britain called Scotland, for raising, levying, collecting, and paying, from

the tenth Day of Octobery one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, the several Duties upon Houses*

Windows, and Lights, by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament, granted* as fully and

effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame, or the like Powers, Authorities, Rules, Direc-

tions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been particularly repeated and re-enacted

in the Body of the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament; and that all Acts and Proceedings

iif any have been) for raising and levying the said Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights, in that

*art of Great Britain called Scotland, granted by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, agreeably

to the Provisions made in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, {hall

be valid and effectual 3 and all Persons concerned therein shall be, and are hereby indemnified in

respect thereof.

already bad for raising the said Duties, declared valid ;

4 IL And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether Commissions and Warrants given and granted unto-

the several Officers employed in the Survey and Inspection of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Win-

4 dows, and Lights, by the said former Acts imposed, are or shall be deemed good, valid, and effectual*.

in respect of the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament be it

ts »1 fb all Com-therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Commissions and Warrants already

granted given and granted to such Officers shall be, and be deemed, valid and effectual with regard to the Rates

aAd infJcOor^of anc* Duties granted by the said Act made in the last Scifion of Parliament, to all Intents and Purposes

tue laid Duties, whatsoever, as if the said Commissions and Warrants had been or were granted and made out to every

' such Officer respectively subsequent to the passing, and ir* pursuance of the said Act made in the last

Session of Parliament,

CAR XXXIV.

RefeTtoTG«o. for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief" of T

t:«e:5:i££ Protestant Purchasers. EXP.

t.c. 3 9 Geo. 2. c. 26 10 Geo. a. c. 41 11 Geo. 2. c. >1. 12 Geo. 2. c. 14. 16 Geo. 2. c. 32. 19 Geo. %, c. 16. 26 Geo. 2. c. 14, i& Geo* a* c. bo*

3.1 Geo. a. c, 32. 33 Geo, a. c. 13, a Geo. 3. c, a6. 4 Geo. 3. c. 38. Further Time given by this Act till 1 Jan. 1768*

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the clandestine Running ofi

uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to prevent the clan-

destine Running of Goods, and the Danger of lnfe&ion thereby; to the granting Liberty,

to carry Rice fiom his Majesty’s Provinces of Carolina and Georgia in directly to-

any Part of Europe Southward of Cape , in Ships built and navigated according to-

Law-, and to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first com-

posed, written, and primed, in Great Britain.

Preuntie. . WHEREAS the several Laws herein after-mentioned are near expiring: May it therefore please

your Majesty, that it may be enabled,’ and be it enacted by. the King’s, most Excellent Majesty,

6

by

