f>iz C. 32. v Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 176^

such Colls as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter-sessions; and the said Justices at such Seff^

lions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and the entering into such Recognizance,

shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such

Coils to the Parties appealing or appealed against as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Deter*

mination of such Quarter-sessions shall be final, binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

pen*lri« and LIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed (the Manner

lorfetturea how of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and re*

«ki applied?1 covered by Distrcfs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal

of any One Justice of the Peace for the said County of Kent or for the said Cily of Rochester (which*

Warrant such Justice ;s hereby impowered.and required to grant) upon the Confession of the Party or

Parties, or upon the Information of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which

Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to administer) and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recover*

ed, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and

Chattels shall be so dillrained and loid.(the Charges of such Distress an4 Safe being first deduced) fhfell be

paid to the Treasurer, or such other Person as the said Commissioners at any Meeting shall appoint for that

rurpose, and applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or '

such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it lhalJ and may be lawful to and for such

Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause th©

Offender or,Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain,

without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than Fourteen

Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and

satisfied.

Coromissioner* to LV. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners shall, at all their Meetings under thi$

°*n Act, pay and defray their own Expences.

Commtffamersto LVI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commrffionef

A& as Justices. who is or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Kent or City of Rochester* may-

aft as a Justice of the Peace for putting this Act in Execution, notwithstanding his being a Com*

missioner.

Distress not un- LVII. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made

lawful for want for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed

nor tfce'parties unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account

distraining deem-of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Partied

rd Trespairera ab detraining be deemed a Trespafier or Trespassers ab initio* cn account of any Irregularity which shall

initio, be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining ; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irre*

Plaintiff not to gu|arjty may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Cafe,

der^f Amends11" LVllI. Provided always. That no Plainriff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irfe-

bassoon made, gularity, Trespafs, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the

Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such Irregulari-

• ties, Trespafs, or wrongful Proceedings before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall

have been made, it shall, and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by

Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court

such Sum of Money as he or they shall fee fit; whereupon such Proceedings or Orders and Judge-

ments shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is

allowed to pay Money into Court.

* Writings to be LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Contraft, Bond,

wahout Stamps. Warrant, Judgement, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or

onlyTigned by, any Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited be^

forefthem, or under the Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any other Person or Persons whomsoever*

relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

Proceedings t#be LX. And be further enacted. That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners at their Meet-*

entered in a ings shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and such Orders and Proceedings

Book. so entered shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks at any Meeting of Nine or more of the said Commit*

Proceeding not sioners assembled; and such Orders shall be deemed and taken to be Original Orders; which said Book

to bequafoed foror gcoks Q^ii and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and that no Pro-*

ToTremovcable seeding to be had touchingthe Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, of any Ordef

by Certiorari. made, or other Matter or Thing to be done and transacted in or relating to the Execu ion of this Act,

shall be vacated or quallied for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Pro-*

cess whatsoever, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law -or Statute to the

contrary whatsoever.

Limitation •! LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be corftmen*

A&iontt ced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty-

one Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk or Trcnfur r to the said Commissioners,.

or after sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or

after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed for which such Action or Actions, Suit or

Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the County or

Phce

