Rat* not to ex<

ceed % i. in the

Pound.

Commissioners

to cleinfe,

watch, and

Rates to be sign

ed by two Juf-

ticcs.'

Manner of

Recovery.

192 C. 24. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

ing, the fame Streets, ‘Lanes, and Places respectively, under the Powers ai>d Authority of this Act, al-

though the fame shall not be begun to be paved by virtue of this Act.

Lfil. Provided always. That such Rate or Rates {hall not exceed two Shillings in the Pound in any

one Year, of the yearly Rent of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, Wharfs, or other

Buildings, Tenements, dead Walls, or void Spaces of Ground.

LlV. And be it further enacted. by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time hereafter two-third*

of the Householders within any Street, Lane, or Place, comprized within this Act, shall apply by Petition

to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at any of their Meetings within their respective

on Appifcation^ Division$, desiring, to have such Street, Lane, or Place, cleansed, watched, and lighted, under the Powers

of two thirds of of this Act ; then it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and

the inhabitant*, they are hereby required to cause the fame to be done, and have hereby Power to assess the Inhabitants of

such Street or Place respectively, in any Sum not exceeding two Shillings in the Pound, of the Rent of

the Houses, Tenements, or Buildings, within such Street, Lane, or Place respectively.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Rates, made by virtue of this Act,

shall be allowed and signed by two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said Town or Places, who

are also hereby impowered and required to grant a Warrant or Warrants for colleftrng and levying the

fame; and the said Rates, after the fame {hall be so allowed and signed by the said Justices, {hall be col-

lested half yearly by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall,

by Writing under their Hands and Seals, appoint: And if any Person or Persons {hall refuse, neglect, or

omit, to pay the Sum or Sums of Money, which he, {he, or they, {hall be rated or assessed, for the Space

of ten Days after personal Demand made thereof, or Demand in Writing left at the Place of Abode or Oc-

cupation of such Person or Persons j then, and in every such Cafe, it {Ball and may be lawful for the said

Collector or Collectors, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to levy the Sum by

Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chatties of such Person or Persons so neglecting, refilling, or omitting,

to pay the fame: And in case no such Goods or Chatties can be found to be so distrained; or in case fuen

Goods and Chatties shall be locked up or secured, or removed from the said Cotfeftof or Collectors, fd

that he or they cannot distrain the fame; then, and in either of the said Cafes, upon Information thereof

given to the said Justices, or any two Justices of the Peace for the fard County dr Borough, it shall and

may be lawful for such Tuftices, and they are hereby required to commit the Offender or Offenders to the

Common Gaol or House of Corteftion for the said County bt Bdrough, there to remain, without Bail or

Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding the Space of one Month, or until the Payment of such Rate or

Assessment, and reasonable Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof.

LVI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rales

to be assessed upon the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Wharfs, {hall not exceed one-half of the Rate^

which {hall be assessed upon such Lands, Houses. Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, and other Tene-

ments, as {hall be new paved by virtue of this Act.

4 LVII. And whereas many Houses within the said Streets and other Places are, by the several Owners

* or Proprietors thereof, lett out in Lodgings or Tenements to divers Tenants, whereby it will be difficult

* to rate and assess such Houses, or to recover such Rates and Assessments when made :* For Remedy

whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it {hall and may be lawful to and for the

said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, and at all Times, when they meet,

to make a Rate in pursuance of this Act, to rate and assess the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Tene-

ments as {hall be lett to, or occupied by, two or more Tenants ; which Rate and Assessment {hall be paid

by one or more of the Tenants or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such Houses : And in case any Oc-

cupier or Occupiers of any Part of such Houses or Tenements {hall refuse to pay the fame; then, the said

Rate and Assessment {hall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of him, her, or them, so refusing to

‘pay the fame; and such Occupier or Occupiers of such Tenements respectively, is and are hereby re-

quired and authorized to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as {hall be so rated or assessed on the Owner

or OwAers of such Houses, in pursuance of this Act, and to deduct the fame out of the Rent thereof; and

the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, are hereby required to allow such Deductions,

and Payments, upon the Receipt of the Residue of their Rents ; and every such Tenant, paying such Rate

or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as the said Rate

or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall amount unto, as if the fame had been actually paid to such Pct-

son or Persons to whom his, her, or their Rent should have been due and payable.

under 201 er LVIJI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it {hall and may

Annum?ma^be be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to compound with

•ompoumied for. the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any such Houses, or any other Houses within the said

Streets and Places, the annual Rent or Value whereof {hall be under twenty Pounds, for the Rate by this

Act authorized to be laid upon such Houses ; so as in such Composition there be not remitted to any such

Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, more than one-third of the Rate by this Act

laid upon such Houses respectively.

Where Houses, LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it {hall so happen, that any

&c. /haUbeun- Qf the Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, or any Part or Parts

Owners \o be thereof, within the said Streets and Places, or any or either of them, {hall, at any Time from and after the

making of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, be empty, untenanted, or unoccupied; that

then, and in every such Cafe, one-half of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or the one-

half of such other Rates as may he assessed by virtue of this Act, {hall be paid by the Owner or Proprietors

^Tisecuri' of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements; and in case of Non-

payment

Rate* onWhufs

limited.

Where Houses

*re lett out in

Tenements,

Owners are to

be assessed,

but Tenant* to

P*7 i

it out of their

Rent*.

Rates for Houses

charged only

onc-half of the

Rates, and the

