596 C- 3r> 3°*

Anno nono Georgii III.

Jti/>iccs in ary of

fj.fr Cafes hcie

ir.rnr oned ;

Tot fvi >*:fr slfli

f^nctrnirg Kavsl

»S wj,

S* e 31 Fl. c. 4.

j('» Car. 2. c. 5.

19 Or. 2. c. 7.

a?, and 23 Car.

2. c. 23.

1 Gen. c. 25. f. 3.

37 Geo. 2. c. 40.

I. 10.

20.G50. 2. c, 52.

f. 31.

A. D.- 1769.

srd a’l Confta-

H s are required

to obey and exe-

cute thtir War-

rants accordingly.

penalty of utter-

ing any forced

Letter of Attor-

ney, Rill, Ticket,

Certificate, Af-

fipnmen, last

Will, &c.

«t any Olficer or

Sailer to obtain

any Wages,

Prize Money,

<tc, thereupon is

Preamble.

or other Authority to receive any Wages, Pay, or other Allowance, due to any Officer, Seaman, or

other Officer, in, or who has been, orlhall be in, his fylajesty’s Service ; or shall utter or publifti the

fame as true; or who shall be guilty of Healing or embezzling his Majesty's Naval Stores; be it fur-

ther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of jW’, One

thousand (even hundred and sixty-nine, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer, Comptroller,

Surveyor, Clerk of the Acts, or any Commissioner of the Navy/or the Time being, and they are here-

1 by respectively authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, in all Places whatsoever, to do, per-

’ form, exercise, and execute, the Office and Duty of a Justice or Justices of the Peace, to all Intents

and Purposes whatsoever, in causing any Person or 1 erfons who shall, at any Time or Times, from

► and after the said Twenty-fourth Day o 1; Ji m*, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, be charg.d

with forging or counterfeiting, or procuring to he forged or counterfeited, any Letter of Attorney, Bill,

( Ticket, Certificate, Alignment, last Will, or other Power or Authority ; or with uttering or publishing

the fame as true, in order to receive any '; ages, Pay, or other Allowance, due to any Officer, Seaman,

or other Person, who is or has been, or shall hereafter be, in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs, or

Succcilors; or with taking, or procuring false Oaths to be taken, for any of the Purposes aforesaid ; or

to obtain a Probat of any Will, or Letters of /vdininistration, in order to receive such Wages, Pay, or

other Allowance ; or with ftcaling of embezzling of any Naval Stores, the Property of his Majesty, his

Heirs or SuccePors, to be apprehended, committed, and prosecuted, for the fame ; and all Constables,

Heudboroughs, Keepers of Goals and Prisons, and all other Officers whatsoever, shall, and they are hereby

reflectively required, from Time to Time, diligently to execute, perform, and obey, all such Warrant

and Warrants as shall be made, directed, illiicd, or given to them, or any of them, by any One or

more of the Persons aforesaid, touching any of the Matters and Things herein before contained.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, a her the said

Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand (even hundred and (ixty-nine, utter or publish, as true,

any false, forged, cr counterfeited Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Certificate, Alignment, last Will,

or any other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, or other Allowances

of Money, or Prize Money, due or suppoled to be due to any Officer or Seaman, or other Person,

who has really served or was supposed to have served, or who shall hereafter serve or be supposed to

have served, on board of any Ship or Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, with Intenttode-

fraud any Person, knowing the fame to be false, forged or counterfeited, then every such Person, being

thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without

Benefit of Clergy.

Felony without Benefit of Clergy. Perjury ai well as Forgery is a capital Offir.ee, by 31 Geo. 2. c« 10. f. 24.

e a p. xxxi.

An Act for the establishing and well -governing an Hospital for the Reception, Maintenance,

and Employment of Penitent Prostitutes; and for extinguishing the Right of Common of

and in certain Lmds in Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey.

4 TI WHEREAS in the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, a charitable Society was

4 VV entered into by several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, for establishing a House for thtf

4 Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of Penitent Prostitutes ; and the fame hath been from

4 that Time ca r ed on and supported by voluntary Subscriptions, and many Persons have received Rc-

4 lief ftc.in the said Charity : And whereas the House provided for the Purposes aforesaid, in Prefect

4 Street in Goodman s Fields in the County of MiddLfex, is in a very ruinous Condition, and too small

4 for the Reception of the Number of Objects who are desirous to partake of the said Charity: And

1 whereas Robert Dinghy and Philip Milloway, Esquires, are seised of an Estate of Inheritance in Fee

4 Simple of and in Six Acres of Land lying dispersed in the Open and Common Fields called Saint

4 George’s Felds, in the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Surrey, in Trust for the

4 erecting a Building thereon, and making such other necessary Conveniences as may be thought proper

4 for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment, of Penitent Prostitutes, and a very considerable

4 Sum of Money hath been subscribed for those Purposes: And whereas it would be more convenient

the said Field, in i rust for the Purposes aforesaid : And whereas divers Persons Li fed or pofieffied of

Lands in he said Fields have a Right of Common for their Cattle, at certain Times in the Year, upon

the said Six Acres of Land, promiscuously with other Lands in the said Fields: And whereas neither

the said Six Acres of Land, whereof the said Robert Dingley and Philip Milloway are so seised as afore-

said, nor any other Lands of which they may become seised in Trust for the Purposes aforesaid, can

be inclosed and built upon, un'efs such Right of Common thereon is extinguished : Now, in ord;r to

promote and effectuate the good Designs of the said charitable Institution, and for carrying the PurpoG

- 4 aforesaid

