A.D. 1767. Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 38. 321

*1fewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action, may plead the General Ifluc, and give this Oeneri! Jflae.

Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in

pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any

such Action or Suit shall not be brought within the Time before limited, or shall be brought in any other

City, County, or Place, than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or'

if the Plaintiff or Party shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or

Actions, or if Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the said Defendants shall have

Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath Treble Colb.

or have for Costs in other Cafes by Law.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be allowed in all Publick Afc.

Courts whatsoever, as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, or other Persons, are hereby required ta

take Notice thereof as such, without (pedal Pleading.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign*

of King George the Second, for Encouragement of the Arts of Designing, Engraving, and

Etching, Historical and other Prints ; and for vetting in^ and securing to, Jane Hogarth)

Widow, the Property in certain Prints.

€ XT WHEREAS an Act of Parliament passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Preamble, reclta

* y V King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of Dejigningy Engra- Act % Go0.

4 ving, and Etchings Historical and other Prints^ by vesting the Properties thereof in the Inventors and En- *•c*1

4 gravers, during the Time therein mentioned, has been found ineffectual for the rurposes thereby intended

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame, That from and after the first Day of January, one thou fared seven hundred and sixty-seven, all Ttaorigtnil T*

*nd every Person and Persons who shall invent or design, engrave, etch, or work in Mezzotinto or Chiaro *cntOT*»

Ofcuro, or, from his own Work, Design, or Invention, shall cause or procure to be deiigned, engraved,

ctched, or worked in Mezzotint0 or Chiaro Ofcuro, any Historical Print or Prints, or any Print or Prints tv^7cai ^ othi

tof any Portrait, Conversation, Landscape, or Architecture, Map, Chart, or Plan, or any other Print or Prints, and fuefc

Prints whatsoever, shall have, and are hereby declared to have, the Benefit and Protection of the said who fiuii cause

Act and this Act, under the Restrictions and Limitations herein after-mentioned, frinU'obfdon*

from World,

See. of their owo invention,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of »nd also such n

January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, all and every Person and Persons who shall engrave, ^ cagI^e>

etch, or work in Mezzotinto or Chiaro Ofcuro, or cause to be engraved, etched, or worked, any Print,

taken from any Picture, Drawing, Model, or Sculpture, either ancient or modern, shall have, and are piaUrc,Draw-

hereby declared to have, the Benefit and Protection of the said Act, and this Act, for the Term herein Ing, Model, o*

•fter-mentioned, in like Manner, as if such Print had been graved or drawn from the Original Design of Sculpture; am

such Graver, Etcher, or Draftsman ; and if any Person shall engrave, print, and publish, or import for

Sale, any Copy of any such Print, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this and the said former teaionoftherti

Act, every such Person shall be liable to the Penalties contained in the said Act, to be recovered as therein cited and present

$nd herein after b mentioned. Act; smdtho(c

who shall engrave or import for Sale, Copies of such Prints, are liable to Penalties.

4 III. And whereas William Hogarth, late of the City of Westminster, Painter and Graver, did etch and The foie Ri^ht

* engrave, and cause to be etched and engraved, several Prints from his own Invention and Design. the of Pr,ntin«

4 Property and foie Right of vending all such Prints, being secured to him the said William Hogarth for

4 the Term of fourteen Years from their first Publication, by the said former Act of Parliament; which garth’s Prints,

4 said Property, by his last Will, became vested in his Widow and Executrix : And whereas since the first

4 Publication of several of the said Prints, the Term of fourteen Years is expired, and several base Copies

4 of the fame have been since printed and published, whereby the Sale of the Originals has been con-

4 fiderably lessened, to the great Detriment of the said Widow and Executrix : And whereas since the

4 Publication of others of the said Prints, the Term of fourteen Years is now near expiring ;* be it enacted

by the Authority aforesaid, That Jane Hogarth, Widow and Executrix of the said William Hogarth, shall ,n

have the foie Right and Liberty of printing and reprinting all the said Prints, Etchings, and Engravings, ^Ufor tht

of the Design and Invention of the said William Hogarth, for and during the Term of twenty Years, to Tcr^ °/ao*

commence from the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven ; and that all Years,

and every Person and Persons who shall at any Time hereafter, before the Expiration of the said Term Penalty of copy,

of twenty Years, engrave, etch, or work in Mezzotinto or Chiaro Ofcuro, or otherwise copy, fell, or °*.

expose to Sale, or cause or procure to be etched, engraved, or worked in Mezzotinto or Chiaro Ofcuro, Elation of

any of the said Works of the said William Hogarth, shall be liable to the Penalties and Forfeitures con- thcuud Tcripj

Sained in this and the said former Act of Parliament; to be reC0YQ(6d iljl ljfrg Manner as in and by this

and the said former Act are given, directed. and appointed.

. Vol.X. T t IV. Pro-

Ciooooie

