A.D.

1770.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

C. 22.

689

XXIX. Provided always, That in case any such Occupier as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to do and On Nonpayment

perform all or any of the several Works aforesaid, within the Time and in the Manner before directed ; lcv:cd by

that then and in all or any of the Cafes aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commis- 1 res#

sioners, or any Seven or more of them, to cause the several Works aforesaid, or any of them, to be

cone in such Manner and P'orm as they shall think fit to order and direct, and the Charges and Expen-

ecs attending the fame to he paid by such Occupiers as aforesaid, who ought to do and perform the said

Works according to the Directions of this Act ; and in case any such Occupiers shall refuse or neglect to

pay all such Charges and Expences for the Space of Fourteen Days after such Charges and Expences shall

be demanded of him or her by the said Surveyor, or some other Officer belonging to the said Commis-

sioners, that then it shall and may be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace for the said City, upon

Complaint made to him by such Surveyor or other Officer, to cause all such Charges and Expences to be

levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Occupier so neglecting or refuting as afere-

said, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if

any) to the Occupier whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall at any Window#; &c.

Time or Times hereafter make, erect, or build, or cause to be made, erected, or built, any Window in m t to

any Part of the Front of any Messuage, Tenement, or Building within the said City of JVcrcester, which ,nt0 Streets

rshall project into or over any Part of any Street, Lane, Way, or Passage within the said City ; and if any

Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter prelume so to do, it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any General Meeting, by Older in

Writing, under their Hands, to direct and require the fame to be taken down and removed within One

Calendar Month from the Date thereof ; and in case the Person or Persons making or causing to be made

such Window as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect: to take down the fame within the Time before limited

for that Purpose, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or

more* of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to take down and remove the fame; and

the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid by the Person or Persons making such Window or Win-

dows ; and the fame shall and may be recovered in the same Manner as any of the Penalties and Forfei-

tures, incurred for Offences against this Act, are directed to be recovered.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing herein contained shall exempt the Persons liaMe t®

Corporation of the City of IVorceJlery or the Commissioners of the Turnpike Roads, from repairing such R^ r oi w.,r-

Parts of the Streets in the said City as they have usually repaired, and were liable to keep in Repair, be- cefter Srr*‘tl» 10

fore the passing of this Act. “““

XXXII. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That all Spouts and Gutters belonging Spmjts and Cutm

m, and which convey Water from the Tops of any Houses, Warehouses, Shops, Sheds, or other Build- ters to be made

ings directly into the Streets, Lanes, Ways, or publick Places within the said City, shall, within Nine and regalatad.

Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, be removed, and the Water conveyed by Pines or

Spouts, to be brought down by the Sides or Fronts of such Houses, Warehouses, Shops, or other Build-

ing*?, to the Ground, or into some Sewer, Cistern, or Reservoir under Ground, at the Costs and Charges

of the respective Owners or Proprietors thereof; and in case the fame shall not be done within the Time

aforesaid, the Occupier of every such House, Warehouse, Shop, or Building, shall forfeit and pay the

Sum of One Shilling for every Week until the fame shall be done in Manner before directed ; and it shall

and may be lawful to and for any Tenant or Tenants of any such Houses, Warehouses, Shops, or other

Buildings as aforesaid, and they are hereby required (in case of Neglect or Refusal by the respective Owners

or Proprietors thereof) to alter such Spouts ana Gutters in Manner herein before directed, and such Tenant

or Tenants, so altering such Spouts or Gutters, shall and may retain the Expence thereof out of his, her,

or their next Rent or Rents, and their respective Landlords are hereby required to allow the fame; and that

if any Person or Persons shall hereafter erect or cause to be erected any Spout or Gutter for conveying

Water from any old or new House, Warehouse, Shop, or other Building in any Manner contrary to the

Directions and the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum

of One Shilling for every Week such Spout or Gutter mail remain-

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Names of Street*

Seven or more of them, shall and may order and direct the Houses within the said City to be numbered to bc marked,

with Figures placed or painted on the Doors thereof, or in such other Part as the said Commissioners, Or*^c^ou,c'nuxa*

any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; and may likewise order and direct to be painted, or other-

wife described, on a conspicuous Part of some House or other Building at or near the End or Corner of

each Street, Lane, Passage, or Place, the Name of such Street, Lane, Passage, or Place; and every Per-

son who shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Number, figure.

Name, or Description, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the fame to be done, shall, for every

such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Pei fun? shall uT^entAn.

set out or lay, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be set cut or laid any Timber, Boards, Bricks, noy*new.

Tubs, Hogtheads, Barrels, Furnaces, Stalls, Benches, Gratis, Pens, or any other Annoyance, or any

Waggon, Dray, Cart, or other Carriages (for any longer Time than shall be reasonable for the loading

or unloading the fame); or if any Person or Persons shall build, place, or suffer to continue any Steps

leading into any Cellar or Vault, or thrower lay any Dung, Allies, or any other Thing whatsoever,

which shall occasion any Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obstruction whatsoever, in any of the said Streets,

Lanes, Ways, or Passages within the said City, (except as before excepted ; and also except such Stalls*

Benches, Grates, or Pens, or other Conveniences, which ill all or may be used during the limes only

which any publick Fairs or Markets within the said City shall continue; and also except inch ccaToldings

Vol. X. 4 T “or

