30* C. 29,30, 31.

Anno feptimo Georgii III#

A# D. 1767^

Preamble reclt-

inu Clause in

■Act 29 Elir,

*• 4«

Cifcs wherein

Sheriffs, &c. are

«lcc 1 .ired not in-

titlcJ to Pound-

age, bji'virtue of

the recited Ail#

Jce cap/47.

Preamble,

See S 6\j. 3. c.2.

10 C7c5. 3. c. z,

K.ce allowed to

be imported

Duty-free from

North America,

at any Time be-

tween 4 May

and 1 Dee. 17675

and S.v.'o Pon-

der, anJ Veirni-

crlli, at any

Time before

1 Dee. 1781#

Time enlarged

to 25 Dec. 17( 9,

\y q Gco. 3.

C. 12,

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for explaining an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Eli*

zabeth, to prevent Extortion in Sheriffs, Under-Sheriffs, and Bailiffs of Franchises or Liber-

ties, in Cafes of Execution.

4 TWHEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled,

4 VV An A Si to prevent Extortion in Sheriffs, Under-Sheriffs, and Bailiffs of Franchises or Liberties, in

4 Cafes of Execution, it is, amoneft other Things, enabled. That it shall not be lawful to or for any Shfr-

4 riff, Under-Sheriff, Bailiff of Franchises or Liberties, nor for any of their Officers, Ministers, Servants,.

4 Bailiffs, or Deputies, nor for any of them, by reason or colour of their or either of their Office or Offices.

4 to have, receive, or take, of any Person or persons whatsoever, directly or indirectly, for the serving and

4 executing of any Extent or Execution upon the Body, Lands, Goods, or Chattels, of any Person or Per--

4 fons whatsoever, more or other ConfiJeration or Recompence than in this present Act is and shall be

4 limited and appointed, which shall be lawful to be had, received, and taken; that is to say, Twelve-

4 pence of and for every twenty Shillings, where the Sum exceedeth not one hundred Pounds; and fix

4 Pence of and for every twenty Shillings, being over and above the said Sum of one hundred Pounds, that

4 he or they shall so levy or extend, and deliver in Execution, or take the Body in Execution for, by vir-

4 tu^nd by force of any such Extent or Execution whatsoever: And whereas, as the Law now ftarnls*

4 Sheriffs are, by virtue of the said recited Act, intitled to the Poundage therein mentioned, for taking th^

4 Body of any rerfon in Execution, upon Judgements obtained upon Bail Bonds, entered into for thd

4 Appearance of Persons prosecuted for Offences against the Laws relating to his Majesty’s Revenues of

4 Customs or Excise, such Bail Bonds being prosecuted in the Name and at the Suit of the Sheriffs towboat*

4 such Bail Bonds are given, though the Sheriffs prosecuting such Bonds are merely Trustees in the Suits^

4 for the Benefit of the Crown, and the Sheriffs executing such Process would not in those Cafes be intitled

4 to any Poundage, if the Proceedings were carried on in the Name of the Crown ; by means whereof the

4 Intent of the Laws relating to the Revenues of the Customs and Excise will in such Cafes be sofar

4 defeated To remedy which Inconvenience for the future, May it please your Majesty, that it may be

enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to allow any

Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or other Person whatsoever employed in the Execution of Process, any Poundage,

for taking the Body of any Person in Execution upon any Process at the Suit of any Sheriff, or other Of-

ficer or Minister of the Crown, upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person pro-

fccuted, either for any Duties due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or for any-Penalty

infiifted by any Act of Parliament made or to be made for the preventing the clandestine Running or Re-

ceiving any customable or prohibited Goods ; or in any Cafe whatsoever where the Sheriff or Officer ex-

ecuting such Process would not be intitled to Poundage, if the Proceedings were or had been carried on*

directly in the Name of the Crown * any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act, to the contrary

notwithstanding.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice, Sago Powder, and Vermicelli, into this

Kingdom, from his Majesty’s Colonies in North America, for a limited Time..

* \XT HEREAS the allowing the free Importation of Rice, Sago Powder, and Vermicelli, from his

c y y Majesty’s Colonies in North America into Great Britain, for a limited Time, may be of great

4 Ad’ an^ge :* May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the

King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That fiom and after

the fourth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, it shall and may be lawful for any

Person or Persons to import into Great Britain, from any of his Majesty’s Colonies in North America, at

any Time or Times before the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, any

Rice; and at any 'Lime or limes before the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

one, any Si^go Powder and Vermicelli ; without the Payment of any Subsidy, Custom, Duty, or Impon-

fition whatsoever; any Thing in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wist

notwithstanding, , . ....

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for* Offices and Employments; and

to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have

omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving

further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Oificers in Cities, Corporations, and

Boroi'gh Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been

7 stamprd,

