_ \

A. 0.1767. Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 32. 303

stamped, have been loft or mlflaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped ; Fur.hcrTirre

and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution EJ,trn Dy

of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors. See 6 Geo. 3. c. 7. 3,

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for applying the Money granted, in this Session of Parliament, for carrying qn an

additional Building for a more commodious Pafiage to the House of Commons, from Saint

Margaret's Lane and Old Palace Yard\

WHEREAS the Sum of two thousand Pounds has been granted to his Majesty, in this Scflbn Preamble,

of Parliament, towards carrying on an additional Building for a more commodious Passage to

4 the Houic of Commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane and Old Palace Yard: And whereas an Act pr flld 19 Cco. u

4 in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, A.i Ad

4 enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge croj's the River Thames, from the City of Weil milliter to the

4 cf’Pfite Shore in the County of Surrey, to purebaje House s and Grounds, and to widen the I Pays, and to make

4 tucre safe and commodious the Streets, Avenues, and Pafages, leading from Charing Cross to the two Houses

4 of Parliament, Westminster Hall, and the Courts offujlice there, rfW Westminster Bridge; and to enable

4 a Itfs Number of Commis oners to execute the several Acts relating to the said Bridge, than at present arc re-

y quirtd by Law ; and for Relief of George and James King, with regard to a Lease taken by their late Father

4 from the said Commiftoners: And whereas the Ways and Pafl'ages to the House of Commons might be

4 rendered more open, safe, and commodious, in case the said Commissioners were enabled to purchal!*,

4 pull down, and remove, certain Houses and Buildings, and to carry on an additional Building from Saint

4 Margaret's Lane and Old Palace Yard:9 May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may

be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice, and Confenc

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they have Three or rr.ore

hereby full Power and Authority to agree with any Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, for the Commissioneri

Purchase of any Freeholds, Buildings, Tenements, or Estates whatsoever, for carrying on an additional Weft min ft«r

Building for a more commodious Pallage to the House of Commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane and Old aVrr^for

Palace Yard; and for that Purpose shall be vested with the fame Powers and Authorities for the Purpose the Pmch/'c or*

of obtaining, purchasing, pulling down, or removing, any Building or Building?, felling the old Mate-any Freehold:,

rials, carrying on the said new intended Building, and doing all Matters and Things thereunto belonging, &c. necessary for

in as full and ample Manner, and to all Intents and Purposes, as they the said Commissioners were the *!urPofc of

inverted with by the said before-recited Act, with respect to the Matters therein contained, or any other aS7ii!onilBu.?J-

Act or Acts of Parliament; and in the same Manner as if the fame Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Direcr ing for a more

Cions, and Authorities, were herein particularly repeated and re-enacted. commodiourtuf-

fnge to the House of Commons.

II. And be it further enacted, That out of all or any the Aids and Supplies granted to his Majesty for a Sum not«-

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, there shall be illucd and applied any c«ding aooooi.

Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds ; to be applied towards the said Purchase or 10 bc ,lljcd-nd

Purchafcs, and of carrying on the said new intended Buildings and Alterations, in such Manner and at the Aids^anted

such Times as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, from time to time, order ;n this Scntn,

Sind direct. towaidsiheUid

Purchase and Building.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all such Costs and Charges as shall be Charges of thi§

incurred in obtaining this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, shall be, in the first place, paid out Ac}

Of the Monies hereby granted.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Commissioners, and each and Commissionert

every other Person and Persons authorized by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to do *"d

any Act in Execution of any of the Powers intended to be hereby inverted in the said Commissioners, are

and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do in purfu.mce of this Act : And that if any Action they

shall be brought, or Suit commenced, against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of Join purfuanct]

this Act, or in relation to the Premises herein before-mentioned ; every such Action or Suit shall be laid of this Act. 4

or brought within six Calendar Months after the Fast committed ; and such Action (lull be laid in the ^,™,0tj'ls,cn.

County of Middlesex, and not clfcwhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, shall "lors*

*nd may be at Liberty to plead the General Blue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, General luue,

without specially pleading the same.

CAP.

