A» D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. C.37* 3i3

and Citizens, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint in Trad for them; or in case such Mort-

gagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in

Common Council assembled, that they will pay on and discharge the Principal and Interest which shall be

due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages, at the End or Expiration of six Calendar Months, to be com-

puted from such Notice given, that then, at the End of the said six Months, on Payment of the Principal

and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall assign his, her, or their Interest in the Premiles

to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint in Tiutt

for them: And in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to assign as aforesaid on such Tender or on\!u*

Payment, that then all Interest on every such Mortgage shall cease and determine. on Payment'of

Principal and Interest into the Bjnk.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the principal Money and Interest due on any Prcnfifesto vest

Mortgage as aforesaid into the Bank, at the End of six Calendar Momhs from such Notice as aforesaid, in lhc cit>«

for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give a Receipt or

Receipts for the said Money, in like Manner as is herein before directed in Cafes of other Payments into

the Bank; and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand,

of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of every Person or Persons in Trust for him or them, shall vest in

the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens; and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Posseflion of

the Premises comprized in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money to be paid pursuant to any such Agreement Monies to he

or Verdict as aforesaid, or on any such Mortgage, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon Pairdor ren«jffreJ,

all Monies which shall be raised or received for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be tendered to the ^afJconhePrc-

Party or Parties intitled to the fame; and in case of Refusal to accept the fame, shall be paid into the Bank c r

of England, in the Names of any Person or Persons appointed by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen

for that Purpose, in Trust for such Person and Persons as shall be intitled to receive the same, before the said

Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall proceed to pull down any House

or Houses, or other Erections or Buildings, or to use the Ground for any of the Purpofos of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall have Power, from Power to fine

time to time, to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, on the said Sheriffs, Sheriffs, Juries,

or their Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents respectively, making Default in the Premises; and on any *nd

of the Persons who shall be summoned ana returned on any such Jury or Juries, who shall not appear, or,ornotAl ta in*’

who shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Turies; or being so (worn, shall not give his or their Ver-

did; and also on any Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence touching any of the

Matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or shall refuse to be sworn; or who being sworn shall refuse to

give his, her, or their Evidence; and on any other Person or Persons who shall in any other Manner

wilfully neglect his, her, or their Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this

Ad; and, from time to time, to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Court of Mayor and Alder-

men, by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, together with the reasonable Charges of every such

Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner; and all such Fines shall be applied to

the Purposes of this Act.

4 XXVII. And whereas, by reason of the Purchases which the said Mayor and Commonalty and

4 Citizens are hereby impowered to make, they may happen to be possessed of feme Piece or Pieces of

4 Ground over and above what may be necessary for any of the Purposes of this Act be it further enacted, Common remn.

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common ciiimpn^reciti

Council assembled, to lett, fell, or dispose of, any such Piece or Pieces of Ground, either together or in lett»*cJ,» Ac*

Parcels, as they shall think moll advantageous or convenient, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing *nne^/®u"0dr

to contract, agree for, or purchase the fame. Purpofci of thi.

4 XXVIII. And whereas it may, for the greater Regularity or Beauty of the Streets, Ways or Passages, ,

4 to be improved by virtue of this Act, or of the said Act of the twenty-ninth Year of King George the

4 Second, be proper to build Houses, or Parts of Houses, on some Parts of the Ground and Soil of the

4 said Streets, Ways, or Passages, or on some Part of the former Channel of Bridewell Dock,* be it further

enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Com- *nd to ?fant

mon Council assembled, for and in Consideration of such Sum or Sums of Money, or yearly Rent or Rents *utts p'r°u,t:d’

to be paid into the Receipt of the Chamber of the said City of London, as they shall think reasonable, to JJ!*

grant unto the Owner or Owners of the Freehold and Inheritance of the House or Houses fronting any

such Street, Way, or Passage, Licence or Licences, under the Common Seal of the said City of London,

to build upon and inclose so much of the Ground and Soil in the Front of their said respective House or

Houses, as they shall judge fit and proper to be built upon for the Reasons aforesaid; and the Ground and

Soil so built upon in pursuance of such Licence or Licences, shall for ever, or for and during the Time or

Term to be expreiFed in such Licence or Licences respectively, be annexed to and enjoyed with the adjoin-

in;* Freehold; any Law, U.age, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies arising by the Sale or Letting of Monies«.fin*

the Grounds, so to be Ictt or fold, or by Sale of the Materials of Houses and Buildings to be purchased by ,uch s“lc<or

and nulled down by virtue of this present Act, not herein before appropriated; and all Monies to be paid L,concc.*» b c

for futh Licences as aforesaid ;‘fliall be employed* and the fame are hereby appropriated to the Purposes of Ih^poVnofet </

this Act, and shall not be employed to or for any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever. this a<u

Vol. X.

S f

XXX. And

