The TITLES of the STATUTES.

r dows, and Wade Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of

Somerton, in the County of Oxford.

€* An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying

within the Township and Hamlet of Shutford, in the

Parish of Swaleiiffe, in the County of Oxford.

85. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons,

. called The High ana Low Commons, in the Parish of

Tickhill, in the Counties of York and Nottingham.

S'*. An Act for draining and improving certain Low,

Mailh, and Fen Lands, lying between Boston Haven

r and Bourn, in the Parts of" Kejleven and Holland in the

: County of Lincoln.

87. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Do-

r rothy late Countess Dowager of Burlingtony lying in the

Counties of Middlesex, York, and Lincoln, in Trustees,

’ to be sold and conveyed in Manner therein mentioned ;

and for invclting Part of the Money arising by such

Sale, in discharging a Mortgage Debt aftecting the

. fame PremiiTcs, and the Residue thereof in the Pur-

chafe of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, to

be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates do

. now (land limited, or so many of them as {hall be then

. cxilling.

£3. An Act for vesting certain undivided Parts or Shares

belonging to the Honourable John Saint Johny an In-

c fant, and Edward Deringy also an Infant, of and in

i kvcral Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the

Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kenty in Trustees, to

be fold; and for laying out of the Money arising by the

Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be con-

veyed to the Ule of the said John Saint John and Edward

Dcrin*, ref peel ively, and their respective Heirs; and for

other Purposes therein mentioned.

89. An Act for making the Portions provided by the

: Marriage Settlement of Sir George Trevelyan Baronet,

and Diimc Julia his Wife, for their younger Children,

*vested Interests, so that the fame may be raised and paid,

. notwithstanding the Deaths of such Children in the

^ Life-ume of their Father; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

o. An Act for vesting the Barony or Manor of Shipbrook,

in the County of Che/ler, Part of the Estate of Henry

Lemon Esquire, comprised in his Marriage Settlement,

in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge

the Debts and Incumbrances charged upon and affect-

ing the fame, previous to the said Settlement; and for

other Purposes therein mentioned.

91. An Act for settling Part of the settled Estates of

Robert Dclman Esquire in Pocklington, and elsewhere, in

the County of York, for discharging the Debts and In-

cumbrances of himself and Robert Dolman the younger,

his cldcft Son, aftedting the fame; and for making rro-

vision for Robert Dclman the younger, and for the

younger Children of Robert Dolman the elder.

91. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Chriflo-

pier Crowe Esquire, in the County of Yonf, in him in

Fee Simple; and for settling other Estates, in the fame

. County, in lieu thereof.

,93. An Act for vesting the settled Eftnte of John Knovjley,

and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of York, in

Trustees to be conveyed pursuant to certain Articles

for the Purchase thereof; and for laying out the Money

thereby stipulated to be paid in the Purchase of other

. Lands, to be charged and settled in Manner as ihuein

cumioned.

94. An Act for vesting certain Estates, late of Elizabeth

Carey Widow, deceased, in the County of Middlesex, in

Trustees, in Trust, to sell and convey the fame to Ro±

bert Child Esquire, and for laying out the Money arising

by such Sale in three per Centum Consolidated Bank

Annuities, to be secured and transferred in Manner

therein mentioned; and for other Purposes.

99. An Act for divesting out of the Heir at Law, or other

legal Representative or Representativcs of Edmund Necler

deceased, the several Freehold Estates of the late Wil~

Ham IVeftbrook Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of

Middlefixy Bucks, Kent, and Surrey, and in the City of

London; and for veiling the fame in Trustees, to be

fold and conveyed to such Persons as may already have

contracted, or shall hereafter contract, to become the

Purchasers of any Parts or Shares thereof, under the

Directions of the Court of Chancery.

96. An Act for Sale of the Copyhold Estates late of

Doctor Robert Taylory deceased 5 and for laying out the

Money arising thereby, in the rurchafe of other Lands

and Hereditaments, to be settled in' lieu thereof; and

for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

97. An Act to confirm and establish Exchanges of Land,

at Dorking in Surrey, between Charles Howard Esquire,

and Edward Walter Esquire; and between the said

Charles Howard and Jonathan Tyers Esquire.

98. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate of Mary

Phelps Widow, deceased, given and devised by her Will,

in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, Legacies,

and Incumbrances.

99. An Act for vesting several Freehold and Copyhold

Estates, in the several Counties of Essex, Suffolk, Buckiy

and Middlesexr, and in the City of Londony in Trustees,

for the Sale thereof, in order to discharge the several

Legacies or Portions bequeathed by the Will of William

Hollingworth Esquire, deceased; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

100. An Act for Sale of the Estates comprised in the

Marriage Settlement of John Brijlow Esquire, in the

County of Norfolk; and for applying the Monies arising

thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Heredita-

ments, to be settled to the Uses contained in the said

Settlement. p

101. An Act for making a Partition of divers Lands and

Hereditaments, in the Counties of Lincoln and Yortf,

late the Estate of Edward Ayscough deceased, which,

upon his Death, belonged to his four Daughters ana

Coheirs; and for settling the Lands and Hereditaments,

to be allotted upon the said Partition, to the several

Uses limited, of their several undivided Shares thereof

respectively.

»o^. An Act for Sale of the Freehold Estate late of Amie

Broxolme Widow, deceased, in the Parish of Saint George

Hanover Square; and for laying out the Money arising

by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Freehold Lands

and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

iOj. An Act for naturalizing Louisa Rudolphina Wale9

and Gregory JCt le.

10*. An Act to naturalize Benedict Paul W'arner. J

1 Os. An Act for naturalizing Sobine L cun ft Winn.

ic 6. An Act for dividing and inc losing Icveial Lands and

Grounds, undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Waftcs,

in or near the Village or Hamlet of Alarjboreugh, in the

Township of Kimberworthy and in the Parish of Rcthcm

ham, in the County of York.

107. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, and Common Pastures, of Siolford, in

b z the

i

