i6g

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. C. 20.

Demands, and pronounce and give such final Sentence and Judgement, and make such Orders and

Decrees therein, as to them shall Teem mod just and equitable.

IX. And for the better Discovery of the Truth, and for the more solemn Determination of all the

causes and Matters which shall be depending in the said Court; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of Commiffienm

them, assembled in Court, and they are hereby impowered to administer an Oath to the Plaintiff or De- oltht.

fendant, and to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by either Party, and also to the Officers of

the Court, and to any Person or Persons whatsoever, whose Evidence shall to the said Commissioners, or to

the major Part of them, appear necessary.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Debtoror Debtors, who ffiill ^of.n^Ppcir'

have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall, without some good Cause to be allowed by the Commissioners, proceed

refuse or neglect to appear in such Court at the Time and Place mentioned in the said Summons; then it «x panel

shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Proof

being made upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons in manner before diretfted, to proceed to hear

the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgement

therein, and award such Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem meet.

XI. And be it further'enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon the Day of the Return, or at On Von-anpnr-

any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or appear-

ing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Debt or Demand, to the Satisfaction of the Court, hut costs

become nonsuited; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of

them, to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs to pay the fame, by such Ways and Means as arc herein provided for the Recovery of Debts

ordered and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Cafe where the said Commis- CommUlioiw*

sioners, or any three or more of them as aforesaid, shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment

of Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, m

to award'Execution either against the Body or Goods of the Paity against whom such Order or Orders

shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court, at the

Request of the Party prosecuting such Order or Decree, to issue a Precept under his Hand and Seal, to

one of the Serjeants of the said Court, who, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon the Execution

awarded against the Body of such Party, shall and may and is hereby impowered to take and apprehend P*rty tot>e

such Party, being within the Town and Borough of Derby and Liberties aforesaid, and carry him, her,comautted*

or them, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction within the said Town and Borough or Liberties

thereof, there to remain until he, she, or they, shall perform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judge-

ment; so as no Person shall remain in Confinement upon any such Execution for any longer Space of

Time than three Months; and the said Serjeant, by virtue of any such Precept issued upon the Execution Debt.&c tefee

awarded against the Goods of any such Party, shall and may, and is hereby impowered to levy by Distress ,evied by Die.

and Sale of the Goods of such Party, being within the said Town and Borough or Liberties thereof, such trcft and Sale*

Sum and Sums of Money, and Costs, as shall be so ordered and decreed: And if the Party against whose

Body or Goods any such Execution shall be awarded, and such Process shall issue thereupon, shall, by

absconding, or by secreting, or removing his, her, or their Goods, or by any other Means, prevent or Party abscond.

evade the Service and Effca. of any such Execution; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com- ing,or r*'T0V"

missioners, or any three or more of them, upon due Proof thereof made to them by the Oath or Oaths ,nfi 00 h

of the Serjeant, or one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Discretion, to award Execution Execution to

cither against the Body or Goods of such Party; and Process shall issue thereupon, and be executed by lflwe#

the Serjeant in Manner aforesaid, until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners shall Debts may be

at any Time, upon the Rtquest and for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants, order pa,d ar several

and decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, to be paid at several Payments; then, upon the first t,ness

Default or Failure of any of the said Payments so ordered and decreed, the said Commissioners, or any Defendant lb Me

three or more of them, assembled in Court, shall and may, ar the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, t©thewhole

and tipm due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part <,um#

thereof as flvfll then remain unpaid, together with such further Costs as- to them shall seem reasonable,

to he recovered by the me Process, and in like Manner, as is herein before provided for Recovery of

the Debt and Costs first decreed; the former Order or Decree to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Precept to he issued upon Ctok toindorse

any Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Clerk of 4,1,1

the said Court shall indorse and set down in Writing, the Sum or Sums of Money and Costs so ordered C9 srcclvw

and decreed to be paid; and if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded, shall,

Vk fore any actual Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he, (lie, or they, is or are taken and appre-

hended, or btfere the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonmcnr, pr.y, or cause to be

paid or tendered, to the Clerk of the Court who shall issue such Precept, such Sum or Sums of Money,

and Costs, together with one Shilling as a Reward for his 'Double in receiving and paying over such

Debt and Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, dnd entering Acknowledgment of Satisfaction, in the Books

or Register of the said Cour% for such Debt and Costs, and also the Sum of tv/o Shillings and six Pence

ft r Gaol Fees (in case such Party or Parties shall have been committed to Prifnn); then, and in any such Elation m?y

Cafe, the Execution shall be superfeded, and the Body and Bodies or Goods of the said Party or Parties be tuperlaied,

shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

Vol. X. Z XV. And

