A. D. 1765. Anno quinto Gbokgii I1T. C. 23. 4$

eight Pence 5 for every Treble Letter one Shilling; and for every Ounce one SbilMflg and four Pence 5 and *y

so in Proportion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, or other Things. ttowatj Sea.

For the Inland Conveyance of all Letters and Packets to or from any Chief Poll Office eftabUIhed* or Rate* of fetal

to be establtlhed, within the British Dominions in America* from or to any other Part of the said Domi- P©ft»ie in Ame-

nions, not exceeding sixty British Miles distant from such Chief Offices respectively, or from the Office *«•»for*? W-

where such Letters or Packets, not passing through any such Chief Office, may be put in, for cv^ Si^MUcii

Single Letter four Pence; for every Doutfie Letter eight Pence; for every Treble Letter one Shilling; 1

and for every Ounce one Shilling and four Pence; and, being upwards of sixty such Miles, and notcf

exceeding one hundred such Miles, for every Single Letter six Pence; for every Double Letter one Shil- 001

ling; for every Treble Letter one Shilling and six Pence; and for every Ounce two Shillings 5 and, Mij£*

being upwards of one hundred such Miles, and not exceeding two hundred such Miles, for every Single for upward* of

Letter eight Pence; for every Double Letter one Shilling and four Pence; for every Treble Letter two ioo, and note*-

Shillings; and for every Ounce two Shillings and eight Pence5 and, for every Dista nee not exceedingceedingaoo

one hundred such Miles beyond such two hundred Miles, and for every such further Difiance, for every Ml^,r^a^d for

Single Letter two Pence; for every Double Letter four Pence ; for every Treble Letter six Pence; and exceed-"

for evenr Ounce eight Pence; and so in Proportion, according to the said several and respo&ive Rates ing 100 Miles

and Difiances, for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, or other Things. further, fe.

4 III. And whereas by certain Clauses in the said Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her Red*1 of

said late Majesty Queen Arm*> it is enacted. That all Letters and Packets that, Claufaia A&

> «. x*.

_ , by any Matter of any

Ship or Vessel, or any of his Company, or any Passengers therein, Ibould or might be brought to any 9

- Port Town, or which should arrive or touch at any Port belonging to any Port Town within any Her

c Majesty* Dominions, or any the Members thereof, or which Ibould be on board any Ship or Vessel

4 which Ibould or did touch or stay at any such Port Town (other than such Letters a* in the said Act

4 are except* J) Iliould, by such Mafier, Paflengyr, or other Person or Persons, be forthwith delivered-

4 unto the Deputy or Deputies of such Poll Mafier General for the time being by him appointed for such

4 Place or Port Town, and to be, by such Deputy or Deputies, sent Poll unto the said General Poll

4 Office, to be delivered according to the several and respective Directions of the fame; upon Pain of

4 forfeiting the Sum of five Pounds of British Money for every several Offence against the Tenor of the

4 said Acts: And whereas the said Provision, in the said above recited Clause, hath been found ineflec*

4 tual for the Purposes intended ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from F*o«enA*aAir

and after the tenth D y of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Ship or Vessel shall

be permitted to break Bulk, or to make any Entry in any Port in the British Dominions, until all

and Packets brought by any Mafier of any such Ship or Vessel, or by any of his Company, or any tomakeEatry,.

Passenger on board the fame, to any Port in the said Dominions where Polls are or hereafter may be or bmkBolk,

establifhtd, and from whence such Letters and Packets can or may be dispatched by Port, shall be deli- tiUihtUturt.

vered to the Deputy or Deputies, or Agents, of the said Poll Mailer General for the time being, be j^0*J|^*

by him or them forwarded, according to their respective Directions, in the fame Course that other Letters

are sent from such respective Ports ; except such Letters, Commissions, and other Matters and Things, except in such

as arc excepted in the said Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Arme\ c*fe»wh*rttbtyr

and also, except all such Letters and Packets as shall or may be brought in any Ship or VeJlel liable to Brc f0 be^*-

the Performance of Quarantine ; all which Letters or Packets la ft-mentioned shall oe delivered, by the

Person or Persons having Possession thereof, to the Person or Persons appointed to superintend the Qua- Q^remine

rentinc, that all proper Precautions may be by him or them taken before the Delivery thereof; and when to bed»fp«tched

due Care has been had therein, the said Letters or Packets shall be by him or them dispatched, in the h him to the

usual and accustomed Manner, by the Port; and all Matters, Mariners, Passengers,. and other Person Po^°ftcc*

or Persons, neglecting or refusing to deliver the Letters or Packets brought by them as aforesaid, shall, t^T/^crr*fuLfinR

for every such Neglect or Refusal respectively, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; to be sued for and such Levin,

recovered by Act ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record within the Kingdom, forfeit 20 u*

Colony, Plantation, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed ; and no Essoin, Privilege, Pro-

testion, or Wager of Law, shall be admitted ; one Moiety of the said Penalty to his Majesty, his Heirs, Ono Moiety to.

and Successora, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons who shall or will inform against tbc Kin?»the

such Offender or Offenders, and r r '1 n ' ' T' ' * ' '

such Person or Persons, so informi

and have also taxed and paid their

of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and id. eitn char^--

for the said Deputy or Deputies to demand, have, receive, and take, for every such Letter and Packet so on all Ship

delivered from any Ship or VcflTcl, other than Packet Boats, to such Deputy or Deputies at the Ports in

his XL jetty’s Dominions, as shall be directed to any Place within the Town belonging to such Port, or

within the Limits of the Delivery of Letters and Packets by such Deputy and Deputies, the Rato or

Sum of one Penny, over and above what may now be received for the fame.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth Day of From and after-

Oeloberf one thousand seven hundred and fixfy-five, the Rates now payable for the Pottage of Letters and to coluber.

Ioicty thereof to such Person or Persons who mall or will inform against tbc «b*

nd sue for the said Penalties and Forfeitures; and for every Recovery ®ther|°lhePr0*

ming and nrofccuting for the said Penalties and Forfeitures, shall recover lccutor

cir full Cotta of Suit 1 any thing in the said Act, made in the Ninth Year with Full Cofli.-

Packrta sent or conveyed by the General Pott, not exceeding one Pott Stage in Great Britain and Ireland, ,he i\e*

and not exceeding two Pott Stages in that Part of Great Britain called Enpland* do cease and determine ; ^he-

and that from and after the said tenth Day of October* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, ir shall cenerli r

and may be lawful to and for the said Pott Mailer General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him there- uxexceeding*

unto-

