Anno nono Georgii III.

A.D. 1769.

562 C. 22.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Rate and Rates, Assessment and Assessments, to

nu»lie# ’ be made, laid, assessed, or collected, in pursuance of this Act, shall from Time to Time, and at ail

Times hereafter, be and continue subject and liable to, and charged with, all, each, and every, the An-

nuity and Annuities, and other Charges and Incumbrances granted, made, or charged, in pursuance of the

said former Act, upon the Rates or Assessments thereby authorised or directed to be made, laid, or assessed ;

and shall be accounted for, paid, applied, and made use of in such Manner, and to and for such Uses,

Intents and Purposes, as the said Rates and Assessments, authorised and directed to be assessed and raised

by the said former Act, are by the said former and this present Act directed to be accounted for, paid, and

applied.

4coof. to be raif- VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

ed by Annuities $ any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any

Five or more of them, for the Uses and Purposes in the said former and this present Act mentioned, any

Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, over and above

the Sum of Four thousand five hundred Pounds directed to be advanced by the said former Act, for the

absolute Purchase of One or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of

the natural Life of such Contributor respectively, or the natural Life of such other Person or Persons as

shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor or Contributors respectively, at the Time of

Payment of his, her, or their respective Contribution-money; so as the said Annuity or Annuities do not

exceed the Rate of Nine Pounds by the Hundred, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum, to be

paid as aforesaid; and so as the said Annuities, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, do not at any

One Time exceed in the Whole Three Hundred and sixty Pounds,

to b* charged on VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Annuity or Afiftui-

the whole Rates, tjes to purchased by virtue of this Act. shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and

payable from Time to Time out of the Monies arising by the Rates ana Assessments collected or to be

collected by virtue of this present Act; and all and every the Contributor and Contributors, upon the

Credit of the said former and this present Act, having paid, or duly paying the Consideration or Purchase-

money at the Rate aforesaid, for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or his, her? or their respective

Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have, receive, enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this Act to

have, receive, and enjoy, the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased,' out of the said Rates or

Assessments by this present Act appointed for the Payment thereof as aforesaid, during the Term of the

natural Life of the Person to be nominated by each such Purchaser or Contributor as before mentioned ;

and that all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers, and their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns,

and (teemed inde- fl*all have good, sure, absolute, and indefeazible Estates and Interest in the Annuity or Annuities so by

feasible Estate?, him, her, or them, respectively to be purchased according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this and the

said former Act; and that none of the said Annuities shall now or hereafter be subject or liable to the

Tax charged or to be charged upon Land by the Authority of Parliament: And that every Contributor

upon this or the said former Act, for the Purchase of any fuen Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her.

Receipt# and Or- or t*lc*r Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or Purchase-money, shall have a Receipt or Receipts

der for Payment for the fame, and also an Order on Parchment (which may be made out without any Stamp) for Payment

to be signed; and of the said Annuity or Annuities, for and during the natural Life of the Person who shall be so nominated

given to the Con- as aforesaid, by half-yearly Payments; which Order shall be signed by the said Commissioners or any Five

tnbutors. or more Qf them, an(J after signing thereof the fame shall be firm, valid, and of good Effect in the Law,

' according to the true Purport and Meaning of this and the said former Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the fevera! Rates and Assessments here-

in directed to be collected, levied, and paid, shall, uppn Default of Payment of the said Annuities grant-

ed or to be granted in pursuance of this or of the said former Act, vefl in the Annuitants until the fame

shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with Interest, and the Coftsand Charges occasioned by the Non-

payment of the fame; and the said Annuitants, in case there shall be any Arrear of the said Annuities,

and until full Payment thereof, with Interest and Charges as aforesaid, shall have the fame Powers and

^Authorities for auefling, collecting, distraining, and levying, the said Rates and Assessments, as are by this

Act granted to the said Commissioners and their Collectors, or anytof them.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

any Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors,

Administrators, or Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal,

or Hands and Seals, to assign fuen Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, or Interest therein, to any

Person or Persons whomsoever, and so toties queries j and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Orders or

Assignments shall be made, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, at the Charges of the said Commissio-

ners, for which Entry or Memorandum Two Shillings and Six-pence shall be paid, and no more; and no

such Assignment shall be deemed valid, unless such Memorandum or Entry shall be first made as aforesaid.

A# Annuitant# XI. Provided always. That as such Annuitant or Annuitants shall die off, and such Rates and Assess-

dic, Rate# to te ments can be lowered and reduced, the said Rates and Assessments to be laid on the Tenants and Occu-

limered. pjers iowerej an(j reduced Nine pence in the Pound in the first Place, and in the next Place the

whole Rate hereby laid and assessed upon the Landlords and Owners shall cease.

Money vefttd in XII. And be lt^urther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies raised or collected by vir-

Commiriioners. tuc, or by means, or under the Authority of this Act, shall be, and the fame are hereby vested in the said

Commissioners j

In Default of

Payment of the

Annuities, the

R ates to ft in

the Annuitants.

Annuities may

be assigned

quona.

