222

33*

Anno sexto Georgu III.

A. D. 1766.

Crown in lieu

thereof$

position thereof dated twentieth Augu/fn one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, and reeistrate in the

hooks of Council and SefEon third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and sixtynx, by Robert

Drummond, of PitkeUony^ to John Campbell E(quire, Cashier of the Royal Bank of Scotland: Also ail and

whole the Customs or Tolls of tnc Market* or Fairs held in the said Town of MuthiU\ together ilfo with

the Tiend Sheaves and other Tiends, as well great as final!, or the whole Lands, Tenement, and others

above written, together with the whole Premisses contained in the said Difoofition, by whatever Name

called or described in the Title Deeds thereof: Ail lying within the Parish of MuthiU9 and SherrfHom of

Perth; amounting in all to the yearly Rent of one hundred and sixty-five Pounds, nineteen Shillings, eight

Pence, and one-third of a Penny Sterling,

from the Date II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Date of fitch Grant,

of such Grant, fa to be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Sticceflbts, of the said Lands of Fernan and L/x, with the

of*reoeo * so Tiends and Pertinents thereof, in Exchange as aforesaid, the said Act of the twenty-fifth of his late Ma-

far as relates to

’Whs so far at it relates to these Lands, shall be, and the fame is hereby, repealed; and the said Lands of

these Lands, is Fernan and Lix shall, from thenceforth, be difannexed from the Imperial Crown of these Realms; any

repealed* and the Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: And that, from thenceforth, the aforesaid Parts and

raid Lands dif. portions of the Lands and Estate of PitkeUony % which shall be given to hi* Majesty in Exchange for these

thencrown°mtnd Lands o!f Fernap and Lix as aforesaid, shall be, and the fame are hereby, annexed unalienably to the Impe-

the Lands given rial Crown of these Realms, under all the Conditions, Provisions, and Limitations, and to the fame Pur-

in Exchange are poses and Uses, as contained in the foresaid Act of the twenty-fifth of his late Majesty, in the fame Man-

annexed to the ner, and as effectually, to all Intents and Purposesf as if these Parts and Portions themfcWes had thereby

been foecially and particularly annexed.

‘ III. And wheifcas the Tenants and Pofleflors of the hid Lands of Fernan have, by Usage and Custom,

4 enjoyed and possessed a Privilege or Servitude of pasturing and gtwing their Cattle upon other Parts of

4 the said Estate of Stroxuan 5 and the Tenants and Pofleflors of roe Lands of Lix have, in like Manner,

4 enjoyed and possessed the Privilege and Servitude of cutting Wood, for the neceflaryUfes of their Farms

* and Possessions, upon other Parts of the Estate of Perth5 and the Tenants and Pofleflors of the before

* mentioned Parts and Portions of the Estate of PitkeUenf (which are to be given in Exchange as aforesaid)

4 have, by the like Usage and Custom, become thirled or bound to the Mill of PitkeUony, commonly called

4 The MtllofStepiy for all Grain or Corn raised on these Parts and Portion*:’ And h being proper and

expedient that, at carrying the said Exchange into Execution, these and all other Servitudes mould be abo-

1 idled and discharged; be it therefore enacted by the Authoring aforesaid. That from and after the Date of

the Grant, so to be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the said Lands of Fernan and in

,. - Exchange as aforesaid, not only the several Privileges and Servitudes immediately herein before enumerated,

joyed byd&eTe- ^nt aMo all other Privileges and Servitudes claimed or enjoyed by the Tenants and Pofleflors of the said

nmnts, &c. of Lands of Fernan and Lixs of and upon other Pkrts of the said annexed Estates of Stroxvan and Perth; and

two Land* arc by the said John Earl of Breadalbane and his Tenants (for the Remainder of the said Lands of Pitkellonj and

to cede there- Mill thereof) of and upon the Tenants and Pofleflors*of these Parts and Portions of PitkeUony, then to

"P°B* be given in Exchange as aforesaid; and by the Tenants and Pofleflors of the said annexed Estates of Stream

and Perth, and of the Parts and Portions of PitkeUony, so to be exchanged as aforesaid, of and upon the said

Lands of Fernan and Lix, and Remainder of PitkeUony; shall from thenceforth cease and determine, and

be for ever after abolished and discharged.

, 4 IV. And whereas the Value of the aforesaid Parts and Portions of the Estate of PitkeUony, so to be

4 exchanged as aforesaid, doth exceed the Value of the said Lands of Fernan and Lix. in the Sum of three

4 hundred and nineteen Pounds nine Shillings three Pence and one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling \ be it

SatUfaction to therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, by Warrant under his or their Sign Manual, to order Payment to be made out of the Rents tf

bane for the*" anncxcd Estates, of the aforesaid Sum of three hundred and nineteen Pounds nine Shillings three

difference of Pence and one-sixth Part of a Penny, unto the said John Earl of Breadalbane, his Heirs and Assigns, to

Value in the compleat (with the aforesaid Lands of Fernan and Lix) the Price or Value of the Parts and Portions of the

Land* caching- Estate of PitkeUony, so to be exchanged as aforesaid.

«d.

Kefemtion of V. Saving to all and every Person and Person9, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs,

Right* Successors,^Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the King's most Excellent Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, and the said John Earl of Breadalbane, his Heirs and Successors) all such Estates,

Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims, and Demands, of, in, to, and out of, the Lands and Premisses to beex*

changed as aforesaid, as they, every, or any of them, had before passing this Act, or should or might have

had and enjoyed, in case this Act had never been made.

and the respec

tive Privilege*

and Servitude!

C A?.

