158 C. 15, 16. Anno sexto Georgii III. A. D; 1766.

of Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of

fnd ^ccorc* at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively : And that one Moiety of every

the other to the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety

Profrcutor. to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

These Duties to XX. And, for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, railing, levying, and securing, the said

be under the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, and preventing Frauds therein ; be it further enacted by the Au-

M%mentof the" t^lor*ty aforesaid, That such of the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as are charged upon Cyder

^ommiJrio°ner*e anc* Perry made in, or imported into England, Walesy or the Town of Berwick uton Tweedy shall be under

# and Officers of the Receipt and Management of the Corn mi (lion ers and Officers of his' Majestys Revenues of Excise in

Excise in Eng- England for the time being ; and such of the said Rates and Duties as are imposed by this Act upon Cyder

land and Scot- or Perry made in, or imported into Scotland, shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Comroif-

jandrefpeaivdyj f|0ners Qf Excise in Scotland for the time being 5 and the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the

major Part of them, have hereby power, by Commission under their respective Hands and Seals, to con-

stitute and appoint under them such Officers as shall be necessary in that Behalf,

and to be paid XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies anting by and in respect of

Into the Exche- Duties hereby granted and imposed (the necessary Charges of raifxng and accounting for the fameex-

an^the^Dutiea • cepted) shall, from time to time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty^s Exchequer at Westmit\fter, fepa-

»act to be applied rate and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue; and are hereby appropriated and shall be

an! issued, «• issued and applied to the same Uses and Purposes, in such Manner,.and under such Regulations, as the Mo-

the former Do- nies arising by the Duties hereby repealed were, by the said Act made in t;he third Year of his present Ma-

tiel* jesty’s Reign, appropriated unto, and directed to be issued and applied.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons shall at any

Time be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him of them done in pursuance of or by colour

of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person and Persons shall and may

Gtucrxl UTur. plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence in his or their Defence or

Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Act ion or Prosecution, or Judgement

shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants

TriWc Cofti* {hall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XV.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and sixty-six.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City of Bath, and

the Liberties and Precincts thereof.

Ptaunfcle. 4 TT WHEREAS the City of Bath is very large and populous, and is daily increasine by reason of the

4 VV great Resort thereto from all Parts of this Kingdom of Great Britain, as well as from Foreign

4 Parts, by means whereof, a very considerable Trade is carried on within the said City and Liberties:

* And whereas many Persons, to whom the Traders within the said City and Liberties are obliged to give

. * Credit for small Sums of Money, frequently refuse, although able to pay the fame, presuming on the

4 Discouragements which Creditors lie under from the Expence which they are unavoidably put to, and

4 the Delays they meet with in suing for such Debts: And whereas a more easy and speedy Method of re-

4 covering Small Debts within the said City and Liberties, would greatly tend to improve the Trade there-

4 of, and support useful Credit therein May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted,

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

Ceanu/fionen. the fame, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the said City, for the time being; together

with William Cclbcrncy Benjamin Colborne, Giles Jones, William Hoare, IValter Taylor, John Howfey Henry

Howfey George Chatmany Samuel Go\dncy, Richard Harfordy John Bovjdeny Henry Pullen, William Swallow y

Hanbury Bettingally Thomas Havilandy Thomas Pauliny Charles Simpfony William Wiltshire, Walter Dalla-

morey Robert Hayivardy Robert Hayward junior, Edward Par her, Richard Evatt, James Wally Lacon Lambt

Thomas Jelly, John Cottley John Doddy William Gallaway, William Rogersy Thomas Creafery John Eldertcny

John Palmer, William Vatchetty John Blakey William Prudiey Joseph Terry, John Spry, Thomas Wcjly Ed*

mund Hutchinson, William Clementy Charles Morgany Lewis Bicky William Frederick, Thomas Brookmany

William Kittoey Thomas Farry Joseph Philloty Markes Davisy and Samuel JVocdhouse, shall be, and they are

hereby appointed Commissioners, to hear and determine all such Matters of Debt as are hereafter men-

tioned ; and the said Commissioners, and their Successors, are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the

Name of The Court of Requests for the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, and the Liberties of the fail

Jtfcetingi, City \ and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby impowered

and required to meet and hold the said Court on every Tuesday, or oftener, if they shall deem it necessary,

in the Town Hall, or some other convenient Place within the said City of Bathy to be appointed by the

major Part of such of the Commissioners as shall be present at any such Meeting; and the Hi it Meeting of

the

v^oooole

