62

C. 27:

Anno quinto Georgii III.

A. D.1765.

and shall ulc, execute, and perform, all Prerogatives, Authorities, and Acts of Government, and Admini-

stration of Government, which belong to the King or Queen of this Realm to use, execute, and per-

form, according to the l aws the.ecfj but in such Manner, and fuhjecl to such Conditions, Restric-

tions, Limitations, and Regulations, 'as are herein after for that Purpose specified, mentioned, and

contained.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be

capable of being so nominated and appointed to be Guardian and Regent as aforesaid, other than and ex-

cept her present Majesty our most Gracious Queen Charlotte his Majesty’s Royal Consort, or her Royal

Highness Au^ujla Princess Dowager of Walts* or other than and except some one Person of his Majesty’s

Royal Family, defeended from the late Kingmis Majesty’s Royal Grandfather, whole usual Refidencfc, at

the Time of passing this fh ill have been, and from thenceforth, until such Nomination and Appoint-

ment, shall continue to be, iy Great Britain.

III. Provided nevertheless. That ic shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint, in

and by such Instruments as aforesaid, any Number of Persons, under the Restrictions aforesaid, (as to his

Royal Wisdom shall seem meet) severally to succeed each other in the Guardianship and Regency aforefakl,

by Way of Substitution, in case the Person or Persons full nominated and appointed shall happen to die,

during such Time as his said Royal Highness, or such other Successor as aforesaid, shall respectively be

under the Age of eighteen Years ; but so as that no more than one Person shall at any one Time be intitled

to such Guardianship and Regency as aforesaid.

irH tr> be either

the* Qj»een, or

Princess Dow-

ige- Wales,

cr one of theDe-

fcercUnts of the

lat* Kii u, usual -

Iv rest ;ng in

Gif-a: Britain.

A Nu.nber in

tiiicccilion, by

way uf SubfUtu*

tion, in c »fe of

Death, may be

nominated to

succeeH in the

C uardianftiip

and R egency ;

but no more than one Person may act as such atone Time.

And any such

Perrons are dif-

qualified to act

as Guardians and

Regents by Non-

rtfiJence,

or by marrying a

Pap,ft.

Instruments of

Nomination to -

be lValeiwith the

King’s Seal; and

the Seals of the

Archbishop of

Canterbury,

Lord Chancellor,

and President of

the Council; and

to be severally

deposited with

them i

But upon the

Revocation or

Alteration of

focn Instruments

by the King $ or

Death of any of

the Depositaries,

they me to be

delivered up j

as like wife in

case of Removal

of my of the said

Ofn :ers of State j

and on 1 he Ds-

mise of the

Ki.-.g, during

h.r h Minority,

the Privy Coun-

cil isto allcm-

b.’e, and the said

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person so nominated and

appointed to be Guardian and Regent as aforesaid, shall be capable of succeeding to, or holding such Of-

fice of Guardian and Regent, unless the usual Residence of such Person, from the Time of such Nomina-

tion and Appointment, to the Time of his or her succeeding to such Office of Guardian and Regent, shall

continue to be in Great Britain; and in case any Person shall become so disqualified by Non-residence as

aforesaid, or in case any Person so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, who shall have succeeded to, and

shall be in the actual Exercise of, the said Office of Guardian and Regent, shall not afterwards continue to

be resident in Great Britain; or in case any Person so nominated and appointed to be Guardian and Regent

as aforesaid, shall at any Time marry a Papist; then, and in every such Cafe, such Nomination and Ap-

pointment of the said Person shall cease and determine in the same Manner as if such Person were natu-

rally dead.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said three Instruments of Nomina-

tion and Appointment being sealed up under three several Covers with any Seal which his Majesty shall

think fit to make use for that Purpose, shall each be sealed also with the several Seals of the Archbishop

of Canterbury for the time being, of the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper or the first Commissioner named

in any Commission then subsisting for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, and

of the President of the Council for the time being ; and one of the said Instruments shall be lodged and depo-

sited in the Hands of the said ArchbMhop for the time being, another in the Hands of the said Lord Chancellor

or Lord Keeper or first Commissioner for the Custody of the Great Seal for the time being, and the third in

the Hands of the said President of the Council for the time being : And if his Majesty shall be willing

to revoke or alter his Nomination or Appointment made as aforesaid, and shall by three Writings, under

his Hand and Seal, require the said Instruments so deposited as aforesaid, to be delivered up to some Person

or Persons thereby authorized to receive the same, then, and in such Cafe, the Persons with whom the

said Instruments shall be deposited as aforesaid, and every of them, and in case of the Deaths of any of them,

their Executors and Administrators respectively, and every other Person in whose Custody any of the said

Instruments shall happen to be, shall deliver up the fame accordingly ; and in case the said Archbishop cf

Canterbury, or the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or first Commissioner for the Custody of the Great

Seal, or the said President of the Council, shall die, or be removed from their said Offices, before the Re-

delivery of such Instruments as aforesaid, the Persons so removed, and the Executors and Administrators-

of th- Person so dying, and every Person in whose Custody such Instrument shall happen to be, shall deli-

ver the fame with all convenient Speed to the Successor or Successors of the Person so dying or being re-

moved : And after the Demise of his Majesty, whensoever and as often as such Successor or Successors

respeeftively shall be under the Age of eighteen Years, the said three Persons, their Executors or Admini-

strators, and all other Persons in whose Custody the said Instruments shall then be, shall immediately bring

the fame befote the Privy Council then existing, which it is hereby enabled shall be forthwith, on such De-

mise, a film bled $ and such Instruments shall be there opened and read, and presently afterwards inrolled in

the High Court of Chancery.

Infliun.er.ts to be there produced and read.

o^n^>n,tyf°f ^I And be #lt ^mther enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That if any of the said Persons with whom

MJiX. t^le Instruments shall be deposited, or any of their Executors or Administrators, or any other Person

inert*, without having the Custody thereof, shall open any of the said Instruments in the Life of his present Majtrfty,

hisiVLjesty’sOr- without his Majesty’s Order; or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to produce and deliver the fame to the

drr,orrefufirgto prjvy Council ; every Person so offending, neglecting, or refusing, shall incur the Pains and Penalties of

farlrtoTh^Pri- Prcrnun're inflicted by the Statute of Premunire made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard

vy Council, in-

the Second.

cui* the Penalties of Prenaumre, 16 Rich. 2. c. 5.

VIL And

