373

.. D. i

767.

Anno feptimo Georgii III.

c.47.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for discontinuing the Duties on Logwood exported ; for taking off the Duties on Suc-

cus Idquoritia imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for explaining

such Parts of two Acts made in the tenth and twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne,

as relate to certain Duties on Silks, printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain; for grant-

ing a Duty upon the Exportation of such Rice as shall have been imported Duty-free, in

pursuance of an Act made in this Session of Parliament; and for more effectually prevent-

ing the Wear of Foreign Lace and Needle-work which are prohibited to be imported into

this Kingdom.

• IY7HE REAS the discontinuing the Duty payable upon the Exportation of Logwood from this King- Preamble.

4 VV dom, may be a Means of encouraging the Importation thereofMay it please your Majesty that

it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and From and after

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and *0 July, 1767,

by the Authority of the same. That from and after the twentieth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred n®.

and sixty-seven, the Duty now payable upon Logwood, exported from this Kingdom to any Parts beyond J*10rtat?on of

the Seas, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any Law, Quftom, or Usage, tOLogWOOdto

the contrary notwithstanding. ^ Foreign Parts y

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that due Entries shall provided due

be made at the Custom-house of all such Logwood, upon which the Duty is taken off by this Act, in the * made^

same Manner and Form, expressing the Quantities and Qualities thereof, as was used and practised before an^the fame be

the making of this Act; and such Logwood shall be shipped Outwards in the Presence of the proper Of- fliippedin Pre-

ficers of the Customs appointed for that Purpose; and the Exportation thereof shall be in British built Ships fence of anOf-

or Vessels, navigated according to Lajv > and on Failure of the said Conditions and Directions, or any of *nd in

them, the said Logwood shall he liable to the fame Duty as if this Act had never been made; any Thing veffds-b others

herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. wiVto’poy-

4 III. And whereas Succus Liquoritia is rated, in the Book of Rates made in the twelfth Year of theDutyt

4 Reign of King Charles the Second, at one Shilling per Pound Weight; according to which Value, the

4 Duties now payable upon Succus Liquoritia^ imported into this Kingdom, amount to seven Pounds

4 two Shillings and six Pence for every hundred Weight thereof: And whereas it has been found, by Ex-

4 perience, that the said Duties are too high; which has induced many Persons to import clandestinely great

4 Quantities of such Succus Liquoriti*y tq the Prejudice of the Revenue and the fair Trader :* For Remedy

whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twentieth Day of July, one JThc r°r™r

thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, the several Duties payable upon the Importation of Succus Lique- Li,?orit!*UtoU,

ritia shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and, in lieu thereof, there shall be paid and payable to^ease; tBd in

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Succus Liquoritia which, lieu thereof joi*.

from and after the said twentieth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, shall be im- per hundred

ported into Great Britain, the Sum of thirty Shillings. Weight.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty by this Act granted to be paid in

shall be paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Allowance; and shall not be afterwards readr Money j

drawn back or repaid upon the Exportation of the fame Goods ; and shall be raised, levied, collededj and

paid, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and backonExpor-"

Forfeitures, as the Duties upon Succus Liquoritia hereby determined, or any of them, might have been taiion, iced

raised, levied, recovered, and paid, if the fame, or any of them, had continued*

V* And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties to arise upon the Importation and to b« aPPIiei:

of Succus Liquoritia pursuant to this Act (the necessary Charges of Management excepted) shall be appro- *8 l^c present

priated and applied, as near as may be, to the same Uses and Purposes as the present Duties upon Drugs, upoa

rated by the Book of Rates made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, are appli-

cable, or ought to be applied.

4 VI. And whereas by an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reigp of her late Majesty Queen Anney Redtai of Cl*ul*

* intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into in Aa 10 Aaam-

4 the fame ; and upon Chequered and Striped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoesy Linens, andc*

4 Stuffs, printed, paintedy or stained; and upon several Kinds of flampt Vellumy Parchment, and Paper ; and

4 upon certain printed Papers, Pamphletsy and Advertisements \ for raising the Sum of one million eight hundred

4 thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery, towards her Majestys Supply ; and for licensing an additional Number

4 of fiackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better securing her Majesty

4 Duties to arise in the Ojpce of Stamp Duties by Licences for Marriages, and otherwise; and for Relief of Per—

4 fans who have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Time, or have lofl Exchequer Bills or Lottery Tickets ;

4 and for borrowing Money upon Stock (Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company) for the Use of the Pub-

4 AV; it is, amongst other 1 hings, enacted, that there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and

4 for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and;

4 Stuffs, of what Kind soever, which, at any Time or Times, within or during the Term of thirty-two

Years, to be reckoned from the twentieth Day of July9 one thousand seven hundred and twelve, should»

? bft

