A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. C. 43, .44. 769

or Horsehair Hats or Bonnets* or any Platting or other Manufactures herein before mentioned to be St«w ana Chip Hat*,

used in or proper for making of such Hats or Bonnets, shall be imported or brought into any Part p°ru*{|*t

of Great Britain^ except into the Port of London only, upon any Pretence whatsoever; nor shall Jhe°p”ryt cf Lon(ion> u

any such Goods be imported or brought into the Port of London, unless the fame shall be packed nor there. lrf> than'75

in Bales or ft ubs, each of which Bales or Tubs shall contain Seventy-five Dozen of such Hats or Dozen of Hat* or Bon.

Bonnets, or Two hundred and twenty-four Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of such Platting or other "pVor 2*4lk# Wu

Manufactures at the lead respectively; and in case any such Goods shall be imported or brought in- 1

to any other Port or Place within this Kingdom, except in the Port of London, or shall be found on

board any Ship or Vessel coming or arriving from any Foreign Parts, either at Anchor, or hovering

within the Limits of any Port, of this Kingdom, or within Two Leagues of the Shore, or shall

be discovered to have been within the Limits of any such Port, and not proceeding on her

Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable Necessity and

Distreis of Weather, of which Necessity and Distress, the Master, Purfeis or other Person,

having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall give Notice to, and

make Proof of, before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of such Port as

aforesaid, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel into the said Port; or if any such

Goods shall be imported or brought into the Port of London, in any other Form or Manner, or in

N any less Quantity or Package than is herein before mentioned and allowed; in each and every such

Cafe, such Goods so imported, or found on board any Ship or Vessel* contrary to the true Intent;on Forfeiture thereof,

and Meaning of this Act, together with the Package containing the fame Goods, or the Value there- tozCther With 1>aclr"

of, shall be forfeited, whether Bulk shall then have been broken or not; and the Ship or Vessel fn #6e'

which such Goods shall be so imported or found as aforesaid, with all her Tackle, furniture, and

Apparel, shall also be forfeited and lost, provided such Ship or Vessel doth not exceed the Burthen e*cLdin/co

of Fifty Tons; and such Ship, Vessel, or Goods, shall and may be seised and prosecuted by any Tons Burthen j to b#

Officer or Officers of His Majesty’s Customs, and, after Condemnation, disposedof and divided in the prosecuted and divided

same Manner as other forfeited Goods, and Ships or Vessels not exceeding Fifty Tons Burthen, a> <!‘aed by

are directed to be seised, prosecuted, disposed of, and divided by an Act made in the Third Year

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituleck 4 * * * An Act for the further Improvement of His Ma- 3 Geo* m.

4 jelly's Revenue of Customs; and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seifurcs; and for

the Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions/

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of Artiom,

commenced against any Person or persons for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pur-

fuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the

General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had there- Central issue,

upon, and that the fame was done in Pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if after-

wards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be-

come nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be gi-

ven against him, her, or them,sUpon Demurrer or otherwise; then such Defendant or Defendants

Avail have Treble Coils awarded to him or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs. Treble

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for more effectually preventing Traders in F.xcifeable Commodities from uf-

ing false Weights and Scales; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Par-

liament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

WHEREAS several Traders, subject to the Survey of the Officers appointed by the Com- Preamble.

missioners of Excise, are severally required by the Laws concerning the Duties under the

c Management of the said Commissioners, to keep just and sufficient Scales and Weights, at the

Place or Places where they carry on their respective Trades, to be used in taking the Account of

the Stocks of such Traders: And whereas, the Penalties in those Laws provided, have by Expc-

4 rience been found ineffectual, and not sufficient to restrainnhe using false Weights and Scales, in

4 regard the Duties of One Weighing oftentimes amount to more than the Forfeiture incurred ;

4 whereby some ill-disposed Persons have been encouraged to make use of false, unjust, and infuffi-

4 cient Scales and Weights, to the great Diminution of the Revenue, and to the Discouragement

4 of the fair Trader: For Remedy whereof. May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ;

4 and* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflombled, and by

the Authority of the same, That if at any Time after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thou- After 24 J >n-, 177#,

sand seven hundred and seventy, any Trader, subject to the Survey of any Officer of Excise, and Tr^cr uiiu$ false

required by the Laws concerning the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Ex- ^':jh-sT'jnd Scs^s

cife to keep sufficient and just Scales and Weights, shall in the Weighing his, her, or their Stock the Dunci,11

or Stocks, make ufc of, or cause, or procure, or suffer to be used, any false, unjust, or infufliftent '!

Scales or Weights, to the Intent to defraud His Majesty of the Duties by the said Laws respec-

tively granted; that then, and in every such C«fe, the Party or Parties offending, shall forfeit the forfeit* iool.

Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

If. Provided always, That such Offender, who shall be prosecuted for the Penalty by this Act ov-n.icrnot to be pj.

given, shall not be again prosecuted for the fame Offence by any former Act; and that such Often- imVo twice for the

der who shall be pro.ecuted for the Penalty given by any former Act, shall not be prosecuted again 1<?mc

for the fame Offence by virtue of this present Act, or any Thing herein contained.

Vol. X. 5 F DigitiJUtj/fciOO

