I

p

A.D. 1770. Anno decitno Georgii III. G. 3J* 32; 33. ^55

in any Ship or Vessel built in Great Britain, or in His Majesty’s Colonies in America, or belonging to any

of His Majesty’s Subjects, and navigated according to Law, that shall clear outwards in any Port of Great

Britain for the Province of East or IVeJi Florida, or in any Port thereof, to ship or laid Rice in such Pro- oortccTfrom the

vince, and to carry the famedirectly to any Port Southward of Cafe Finijfcrre in Europe, without carrying Fieridas to the

the fame to any other of His Majesty’s Plantations in America, or to Great Britain ; under the like Entries, Southward of

Securities, Restrictions, Regulations, Limitations, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are particularly Cape Finifterrc,

described, appointed, limited, or enabled for that Purpose, in and by an Act p ailed in the Third Year ofElation*•»*"

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty to carry from Catol*ina,

Rice* fromHis Majesty's Province ofCarolina />7 America direttly to any Part of Europe, Southward of\>y Act jGco/a.

Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, as fully

and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, rowers. Directions, Penalties,

ar.d Forfeitures relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present

Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in Force TW* Act to con-

until the Twenty-ninth Day of September* One thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence cDU*10 Forfctt,i

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament* cp ’ *774!

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for defraying the Expence of building the New Office of Excise in London, out of

His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise.

4 WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for p«amult rent-

4 V V carrying into Execution an Agreement made between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City ingcA“ *

4 of London, and the IVardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the said City, and Stamp Brooks- c‘*31*

4 bank Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenue of Excise* for the Purchase- of Gresham

4 College, and the Ground and Buildings thereunto belonging* and for vesting the fame unalienably in the Crown*

4 for the Purpose of wetting and building an Excise Office there* and for other Purposes therein mentioned; it is,

* amongst other Things, enacted, That the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London*

4 and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, shall, within a

c Time therein limited, pay or cause to he paid unto the Receiver-general of His Majesty’s Duties of Ex-

* cife, the Sum of One thousand eight hundred Pounds, for and towards the Expence of pulling down the

4 said College, and the building an Excise Office there ; and that the Receipt of such Receiver-general shall

4 be a sufficient Discharge for the fame : And whereas a considerable Expence, over and above the said Sum

4 of One thousand eight hundred Pounds, has already been incurred, and must necessarily be further in-

4 curred in ereCting and building such Office for the managing and conducting the Business of His Ma-

4 jesty’s Revenue of Excise; and Doubts have arisen, whether the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Trea-

4 fury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are sufficiently authorised by Law to direct Money

4 arising out of His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, and in the Hands of the Commissioners of Excise, or of

4 any Officers belonging to them, to be applied for or towards Payment of the said Expences: Now, for

4 settling such Doubts, May it please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted ;’ and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo-

ral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall Treasury impow-

and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time *red t<> directthe

being, and they are hereby authorised by their Warrant or Warrants, from Time to Time, to require and ExdfctTdefi^

direct the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise for the Time being to pay, or cause to be the Eipenceof

paid, out of the Money in their Hands, or in the Hands of their Officers, all fuen Sums as shall be so re- budding new

^uired and directed by such Warrant or Warrants to be paid, on Account of the Charge and Expence al- E*cir« Office;

ready incurred and to be incurred in ereCting and building the said Office of Excise; and the Money so paid, which Au)l be

in pursuance of such Warrant or Warrants, shall be accepted in their Accounts as so much Money paid a^ow.ed£hcm '*

into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer; and the said Commissioners of Excise shall b£ and arc hereby the £xchcqu,r*

discharged thereof accordingly.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made 9 Geo. 3. c. 14,

in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Sec *oGc«. 3.

Att for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax* to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the c'

Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with

those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for

granting an Aid to His Majesty determined by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year

One thousand seven hundred and seventy. EXP.

CAP.

5 D 2

