592 C. 26, 27. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

Benefit of this to the Benefit of this Act, on and subject to the fame Terms and Conditions as are herein expressed and

A^* declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only.

Thofewh wePri- LI. ‘ And whereas great Numbers of poor People have been, and are now imprisoned for Debt upon

cefsTu^of Coum* ^, oce^s issuing out of Courts of Conscience it is hereby enabled and declared, That all such Prisoners

ofconscience, Entitled to have the Benefit of this Act, and be discharged under the fame, provided he, (he, or

have the Benefit they conform to the Directions herein before prescribed, touching other Prisoners who shall be discharged

of this Act. by virtue of this Act.

Quaker’s Affir- LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes wherein by this Act an

nation to be u- Oath is required, the solemn Affirmation of any Person being a Quaker, shall and may be accepted and

ken in lieu of taken in lieu thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and

an Oath. false affirming, shall incur and fuffcr such and the fame Penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this Act upon

Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

Persons who took LIU. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who took

il»c-Benefit oithetjlc ft nefit Qf an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

€.41° excluded?* intituled, An Atl for the Relief oj the Injolvent Debtors, shall have or receive any Benent or Advantage of

or under this Act, nor be deemed to be within the Intent and Meaning thereof, so as to be discharged under

the fame; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

ThisAflnottccx- LIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to that

trad to Scotland. part Df Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to continue certain Laws therein mentioned, for granting, for a limited Time, a Li-

berty to carry Rice from His Majesty’s Provinces of South and North Carolina and Georgia,

directly to any Part of America to the Southward of the said Provinces, subject: to the like

Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies to Places in Europe

Ctuate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre.

Preamble* c TWHEREAS t is expedient that the Laws herein after mentioned, which have been found useful

c VV and beneficial, and which are near expiring, should be continued: May it therefore please Your

Majesty, that it may be enacted; and* be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of

Act Geo. 3. c. His present Majesty, intituled, ‘ An Act for granting, for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from

lOc/fron? South Majesty’s Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America to the Southward

c’aroliru^ar.d'11 of *he (hid Provinces, subject to the like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said

Georgia, &c. ‘ Colonies to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Finijlerriand also a Clause in an Act

and clause in made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, ‘ An Act for more effectually securing

Act 5 Geo. 3.C.c and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty's American Dominions; for repealing the Inland Duty on

4S. allowing like Coffee, imposed by an Act made in the Thirty-second Year of His late Majesty King George the Se-

Cwoiin*0 N°rth4 cond 5 and for granting an Inland Duty on-all Coffee imported (except Coffee of the Growth of the

arc n } < ftritish Dominions in America); for altering the Bounties and Drawbacks upon Sugars exported; for

repealing Part of an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of His said late Majesty, whereby Bar Iron

‘ made in the said Dominions was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or carried Coastwise;

1 and for regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs in the said Dominions which gave Liberty to

carry Rice from Forth Carolina, in the same Manner, and under the like Entries* Securities, Restrictions,

Regulations, Limitations, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures as were enacted by the said Act made in the

Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, with respect to carrying Rice to the Southward of South

Carolina and Georgia; which have Continuance for Five Years from the Fwenty-fourth Day of June, One

thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

the?u”hc^?erm^a^ he, an(* t^lc ^ame are hereby eontinued from the Expiration thereof for the Term of Five Years, and

e/y years. “ from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament*

CAP.

