360

C. 44. Anno feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1767.

_the Person or Per Tons to whom such Capias shall be directed, to appear in the Court out of which such Ca-

pias shall issue, at the Day of the Return of luffi Writ, to answer such Suit or Prosecution ; and shall like-

wife, at the Time of such Appearance, give sufficient Bail or Security by such Persons as aforesaid,

in the said Court, to answer and pay all the Forfeitures and Penalties incurred for such Offence or

Offences, in case he, (he, or they, shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her, or their Body or

Bodies to Prison.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Action or Suit shall be com-

menced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or

Cenerallffue. Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the

Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done determined by the Autho-

* rity of this Act ; and if it shall appear to have been so done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or

Defendants : And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their

Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Verdict or De-

murrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall rc-

Treble Cofti. tover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in

other Cafes by Law.

incase of Doubt XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Cambricks or Lawns, or

vh^TethoGood* P0CK*S Kind usually known by or under either of those Denominations, shall be seized by virtue or

wens^rnanufac-* *n P.urfuance of this or any other Act now in Force ; or if any Action shall be brought by the Owner or

tured, Claimer of such Goods against any Officer of the Customs or Excise, or any other Person, for any Thing

done in pursuance of this or any other Act now in Force, and any Doubt or Question shall ariie where

the Proof to lie such Goods were manufactured ; the Proof thereof shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer of such Goods,

orCbdmcrnCr an<* not on ^er^on w^° seize(* the fame, or against whom such Action shall be brought ; any Law,

# Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Assurance ; and for reducing the

Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences

for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors ; and for explaining and amending

several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

Preamble recit-

ing Clauses in

Act 5 Geo. 3.

c. 46*

Policies for any

Number of Per-

fons, and to any

Amount, not

exceeding rooool.

on Ship, or

Cargo, or both,

may be allured

by a 5 s. Stamp ;

and to any

higher Amount,

by a 10s. Stamp,

Aoy additional

Allurance to the

original Policy,

not being duly

is void,.

and the Premium

c T T 7HERE.AS by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

4 VV intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admissions into Corporations or Companies, and

4 for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Gr .at Britain ; it is, among other Things, enabled,

4 That from and after the fifth Day of July* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if the Proprietors

4 of more than one Person in any Ship, Cargo, or both, or of more than a particular Number of Persons

4 in general Partnership, or of more than one Body Politick or Corporate, to a greater Amount in the

4 Whole than the Sum of one hundred Pounds, in any Ship, Cargo, or both, be assured on the fame Po-

4 licy, such Policy should be void, and the Premium paid thereon remain the Property of the Affurer; with

4 a Proviso, that it should and might be lawful to assure, or cause to be assured, the Properties of any Num-

4 her of Persons whatsoever, in any Ship, Cargo, or both, by one-Policy, damped with five Shillings each;

4 any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas such Part of the said Act as

4 is before recited, has been found very inconvenient to Merchants, Traders and others, redding out of this

4 Kingdom, and injurious to the commercial Dealings thereof;’ May it therefore please your Majesty, that

it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and

sixty-seven, it shall and may be lawful to assure, or cause to be assured, the Properties of any Number of

Persons whatsoever, in any Ship, Cargo, or both, to the Amount of any Sum, not exceeding in the Whole

the Sum of one thousand Pounds, by a Policy damped with a Stamp of five Shillings; and that it shall and

may be lawful to assure, or cause to be aftured, the Properties of any Number of Persons whatsoever, in

any Ship, Cargo, or both, to the Amount of any Sum whatsoever, by one Policy damped with two Stamps

of five Shillings each; and that every Policy so stamped shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents

and Purposes whatsoever ; any Thing in the said Act made in the.fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

or any former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provider! always, That if any Risque or Adventure, distinct from the Risque or Adventure mentioned

in the original Policy, and upon which any further Premium shall be given, shall be, by any Writing or

Declaration not duly damped, added to any such original Policy, such additional Assurance shall be void,

and the Premium paid thereon shall remain the Property of the Afi'urer.

goes to the Insurer.

Duti-? to be un- 'III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more effectual raif-

<i«rrt )T Govern- jpg, levying, collecting, and paying, the said Duties herein before mentioned, the fame shall be under the

of the Covernment, Care, and Management, of the Commiffuners, for the time being, appointed to manage

4V A t hi*

Ljooooie

