A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. C.21. 549

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Order of the said Trustees, Order* not to be-

made in pursuance of and according to the Directions of this Act. shall be afterwards revolted or altered rc^r^ ^ltbout

by any subsequent Order, unless Nine of the said Trustees shall be present and concur in the making fuch9 ru

subsequent Order.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Trustees hereby appointed, TruCce# t* dcvk

and hereafter to be elected in Manner before mentioned, or any Five or more of them, {hall have full and Plvc«

sufficient Power andAuthority, from Time to Time, to order and direct the publick Streets, Lanes, Al-

leys, and publick Passages, in the said Town, or any rart or Parts thereof, to be paved and repaired when

and as often as they shall fee Occasion, and in such Form and Manner as they {hall think fit; and to hire

and employ such Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others, as they {hall think proper and approve of

from Time to Time, to pave or repair the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and publick Passages, from Time

to Time ; and to contract with such Workman or Workmen for such Rates and Prices for their Skill and

Labour therein, and to issue and appoint to be paid such Sums of Money, Wages, and Salaries, in respect

of th * Matters aforesaid, a* to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem just and rea-

sonable ; and to cause all such Bridges, Tunnels, Grates, and Conveyances for Water, to be laid and

placed acrols the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and publick Passages, as they shall think rcauiftte and ne-

cessary ; and also to make and establish all such further and other Orders, Rules, and Regulations, and to

do all and every such other Acts and Things, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, {hall

judge necessary and conducive to the accomplishing the Ends and Designs aforesaid.

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it {hall and may be lawful’to and^1"

for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to ascertain, set out, order, and appoint, the several ‘erta’" the p<|r*

Parts, Shares, and Proportions, of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages* which have been and c iarge*

ought to be paved, repaired, swept, or cleansed, by the Lord of the Manor of Gcinjburgh aforesaid, in

rcipe& of his Tolls, or by the Inhabitants of the said Town at large, or by any private Proprietors of

Messuages, Dwelling-houses, Shops, Tenements, Frontsteads, or other Property in the said Town; and

such Parts, Shares, and Proportions shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times then after* be paved and

kept in Repair according to such Order and Appointment, and {hall be swept and cleansed determined by such Owners

rcme&ively, or their Farmers or Tenants, or otherwise according to the Directions herein after contained.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Gravel, Sand, Stones, Cob-Trustee* to p*y.

bles, and other new Materials necessary for the first forming and new paving of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, for Materials*

and Passages aforesaid, shall be provided by the said Trustees ; and the Expences thereof, and of laying*,nddd,fpofcof

all such Bridges, Tunnels, Grate?, and Conveyances for Water, as are before directed, shall from Time°‘

to Time be defrayed out of the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Duty on Coals herein after

authorised to be received ; and that it {hall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or

more of them, or such other Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to

Time order and appoint, to dig up, have, take, and use all such Gravel, Sand, Stones, Cobbles, and othe*

Materials, as {hall be found in the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys* and Passages, and to use and employ the

fame again in the new Pavements, or otherwise to sell and dispose of the fame, or such Parts thereof as

they {hall think proper, and with the Money arising from the Sale thereof to purchase other Materials

to be used in such new Pavements.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Costs, Charges, and Ex-For Payment of.

pences whatsoever, in ident to or attending the forming and new paving the Streets, Lanes, Alleys and the Earner of

Passages aforesaid, {hall be borne and defrayed by the said Trustees out of the Monies which {hall

borrowed upon the Duties on Coals herein after authorised to be received ; except only the Expence of

laying or pitching futh new Paveme nts, so far as the fame ought to be repaired by the Lord of the Ma-

nor as such, or by any private Pfoprierors of Messuages, Dwelling-houses, Shops, Tenements, Frontsteads,

or other Prope; tv in the said Town ; and that the Expences of the laying or pitching only of such Parts

of the said new Pavements as ought to be repaired by the said Lord of the Manor as such, or by such private

Proprietors as aforesaid, shall be paid by such Lord of the Manor and Proprietors respectively, rateably

and in proportion to the Number of superficial Yards of such Pavement belonging to each and every of

them respectively to repair, such Shares and Proportions to be from Time to Time settled by the said

Trustees, or any Five or more of them.

XIII. Provided always. That such Expences of new laving or pitching of the said new Pavements, {hall Protifo.

notand do not exceed the Sum of Four-pence for every superficial Yard thereof.

XIV. And* for the more easy Recovery of the Expences of such laying or pitching of the said new por Rkotv^

Pavements, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 1 hat the said Trustees, or any Fivetbe.eoi.

or more of them, {hall and may, and they are hereby authorised from 'l ime to Time, and as often as

Occasion shall require, when they shall have settled and ascertained the Shares or Proportions of all,

every, or any of such Proprietors, of the Expences of new laying or pitching of the said new Pavement,

to order and diredi the Sh ires and Proportions of all, every, or any of them, which {hall have been so

settled and ascertained, to be paid by such Proprietors, or any such Proprietor, to such Person or Persons

as the said Trustees. or any hive or more of them, {hall appoint to- receive the same ; and in case any

such Proprietor or Proprietors {hall negieif or refuse to pay his or her Share or Proportion of such Ex-

pences as aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of Four-pence for every superficial Yard, within Fourteen

l)ays after the fame shall have been demanded, the fame, together with the further Sum of Ten Shilling?

<u»

L.c>oole

