50+ C. 33.

Anno oAavt> Georgii III.

A.D. 1768.

tohere Houses

arc Jet out in

Tenements,

Owners are to

be alfrlTcd*

tes for

1 u 'cs under

per Ann.

y be* cc m-

inded for.

'Where Houses

shill be unoccu-

pied, Owners to

be on'y charged

One Half of the

Rates)

and the Premises

remain a Secu-

rity.

Dead Walls, and

void Spaces of

Ground, may be

fated.

Temnts and

Occupiers to pay

the Rates.

Occupiers cuU-

iiip, without

pa) in^ Ra’es,

may be followed

Demand made theredf, dr Demand Writing left at the Place of Abode or Occupation of such Person of

Persons; then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Clerk, or other Person

or Persons so to be appointed Collector or Collectors, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and

required to levy the lame by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neg-

lecting, refuting, or omitting to pay the fame: And in case no such Goods or Chattels can be found to be

so distrained, or in case such Goods and Chattels {hall be locked up or secured, or removed from the said

Clerk, or other Collector or Collectors* so that he or they cannot aiftrain the feme 5 then, and in either

of the said Cafes, upon Information thereof given to any Two Justices df the Peace for the said County or

Place, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required to commit the Person or

Persons so assessed, and refuting or neglecting to pay the said Rates, to the common Gaol for the County

or Place where such Person or Persons shall reside or shall be found, there to remain without Bail or Main-

prize for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Month, or until the Payment of such Rate or Af*

ieflment, and reasonable Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof*

XXXVII* 4 And whereas many Houses within the said Streets and Lanes are by the several Owners

and Proprietors thereof let out in Lodgings or Tenements to divers Tenants* whereby it will be diffi-

4 cult to recover such Rates and Assessments when made; for Remedy whereof,* be it further enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or

more of them, from Time to Time, and at all Times when they meet to make a Rate in pursuance of

this Act, to rate and assess the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Tenements as shall be let to or occu-

pied by Two or more Tenants; which Rate and Assessment shall be paid by One or more of the Tenants

or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of such Houses; and in case any Occupier or Occupiers of any Part of

such Houses or Tenements shall refuse to pay the fame, then the said Rate and Assessment shall be levied

by Distress and Sale of the Goods of him, her, or them, so refuting to pay the fame: And such Occupier

or Occupiers of such Tenements respectively is and, are hereby required and authorised to pay such Sum

and Sums of Money as shall be so rated orassessed on the Owner or Owners of such'Houses, in pursuance

of this Act, and to deduCt the fame out of the Rent thereof; and the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or

Proprietors thereof, are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the

Residue of their Rent; and every such Tenant, paying such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments*

shall be acquitted and discharged for so much Money as the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments,

shall amount unto, as if the fame had been actually paid to such Person or Persons to whom his, her, or

their Rent should have been or shall be due and payable.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That it shall and

may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, to com-

pound with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any such Houses, or any other Houses

within the said Streets and Lanes, the annual Rent or Value whereof shall be under Ten rounds, for the

Rate by this Act authorised to be laid upon such Houses, so as in such Competition there be not remitted

to any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, more than One Third of the Rate

by this Act laid upon such Houses respectively.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall so happen that any

of the Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, or any Part or Parts

thereof, within the said Streets and Lanes, or any of them, shall, at any Time, from and after the making

of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, be empty* untenanted, or unoccupied; that then,

and in every such Cafe, One Half of the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or One Half of

such other Rates as may be. assessed by virtue of this A Ct, shall be paid by the Owners or Proprietors of

such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults* or other Tenements; and in case of Nonpay-

ment thereof, such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses; VauPs* Cellars, or other Tenements, shall dc

and the fame are hereby made a Security for, and chargeable with, such Arrears.

XL. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commission-

ers, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby required, at such Times as the Rates hereby di-

rected shall be made, to rate all dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground adjoining to the said Streets and

Lanes, at such Rate as the said Commi (boners, or any Five or more of them, shall judge reasonable, for

every Yard running Measure of such Dead Walls ana void Spaces of Ground, not exceeding the Rate of

Two Shillings and Sixpence per Yard.

XLI. And, to the end the said Rates may be more effectually collected and received* be it further

enacted, That all and every Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers* of Lands, Houses, Shops,

Warehouses* Wharfs, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, are and shall be liable to pny the Whole of

such Rut.s, whan no Composition shall have been made as aforesaid, to the Collector or Collectors to be

appointed as herein after directed.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That when any Person or Persons, who

hath or have been rated and aileffed by virtue of this Act, shall quit his, her, or their Dwell ii g-house»

Warehouse, Wharf, Shop, Vault, Cellar, or Tenement, whereupon such Rate or Assessment 1 as been

made, before be, (lie, or tly-y, shall have paid the fame, and shall afterwards refuse to pay thefam^, when

due and demanded by the Person or Persons authorised and appointed to collect and receive* the fame; that

then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector ot ColleCtcis, and

every or any of them, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more Justices of the Peace

acting

D itize . r

