750 C. 27, 28. Anno decimo Georgii III. A. t). 1770.

Defendants 5 or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her,

or their Action, Suit or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared ; or if in any

such Act m, Suit or Information, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defen-

pjcble Certs. da»t or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant

or Defendants hath or have for any Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

I\ilUk Act. XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act shall be allowed in all

Courts whatsoever as a Publick Act ; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons arc hereby required

take Notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

cap, xxym.

An Act for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the County of Essex.

Pr«i«Wc. * Y T J HEREAS the Common Gaol of the County of Efffex^ situated at Chelmsford in the said County,

t y, is too small; and being awery ancient Building, and greatly gone to Decay, is so incapable of

c being repaired, that it is necclfary a new Gaol should be built : May it therefore please Your Majesty

* that it may be enacted;* and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of

the Peace for the said County of Essex, at their next General or Quarter-sessions of the Peace for the said

County after the paihng of this Act, or at any other subsequent General Quarter-sessions, to authorise

One or more Person or Persons on their Behalf, to contract for and purchase a convenient Piece or Pieces

of Ground, or Tenements adjoining to and communicating with the present County-goal, within or

near the Town of Chelmsford aforesaid ; and that the fame when purchased, shall be conveyed to the Right

ff^mmiftloners Honourable William Henry Earl of Rockford, Sir. JViUiam Maynard of IValtctts Baronet, Sir Anthony

Kam®.» Thovtus Abdy of Alb\ns Baronet, Sir William Mildmay of Atoulfimm Hall Baronet, John Luther of Aiylejs

Esquire, the Right Honourable Richard Rigby of Mi/lley Hall, Charles Gray of ColcheJLr Esquire, Chester

Moor Hall of Sutton Esquire, Richard Ben\on of Guiddy Hall Esquire, Thomas Berney BramJJon of Skreens

Esquire, Peregrine Bertie of Low Layton Esquire, Batnber Gascoigne of Barking Esquire, William Mills of

Wardens Hall Esquire, James Round of Colch ester Esquire, Charles Smith of Stratford Esquire, John Saint

Ltger Douvlafs Esquire, John Bullock of Falkborn Hall Esquire, Isaac Alartin Rcbow Esquire, John Arnold

IVallinger Esquire, George Hatton Esquire, Jacob Houblon Esquire, John Griffin Griffin Knight of the Bath,

Richard Benyon junior Esquire, General Honeywood, John Conyers Esquire, Join Coe Esquire, Thomas Coe

Esquire, Charles IVeJlern Esquire, Daniel Alathew Esquire, and Sir William IVake Baronet, and the Sur-

vivors of them, and their Heirs ; who shall befeifed thereof, inTruft f<?rthc Service and Benefit of the said

County, for the Uses hereafter mentioned.

JrmfcM imjxMv- H. Ant| be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall be lawful for all Persons what-

^oeveL fe«lcd of, or interested in, or inti tied unto the said Piece or Pieces of Ground or Tenements ;

* * and also for all Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Feoffees inTruft, Committees, Executors, Admi-

nistrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, but also for

and on Behalf of their Ceftuique Trusts, whether Infants or I flue unborn, Lunaticks, Ideots, Feir.es-

covert% or other Person or Persons whatsoever, and to and for all Femes-covert who are or shall be seised ,

or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who arc

or shall be feiled, pofl'cfled of, or in.erected in the said Piece or Pieces of Ground or Tenements, under

any Manner of Right or Title whatsoever, to convey the fame respectively unto them the said Trustees

herein before n:'med, and the Survivors of them, and their Heirs, for the Purposes of building a new Gaol 1

Ir Parties cannot and in case the said Justices and Persons cannot agree upon a Sum to be paid for any of the Premises re-

ajree, Jury to spectively, then the said Justices shall cause the Value of the said Estates to be enquired into and afccr-

fettie Recom- tained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Efffex \ and in order-thereto, the said

Wtncflesmay Just*ces> or the major Part of them lo afi'embled, are hereby impowered and required, from Time to

I* examined on l ime, as Occasion shall be, to summon and call before such Jury, and examine upon Oath all and every

Oath. Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined concerning the

Premises (which Oath any Two or more of such Justices are hereby impowered to administer) ; and such

Justices shall, by ordering a View, or otherwise, use ail lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own

as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of and

act'efl'ed such Value and Recompence, they the said Justices shall thereupon adjudge the Sum or Sums of

Money so assess'cd by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Person or Persons according to the Verdict of

Yrrdia to be such Jury ; which said VerdicI shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against

all Parties and Persons whomsoever. And, for summoning and returning such Juries, the said Justices

are hereby impowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of Essex, com-

manding him to impanel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Men of the said

County, but not being in the Com million of the Peace, to appear before the said Justices, at such Time;

and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed ; and such Sheriff or his Deputy or De-

puties, is and are hereby required to impanel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly ;

and out of the Persons so summoned, impanelled, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear

upon such Summons, the said Justices shall, and they are hereby impowered and required -to swear or

cause to be sworn Twelve Men, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid ; and in Default of a

iltflicient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff', or his Deputy or Deputies, shall jeturn other boneft

N.

