512 c.

33. Anno octavo Georgii III. A. D. 1768.

shall fee cause, to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties and Forfeitures* or any of them, as they

shall think proper, not exceeding One Moiety of them, or any of them, to and.for the Use of the Infor-

mer or Informers, or any of them ; any thing herein contained 10 the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where Cognizance is

given to any Justice or Justices of the Peace by this Act, it shall be lawful for such Tuftice or Justices to

aJminifter an Oath to any Person for his or their more certain Information in the Matters then depend-

Ixxxi.

Justices may ad.

Bvmiler Oaths

in

rrocefdinpitobe ^aaai. And be it further enacted, That a Book or Books shall be prepared and kept by the said Com-

«me/ed in Books millioners, or by such Person or Persons as they, or any f ive or more of them, shall appoint, wherein shall j

be fairly entered, from Time to Time, the Names of such Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, \

shall nominate and appoint.to put in Execution the Purposes of this Act, and Copies of all Orders and i

Proceedings relating thereto, and also an Account of what Monies shall have been a defied, raised, levied,

and paid, by virtue of this Act, and how the fame shall have been applied, and the Names of the Annui-

tant or Annuitants, and what Sum or Sums he, she, or they, paid for such Annuity or Annuities respec-

tively, and what he, ihe, or they, is or are to receive for the fame ; which Book or Books the said Annui-

tants, or any of them, and all Persons contributing to the said Rates or Assessments, may, at all conveni-

ent Times, peruXe and inspect without Fee or Reward.

<*rrmissionrr$( LXXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authori:y aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall at all

•icu dctraytUsi-tjlejr \feerings under this Act pay and defray their own Expences.

r^refs not ^un- LXXXII 1. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That where any Distress shall be made

jawfuil*for wants°r any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed

ot Forraj • unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespafter or Trcfpaflers, on account of

nonhePtrtydif-any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distrai 11-

training dtemed ing be deemed a Trespafter or Trespassers ab imtioy on account of any Irregularity which shall be after-

wards done by the Party or Patties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irrcgulaiity

* Witl0' may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Cafe.

riiintiff notto LXXXIV. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such

recover, it Ten- ^regularity, Trespafs, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the

iwu^cen made/ ^ehalf the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregula-

rity, Trespafs, or wrongful Proceedings* before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender ft all

have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave

t*f the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such

•Sum of Money as he or they shall fee fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders and Judgements shall

he had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay

Money into Court.

Writings to bt LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That noNomination, Contra ft, Bond,

without Warrant* Judgement, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of,

or only signed by, any Commissioners, or Justice or Tuftices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or

under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any other Person or Persons whatfo-

ever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any S:amp-duty whatsoever.

Proceeding to fee LXXXVT. Andbc it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Orders and Proceedings of

entered in aBook.t^c fa*lcj Commissioners, at their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose;

and such Orders and Proceedings, so entered, shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks at any Meeting of Jive

Books may be or m<>re of the said Commissioners assembled, as the Cafe shall require ; and such Orders shall be deemed

read in Evidence.and taken to be original Orders ; which said Book or Books shall and may be produced and read in Evi-

dence in all Courts whatsoever.

Proceeding* not LXXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceedings to be had touch-

to be quaked for ing the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against tnis Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or

w*nt of orm, to or transacted in, or relating to, the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or qualhcd

for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any ot His

Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXxXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be

commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty-

one Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or after suffici-

ent Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calen-

dar Months next after the Fast committed for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so

brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the County or Place where such

Matters and Things respectively shall be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place; and

the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and eve™ of them, may plead the General Issue,

and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had there-

upon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shill be so brought,

was done in Pursuance, and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear

to have been so done, or if it shall appear that fuGh Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days

Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any

such Act'on or buit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be

4 laid

nor removeable

b yeCtrtiorari,

.Limitation of

Actions.

General Issue*

