A.D. 1766. Anno fejrto Georgii III. C. 30. 21 r

4 XVI. And whereas it sometimes happens, that Persons engaged to fcrv£ in the Militia, for a certain

1 Time, do enlist in his Majesty’s Regular forces, whereby the Regiment, into which they enlist them-

1 selves, is defrauded of the enlisting Money, and other Inconveniencies ensue to prevent the fame more^?!itIa Man e*-

effectually for the future, be it therefore enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June* one !££Kins'?*

thousand feveri hundred and sixty-six, any Militia Man enlisting himself into any of his Majesty’s other other Fora,

Forces shall, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Militia Man is now liable, better completing

deemed to be legally enlisted j and shall, from the Day in which his Engagement to serve in the Militia hU TimeofSer-

shall end, belong, as a Soldier, to such Corps of his Majesty’s other Forces into which he shall have en-v.,cc.mth! Mili*

lifted during the Time that he was engaged to serve in the said Militia; and shall, till regularly discharged,^V0idj^i'^he5

be liable to all the Duties of a Soldier, and to all the Pains and Penalties inflict^d by the Act for punishing Corps intowbkb.

Mutiny and Desertion, and the better Payment of the Army and its Quarters. he enlisted.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver General of the Land Receiver Gene-

Tax, so soon as he shall receive a Warrant under the Hand of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of their .ral rccc:v*

refoe&ive Regiments or Battalions, certifying the Receipt of the Cloathing, and an Order from the said "J* lhcCom-

Colonel or Commanding Officer for the Money due on account of the fame, payable to the Person or Per- mandingOffiar,

Tons who furnished the said Cloathing, shall pay the Sum mentioned in such Order to the Person intitled to certifying the

receive the same; and such Warrant and Order* together with the Receipt of the Person receiving the said *ccciPfof th%

Money, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver General.

Payment, is to pay the fame accordingly.

XVIII. And fce it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, If any Regiment,

Or Independant Company, Qull cease and determine, during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of three &c. flulu-afe.

Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Bat- 3 *• P*r .®,cn,»14

ttlion, or Independant Compaay, from the Time such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company m c

Audi cease, to the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand Feven hundred and sixty-seven. fuCtl rime to

€ XIX. And whereas by an Act made in the second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,r<^iof*7

4 An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to Chutes in Act

f the Raiding and draining the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England, it is enacted, 7 nat * Gc0* 3-c-

€ in all Counties and Places where the Militia shall not have been raised in pursuance of the former Acts

• * relating thereto, and where it should not be raised in pursuance of the said Act, the Sum of five Pounds

4 should dc annually paid, in lieu of every Private Man to be raised within the same; and his Majesty’s

* Lieutenant of every such County, Riding, or Place, or three or more Deputy Lieutenants, at the Expira-

* tion of every Year in which such Militia should not have been raised, from and after passing the said Act,

* should, from Year to Year, certify the fame in Writing under his or their Hands, and also the whole

" Amount of the several Sums of five Pounds per Man, to be raised on such County, to the Justices at

f their General Quarter Sessions next held after the End of the said Year; and that the said Justices should

* thereupon forthwith rate and afiefs on such County, Riding, or Place, the Sums mentioned in such Cer-

€ tificate; the fame to be assessed, collected, levied, paid, and accounted for, in the lame Manner, in all

4 Refpefta, as the County Rates are, by an Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

4 George the Second, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to be rated, afleited, collected, levied, paid,

* and accounted for; and that the said Rates should be paid by the Treasurer of such County to the Rc-

* reiver General thereof, whose Receipt should be a sufficient Discharge for such Payment: And whereas Act Gee. j,

4 by another Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty^ intituled, An Act to explain c. 17.

* and amend an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain,

4 amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the Raising

4 and Training the Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England; it is enacted. That where

4 the Militia had not been raised, or should not be raised, for any County or Rjding within which any City,

* or Town, or Place, shall not be rated to the County Rate, the said Payment of five Pounds per Man

4 upon the whole Number of Private Men, to be directed to be raised within any County or Riding,

* should be apportioned between such County, City, Town, or Place, in the Proportion their respective

* Quotas paid to the Land Tax bear to each other: And that the Sums so apportioned should be paid out

4 of the Poors Rate collected within such City, Town, or Place, in Manner prescribed by the said Acts of

* the second Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, to the

4 Treasurer of the County, who is to pay over the fame to the Receiver General thereof, together with

4 the Proportion of the said Sum of five Pounds per Man, to be paid by such County, Riding, or Place :

4 And whereas by another Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to ex*anJ Act

4 plain, amend, and enforce, the several Laws now in being relating to the Raising and Training the Militia within V c- 1^.

4 that Part of Great Britain called England, it is enacted, That the Lieutenants of every County, Riding,

4 or Phcf, wherein the Militia should not have been raised, or should not continue to be raised, in purlu-

4 ance of the several Acts for raising and training the Militia, should certify under their Hands yearly, to

4 the Justices at their General Quarter Sessions to be held next after the second Turfday in May in each

4 Year, that the Militia had not been raised for such County or Place the preceding Year, and the whole

4 Amount of the several Sums of five Pounds per Man, to be raised on such County or Place ; and in that

* Cafe, of the Absence of his Majesty’s Lieutenant in Parts beyond the Seas, three or more Deputy Lieu-

4 tenants should be appointed to certify as aforesaid ; and if there should be no Lieutenant, then three or

4 more Deputy Lieutenants, to he appointed by his Majesty’s Sign Manual, should be authorized to pro-

4 ceed in ihe Execution of the faiJ Acts; and in case his Majesty’s Lieutenant should be beyond the Sea-,

E c 2 4 and

