A.D. 1769.

Anno nono Georgii III.

c- H- 575

4 tions ind Revenues (in the said Act before mentioned) lately obtained in the East Indies should re-

4 main in Possession of the said Company and their Successors during the said Term of Two Years:

4 And whereas the said Company have made Proposals to enter into a further Agreement respecting the Propoi^ m3&e

4 said Acquisitions and Revenues upon the Terms and Conditions herein after mentioned; that is to say, by the East India.

4 First, 1 hat Four hundred thousand Pounds a Year be continued to the Public for Five Years, from the Comp.my fora

4 First of February, One thou land seven hundred and sixty-nine: Secondly, That the Company be atfur:her Agree*

4 Liberty to incicafc their Dividend to, Twelve and an half per Centum during the said Term, so as not toment*

4 exceed One per Centum in any One Year: Thirdly, That if the Company shall, during the said Term,

4 be oblig d to reduce their Dividends from any Cause whatsoever, in such case there shall be deducted

4 from the Sum agreed to be paid for the Use of the Public, a Sum equal to such Reduction and in like

4 Manner, if the Company's Dividends shall atany Time during the said Term be again raised or reftor-

4 ed, the Public shall receive equal Benefit; but if the said Dividends shall be reduced to Six per Centum,

4 then the Payment to the Public shall be discontinued: Fourthly, that the Company shall be obliged to

4 export in every Year duri: g the Continuance of this Agreement, Goods and Merchandizes of the

4 Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, (Military and Naval Stores excepted) of the like

4 Value as they shall appear to have exported annually on an Average of Five Years preceding this Agree-

4 ment: Fife! ly. That if any Surplus of Cain shall remain in England, during the said Term, after the

4 Discharge of the Company’s Simple Contraft Debts, bearing Interest, and the Reduction of the Com-

4 pany’s Bond Debt to the Debt which shall be due from the Public to the Company, then such Sur-

4 plus shal! be lent to the Public at two per Centum per Annum: And whereas it may be for the Benefit of

the Public and the said Company, that proper Provisions should be made for carrying the said Proposals

4 into eficftual Execu ion: Now we Your Ivlajilly’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of

4 Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that it may be enacted;

4 and’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excel lent, Mr. jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporil, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity of the fame. That the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, 400,cool. p?r

and their Successors, shall advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, for His Majesr Ann-1<» icpaid

tv’s Use, the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, for and during the Term of FivcJ^J1*® cj!^any

Years, to be computed from the First day of February, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, by ,*,e

Half yearly Payments of Two hundred thousand Pounds each; which Half yearly Payments of Two Term of 5

hundrcvl thousand Pounds shall become due on the First Day of Avgujl and the First Day of February Ynrs, b> Hjif

in each Year; and such of the said Half yearly Payments as shall so become due on the First >*arl> Pay'nt,»

before the Twenty- fifth Day of March next

of 2C Q, C Ool»

each.

Day of August in each Year, shall be made on or

ensuing; and such of, the said Half yearly Payments as shall so become due on the First Day of Fe-

bruary in each Year, shall be made on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September next ensuing such First p4Vmenf

First Day of Fetruary respectiv Jy in each Year; the First of which Half yearly Payments shall become become due on 1

due on the First Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, and be made on or before Aug. 1760;

the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy: And in case the said United and roh<’niadfby

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their Successors, shall make Failure in2^ arch, 1770.

any of the said Payments hereby appointed to be made into the Receipt of His Majtfty’s Exchequer on or^" ^enr^Suit

before the respective Days or Times herein before limited, that then, from Time to Time, as often as such to^rin^uutrd1*

Cafe shall so h?ppen,the Money whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made shall and may be recovered for Recovery

to His Majesty’s Use, by Action of Debt, or upon the Cafe, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of His thereof.

Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVcJhninJlcr, wherein no ElToin, Prouftion, Privilege, or Wager of

Law, shall be allowed, or any more than One Imparlance; in which Action, Bill, Suit, or Informa-

tion, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the

East Indies or their Successors, are indebted to his Majesty the Monies of which they fHall have made De-

fault in Payment according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the fame, which shall be fuf-

ficient; and in or upon such Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, there shall be further recovered to His with Djmage*

Majesty's Use against the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or afrcr the Rate

their Successors, Damages after the Rate of Fifteen Pounds per Centum per Annum for the respective Monies ^V/nn^itii

so unpaid contrary to this Act, together with Full Costs of Suit; and the said United Company and jpCuu coAaT*

their Successors, and all their Stock, Funds, and all other their Inflates and Property whatlocver,

shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of such Monies, Damages, and

Costs.

II. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Territo- Tmi*! Ae-

ri :l Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, shall remain in the Pofleifion of the said ^remain

United Company, and their Successors, during the said Term of Five Years. Company.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat the Monies which shall be paid into the \fpnjc;

Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, in pursuance of this Act, shall be there reserved to be difj>olcd of r0 be iefnvc.i for

and appropriated by Parliament. the Diipofitica

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company, and thcrr°r ,>arlun,ent*

Successors, during the said Term of Five Years, shall beat Liberty, from Time to Time, to increase Pe0^pla”jrn*|t

the Dividends upon their Capital Stock; so that any such Increase of Dividend shall not in any One Dmitmiit

Y<-ar, during the said Tern»*of Five Years, exceed the Sum of One Pound per Centum on such Capital

Stock; and so that by any such Addition or Additions, the Dividends to be made upon the said Stock

shall

