A.D. 1766. . Anno sexto Georgii III. C. 49. 265

minica; and also the following Duties for and upon the Goods and Merchandizes herein after mentioned,

which shall be imported into the said Island of Dominica; that is to say,

For every Barrel of Beef and Pork, six Pence, Duty a*©* other

For every Firkin of Butter, six Pence. ^ GooS« imported

For every hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Sugar, six Pence. ioto Du®*nica«

For every hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Cocoa, two Shillings.

For every hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee, six Pence.

And after those Rates for any greater or lesser Quantity of such Goods and Merchandizes respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Duties shall oe deemed and Dutiet to be

taken to be Sterling Money of Great Britain, and be received to the Amount of the Value which such no- deemed a* ster-

minal Sums bear in Great Britain; and that such Monies may be received and taken according to the Pro- *!,n8

portion and Value of five Shillings and six Pence the Ounce in Silver; and that the said Duties shall be Rat* of

raised, levied, collected, and paid, and recovered, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules. Ways, Jt. 6d. per Os.

and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as any other Duties now payable to his Majesty upon Stiver.

Goods imported into, or exported from, the British Colonies or Plantations in America, may be respectively

raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, by any A & or Acts of Parliament now in force; and that Application

all the Monies which shall^ arise by the said Duties (except the necessary Charges of railing, collecting, j*

levying, recovering, answering, and accounting for, the fame) shall be applied and disposed of, from Time

to Time, in such Manner as his Majesty shall, by any Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Ma-

nual, countersigned by the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the TreaTury for

the time being, direct and appoint, for defraying the Expences of carrying into Execution the Purposes of*

this Act, and for maintaining, securing, and improving, the said Ports; and if any Overplus shall remain

of the Monies arising by the said Duties, after defraying such Expences as aforesaid, the fame shall be

paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at WesiminJitr, and be there reserved, to be, from Time to

1 ime, disposed of by Parliament, towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending, protecting, and

securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America*

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of t b°,h*'d

November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, no Duties shall be paid, other than such as are herein coodtal»fore-

before mentioned, for or in respect of any Goods the Growth or Product of any Foreign Colony or Plan- said imported

ration in America* which shall be imported into any such Port in the said Island of Dominica (except such Into Don mica.

Duties as have been, or shall be, imposed, by any Act of this present Session of Parliament, upon Melasses than those before

and Syrups imported into any British Colony or Plantation in America) any Law, Custom, or Usage, to S^iponiMe-*"

the contrary notwithstanding. syrup«.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of After 1 lan.

January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, all Goods and Commodities of American Produce, 1767, a»i Ame-

which shall be imported into Great Britain from the said Island of Dominica (except such Quantities of fican

Sugar and Rum as shall be imported by Certificate as herein after mentioned) shall be deemed and taken Britain

to be Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Foreign Colonies or Planta- from Dominica,

tions, and shall be liable to the fame Duties, Regulations, and Restrictioni, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in (certificated Ruin

all Respects, as the like Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any French Colony or Plan* and Sugar ci-

tation would be liable to by Law. jepted} aremide

liable to the fame,

Dutiet, tec. as like Goads of the French Colonies.

XVI. And it h hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day Licence to ?m-

df January* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, it shall be lawful to import from the said Island P°rt certificated

of Dominica, in British built Vessels navigated according to Law, into Great Britain, any Sugar or Rum,

upon Payment of the like Duties and Customs as are now payable upon the Importation of Sugar and Rum und^r certain

respectively of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the British Colonies or Plantations in America; conditions and

and such Goods shall, in all other Respects, be liable to the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictidns, as Regulations.

British Sugar and Rum are now liable to by Law; provided the Person loading such Sugar and Rum on

board any Ship or Vessel in the said Island of Dominica shall, before the Clearing out of the fame, prove to

the Satisfaction of the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs, at the Loading Port, that the

said Goods bona JiJe grew, or were produced and manufactured in the said Island of Dominica, by the Oath

of the Grower, Maker, or Shipper, of such Goods, or his or their known Agent or Factor, expressing in

Words at Length, and not in figures, the Quality of the Goods so shipped, with the Number and Deno-

mination of the Packages; which Oath shall be administered by such Collector, or other principal Officer

of the Customs, and signed in his Presence by the Person proving the Fa&s; and the Collector, or other

principal Officer of the Customs, before whom such Proof shall be made, shall thereupon grant to the

Master, or other Person having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel, a Certificate, under his Hand and Seal

of Office (without Fee or Reward) of his having received such Proof pursuant to the Directions of this A&;

which Certificate shall exprefi the Quality of the Goods shipped on board such Ship or Vessel, with the

Number and Denomination of the Packages; and upon the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel into any Port

in this Kingdom, the Master or other Person taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall,

at the Time he makes his Report of his Cargo, deliver the said Certificate to the Collector, or other prin-

cipal Officer of the Custonvj, in such Port, and make Oath before him, that the Goods so reported are the

fame that are mentioned in the said Certificate.

Vol. X. Mm XVII. And

