The TITLES of the STATUTES.

6. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the Open

Fields, and certain Commonable Places, in the Parish

of HaUcughtcn, in the County of Leicester.

y. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the Open

Fields, in Ratby, in the Parish of Ratby, and County of

Leicester.

t. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and

Waste Grounds, in the Parish of IFaddingtony in the

County of the City of Lincoln.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Fields and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Sad-

dingtony in the County of Leicester%

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields

and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Scawby, in the

County of Lincoln.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-

mons, within the Manor or Lordship of Brampton, in

the Parish of Longmartcny in the County of Weft-

moreland.

it. An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Common,

' or Tract of Ground, Parcel of Mendipy in the Parishes

of East Cranmort and IVeJl Cranmorey in the County of

Somerft.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common,

or Waste Ground, called Derby Htllsy in the County of

Derby, Parcel of the Manor of Ccftlt Doningtony in the

Counties of Leicester and Derby.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea-

dows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish of

hlackbonrtony in the County of Oxford.

15. An Act to enable William Har weedy and his Issue, to

take and ufc the Surname and Arms of Backwelly pur-

suant to the Will of 11'i I dam BackxvelL deceased.

16. An Act to enable William Head Lfquire, a Minor,

and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of James

only, and to bear the Coat Armour of the Family of

John Ja Kies Esquire, deceased.

17. An Act for naturalizing Christsan Gottlieb Schafer.

18. An Act for naturalizing John Nicholas Jacquin.

19. An Act for naturalizing John Julius Angerjlein.

20. An Act for vesting the Manor of Lymiagtony and cer-

tain Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Scrner-

ft and Wilts, settled by the Will of John Walker Esquire,

deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for settling other

Lands and Hereditaments in the said County of IFiltSy

in lieu thereof; and for other Furpofcs therein men-

tioned.

An Act for discharging certain Estates from the Uses

and Trusts thereof, created in and by an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his late Ma-

jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for charging the settled

ana unsettled Estates of Gilbert Cal dicot Esquire, with

raising Money, to pay his Debts and Incumbrancer, and for

limiting his unfitted Estates so charged to the If s of his

Marriage Settlement; and for charging the said Lllatcs

to the (cvcral Uses and Trusts therein mentioned.

ai. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields and Grounds, within the rarish of

Bcnniuortby in the County of Lincoln.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds,

within the Manor and Parish of Navenby, in the County

of Lincoln.

2s. An Act for dividing and inclosing Part of the Com-

mon Fields, in the Parish of Lppingbam% in the County

ot Rutland*

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain OpenLancfo*

Grounds, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Win-

tertony in the County of Lincoln.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Waste Grounds, within the Township and Manor of

Thornton, in Bradford Dale, in the Weft Riding of tha

County of York.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields*

Downs, Meadows, and Waste Lands, within the Manor

or Manors of Comptony in the Parish of Enford, in the

County of Wilts.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Parish of Bafjcn-

thwaite, in the County of Cumberland.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, Copses, and Commonable Ground, within the

Parish of Denton, otherwise Divington Parva, in the

County of Northampton.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing JVyvill Heathy in

the Lordship of Wyvill cum Hungertony in the County of

Lie coin.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of

Open Ground, called Dunnington Moor, in the East

Riding of the County of York.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields*

Common Pasture, and other uninclosed Grounds, within

the Township of Weft Heflerton and Parish of Yedding-

homy in the East Riding of the County of York.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable

Lands, within the Parish of Bottcsford, including the

Hamlets of Easthorfe and Normar.tony in the County of

Leicester.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing two common (tinted

Pastures, and a certain Moor or Common, within the

Manor of Bellerby, in the North Riding of the County

of York.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of Open

Ground, in the Township of Ecnjwiaf, in the County

of York.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, and Waste Ground, in the Lordship or Li-

berty of Ravcnfloney otherwise Raunfton, in the Countie*

of Leiccfcr and Derby.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Lands, and Downs, withia the Manor and

Parish of Wcjhvclly in the County of Oxford.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common

Fields and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of

Bulkingtony in the County of Warwick.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of

the Common Arable Fields, and me Common Mea-

dows, Pasture Grounds, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

wifnin the Townships of Sherhurn, Lennertony Barkflon-

Ashy Church Fentoriy Little Fentony and Biggin, in the

County of Yonf.

40. An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual,

an Act made in the seventh Year of his pres’enr Majesty’*

Reign, intituled, An Act for dividing a certain Fen%

called The Haute Huntrc, Eight Hundred, or Holland

Fen, and certain ether Commonable Places adjoining thereto,

in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

41. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an

Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and improving

certain Low Marjhy and Fen Lands, tying between Boftun

Haven and Bourne, in the Parts of Keftcvpn and Holland,

in

1

