36 c« *5*

Anno quinto Georgij III.

A. D. 1765.

within fix

M» mh* after

the Offence.

None liable to

forfeit for taking

Fjfii in any

R Iver, Sec.

wherein they

have a Right,

Per font convict-

ed of entering

Warrens, in the

Night-time, and

taking or killing

Conics there, or

aiding or aflilt*

sng therein, may

be punished bf

Transportation,

or by Whipping,

Fine, or Impri-

fonment.

Persons convict-

ed on this Act,

not liable to be

convicted under

any former Act.

This Act not to

extend to the de-

stroying Conies

in the Day-time,

on the Sea and

River Banks in

t‘ r County of

Lincoln, See.

No Satiifaftton

to be made for

Damages occa-

fioned by Entry,

nnleft they ex-

ceed 1 s.

one Imparlance, {hall be allowed; provided that such Action or Suit be brought, or commenced, withi*

six Calendar Months next after such Offence or Offences shall have been committed.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That nothing in this Act

shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject or make liable any Person or Persons to the Penalties

of this Act, who shall fish, take, or kill, and carry away, any Fish, in any River or Stream of Water,

Pond, Pool, or other Water, wherein such Person or Persons {hall have a just Right or Claim to take,

kill, or carry away, any such Fish.

4 VI. And whereas there are many thousand Acres of Land in this Kingdom altogether unfit for Cul-

4 tivation, and yet the fame are capaole of rendering great Profit, by the breeding and maintaining Conies,

4 as well to the Owners of such Lands, as to a Multitude of industrious Manufacturers, who gain their

• Livelihood by working up Coney Wool: And whereas a great Part of the said Land is already used as

4 Warrens, in the breeding and maintaining Conies, but, because divers disorderly Persons, neglecting

4 their own lawful Trades, have betaken themselves to the taking, killing, and stealing of Conies, in the

4 Night-time, whereby the Owners and Occupiers of such Warrens are greatly discouraged, and many

4 such Owners and Occupiers have been induced to destroy such Warrens, and others have been deterred

4 from flocking other Lands, to the great Prejudice of the Manufactures of this Kingdom : And whereas

4 the Provisions already subsisting have, by Experience, been found inefficient for the effectual Prefer-

4 vation of Conies in Warrens:’ For Remedy thereof, be it further enacted, That if any Person or

Persons shall, from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, wilfully

and wrongfully, in the Night-time, enter into any Warren or Grounds lawfully used or kept for the

breeding or keeping of Conies, although the fame be not inclcfeJ, and {hall then and there wilfully and

wrongfully take or kill, in the Night-time, any Coney or Conies, against the Will of the Owner or

Occupier thereof, or {hall be aiding and a (lifting therein, and shall be convicted of the fame before any

of his Majesty’s Justices of Oyer and Terminer, or General Gaol Delivery, for the County where such

Offence or Offences shall be committed ; every such Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof

lawfully convicted in Manner aforesaid, shall and may be transported for the Space of seven Years, or

suffer such other lesser Punishment by Whipping, Fine, or Impnionment, as the Court, before whom such

Person or Persons shall be tried, shall, in their Discretion, award and direct.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted. That no Person who shall be convicted of any Offence against

this Act, shall be liable to be convicted for any such Offence under any former Act or Acts, Law or

Laws, now in Force.

4 VIII. And whereas great Mischief and Damage has been, and still may be, occasioned by the Increase

4 of Conies upon the Sea and River Banks in the County of Lincoln, or upon the Land or Ground within

4 a certain Distance from the Laid BanksFor Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That nothing in this Act contained {hall extend, ‘or be construed to extend, to prevent any Person or

Persons from killing and destroying, or from taking and carrying away, in the Day-time, any Conies

that {hall be found on any Sea or River Binks, erected or to be erected for the Preferyation of the adjoin-

ing Lands from being overflowed by the Sea or River Waters, so far as the Flux and Reflux of the Fide

does or {hall extend, or upon any Land or Ground within one Furlong Distance of such Sea or River

Banks, so far as the Flux and Reflux of the Tide does or {hall extend, or upon any Land or Giound

within one Furlong Distance of such Sea or River Banks; but that it shall and may be lawful to and for

any Person or Persons to enter upon any such Banks, Land, or Ground, as aforesaid, within the said

County of Lincoln, and to kill, destroy, take, and carry away, in the Day-time, to his or their own

Use, any Conies so found upon any such Banks, Land, or Ground, as aforesaid, within the said County,

he or they doing as little Damage as may be to the Owner or Tenant of such Banks, Land, or Ground

any thing in this or any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also. That no Person or Persons shall be obliged to make Satisfaction for any Damages

that may be occasioned by such Entry, unless such Damages shall exceed the Sum of one Shilling.

CAP. XV.

An Act for enlarging the Times limited for executing and performing several Provisions,

Powers, and Directions, in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

preamble. * \WHEREAS by certain Acts of this present Session of Parliament, several Provisions, Powers,

4 VV and Authorities, therein contained, have been or may be required, directed, or authorized, to

4 be executed on or before the Day of the passing of such Acts respectively, whereby several Doubts

4 and Difficulties may arise with respect to the Execution of the said Acts, and the good Purposes thereby

4 intended may be defeated be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

Where It shall assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Act of Parliament hath passed, or doth

happen, that any or {hall pass, at any Time whatsoever during this present Session of Parliament, whereby any Provision,

Provisions or Power, or Authority, or any Matter or Thing, hath been, is, or shall be, directed, required, or autho-

A°ftC?h* Sef- r*zcc^ to executed, done, or performed, on or before any Day which hath been, is, or shall he, the

(ion °(hall be di-PaV of the passing, or which hath, is, or shall have elapsed before the passing of any such Ad respec-

rested tobeexe-tively; in each and every such Cafe, all such Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Matters, and Things, as

•uiedonorbc- have been, are, or shall be, directed or required to be executed, done, or performed, on or before the

Days

