A.D. 176S. Anno octavo Georgii III. G. 33. 499

Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he

shall compound with the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and shall have paid such Com-

petition, in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners, or any Five

or more of them, are hereby impowered to make) and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and

Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more

of them*

VII. Provided always, That no Person who shall be committed on account of his having no Goods or Pn>viso#

Chattels, shall be detained in Prison for any Term longer than Six Months.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That upon the Death of any such Officer, or other Person to be On Death of

appointed as aforesaid,*h is Executors or Administrators shall, within Twenty-one Days next after such offic"5» Elcc*

Decease, deliver to the said Commissioners under thi$ Act, or any Five or more of them, an Account of the *°7o«ntt w

Monies collected or received by the Person so deceased for the Purposes of this Act; and shall also deliver

all Books, Papers, and Things, concerning his Office to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners,

or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same; which Money, if any due, shall be paid

by the Executors or Administrators of the Person so deceased in preference to, and before any of, his or

their other Debts are paid or satisfied.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, who shall be employed

by the said Commissioners as a Clerk, Surveyor, or any other Officer or Servant, in the putting this Act,di^iifi-d*

or any of the Powers thereof, in Execution, shall exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, toot,

other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards, as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by

the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, for or on Account of any Thing done or to be

done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever relative to the putting this Act in Execution ;

or shall be any Ways concerned in interest in any Bargain or Contraft made or to be made by the said

Commissioners, dr any of them, for the Purposes of putting this Act in Execution; every such Person,

so offending, shall be incapable of ever serving or being employed under this Act, and shall forfeit the Sum

of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons wno shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record, within Six Calendar Months after the

Offence committed, in which no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance,

shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or Street* to be'

more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, tov cause, order, and direct, thepma.

said Streets and Lancs to be paved, repaired, raised, fynk, or altered, when and in such Manner as they

shall think (it.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or Material* miy be

mere of them, shall have full Power and Authority to cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of or intodus of

the said Streets and Lanes, such Gravel, Stones, or other Materials, and to employ such Artificers,^cts 'nt0 1 e

Workmen, and other Persons, and to issue such Money on those Accounts, and to do all and every such

other Acts and Things as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall judge necessary for

accomplishing the Purposes of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any FiveCommissionm

or more of them, may* and they are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to contract with any Person m*y ro#ke Co*

or Persons for paving and keeping in Repair the said Streets and Lanes above described, or any of them ;lraa*i

which Contraft and Contrafts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the

lame, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in

case of Non-performance thereof; and shall be signed by the faja Commissioners, or any Five or more of

them, and by the Person or Persons contrafting to perform such Works; but previous to the making of

any such Contraft, Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in some publick News Paper, expressing the in-

tention of such Contraft, in order that any Person or Persons, willing to undertake the fame, may make

Proposals for that Purpose to the said Commissioners, at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be

mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of the Pavements, and P*?* of M14

ail Materials and Things which shall be provided and made use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall be,

and the fame are hereby, veiled in the said Commissioners; and they, or any Five or more of them, area0inm‘ 0

hereby aathorised and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name

or Names of any One or more of them, or to prefer, or order and direct the preferring of, Indictments

agasnft any Person or Persons who shall (leal, take, or carry away, any Part of such Materials or Things,

ordiffurb them in the Possession thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Polity on

Thnc or Times, obstruct, binder, or moled, any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, t*rru^nng

Workmen, Person or Persons whatsoever, who is, are, or shall be, employed by virtue of this Act, in the W0‘ mcm-

Performaoce or Execution of their Duty 5 every such Person so offending shall, for the First Offence,

forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for the

Thud and every other Offence the Sum of Three Pounds.

S f f 2 XV.

^.ooooie

