176 C. 23.

Anno sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1766.

being convicted before any such Justice as aforesaid, of having wilfully failed or negle£ted to give such In-

formation for the Space of three Days as aforesaid, shall, for such Offence, forfeit anfl pay the oum of forty

Shillings, and shall from thenceforth be for ever disabled to hold, exercise, or enjoy, any Office under or by

virtue of this Act.,

Wh-refalfcSeals V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all such Cafes, upon such Admeasurement

a*e round, In- of any such Cloth as aforesaid, where the fame shall be found to be of less Length or of less Breadth, for

above one-third Part of therLength thereof, than shall be mentioned on the Seal or Seals thereto affixed,

by the Searcher, Measurer, or Supervisor, who measured and stamped the fame, or by the Maker of such

Cloth ; then, and in every such Cafe, the Searcher, Measurer, Inspe£tor, or Supervisor, who last measured

the fame, {hall, immediately upon such Admeasurement, affix on every such Cloth, or End *f Cloth, a

new Seal or new Seals of Lead, and rivet the fame, and shall (lamp, or cause to be impressed upon every

such Rivet, his own Name, adding thereto the Words InspeAor or Supervisor; and upon the fame Seal,

speftor, Sec. to

fix new Sea’s,

which shall be

the Rule of

Paymc.it, and

the Sel'er to

forfe:t Double

the Deficiency,

take the cloth Words, or Letters and Figures, denoting the true Length of every such Cloth, or End of Cloth (account-

Inspector orSo-

pervisor, Scc.

found gn*lty of

damping falsely.

back. ing thirty-seven Inches to the Yard in Length} and the Breadth thereof between the Lifts, in Inches, at

the Time of, and according to such Admeasurement; and that the Length and Number of Yards, by such

Measurer, Searcher, Inspector, or Supervisor, so stamped on such Seals as aforesaid, {hall be the Rule of

Payment for such Cloth by the Merchant or Buyer thereof; save Only that such Merchant or Buyer (in

order (o discourage the vending or exposing to Sale of any such Cloth with such defective or fraudulent

Seals) shall and may, and he is hereby authorized and impowered, to deduct and retain to himself, out of

the Price of such Cloth upon which the Maker, Searcher, Measurer, or Supervisor, shall have fixed such

defective and fraudulent Seals as aforesaid, double the Value or Amount of so many Yards or Parts of a

Yard thereof, out of the Number of Yards in Length, so stamped upon such Seals, by such Searcher, Mea-

surer, Inspector, or Supervisor, who last measured and stamped the fame as aforesaid, as the said Cloth, or

End of Cloth, {hall fall {hort in Quantity of the Length and Breadth respectively impressed on the former

fraudulent Seal so affixed by the Mi ker or Sellec.jhereof; unless the Maker or Seller of such Cloth shall,

within three Days next after Notice of such Deficiency to him given by the Merchant or Buyer of such

Cloth, accept the fame a^ain, and repay to the Merchant or Buyer thereof, all such Sum and Sums of

Money as such Maker or Seller of such Cloth shall have received in Payment, or Part of Payment, for such

Cloth, together with such reasonable Expences as such Merchant or Buyer flull have necclTarily expended

or been put unto, for or upon Account of such defective Cloth or Cloths.

VI. And it is hereby further enabled. That in case any Merchant, or Buyer or Seller of Cloth, {hall be

dissatisfied with any Admeasurement to be made by any such last mentioned Searcher, Measurer, Inspector,

or Supervisor, as aforesaid, and shall have Cause to suspect the true Length and Breadth of any Cloth, or

End of Cloth, so measured by such last mentioned Searcher, Measurer, Inspe£tor, or Supervisor, not to

agree with the Seal or Seals by him thereto affixed; then, and in such Cafe, such Merchant, Buyer or

Seller respectively, {hall and may, within (even Days after any such Admeasurement so suspe£ted shall be

made, give Information thereof, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Riding,

on Information or any Corporation within the same (not being Dealers in Woollen Cloth) and every such Searcher, Mea-

andConvidbon, surer, Inspector, or Supervisor, having wilfully or fraudulently measured such Cloth, and being convicted of

such Offence, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any such Justice or

Justices as aforesaid, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is hereby impowered to administer) flull, for

such Offence, forfeit and pay for the first Inch in Breadth, or Half Yard in Length, that such Cloth, or

End of Cloth, shall exceed or fall short of the Measure stamped and marked on the Seals thereto by him

affixed, the Sum of twenty Shillings: And in case such Cloth, or End of Cloth, shall exceed or fall short

more than two Inches in Breadth, or one Yard in Length, of the Measure stamped and marked thereon by

such Searcher, Measurer, Inspector, or Supervisor; then such Searcher, Measurer, Inspe£tor, or Supervisor,

upon such Conviction as aforesaid, {hall forfeit and lose his Office, and be discharged therefrom by such

Justice or Justices, before whom he shall be so convicted, and shall from thenceforth Be for ever disabled

to hold, exercise, or enjoy any Office under or by virtue of this Act.

Where Inspector VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Inspector shall have Reason

fufnetts Ft:mU ffifpccl that any Cloth or Cloths (lull be in the Possession of any Merchant, Buyer, Dresser, or Cloth-

re oretofce^fce wor^er» hath or have not been truly stamped and measured at the Fulling-mill ; that then, and in

requre o ev - such Cafe, the said Infpcdtor shall and may give Notice to such Merchant, Buyer, Dresser, or Cloth-worker,

of such his Suspicion, describing the Cloth or Cloths by the Maker’s Name or Seal thereon respectively,

which he so fuspects to be unduly stamped ; after which Notice so given as aforesaid, such Merchant,

Dresser, or Cloth-worker, shall give two Hours Notice to such Infpc^lor of the Time or Times at which

he intends to put such Cloth or Cloths into Water, in order thar such Inspector may attend the wetting

and measuring of such Cloth or Cloths; and if such Merchant, Dresser, Buyer, or Cloth-worker, shall,

without or contrary to such Notice, put such Cloth or Cloths into Water, and be thereof legally convict-

ed, he shall forfeit, for every such Offence, rhe Sum of twenty Shillings.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted. That if any Supervisor or InspeCtor {hall wilfully refuse or ne-

gleet to attend for the Putpofc of measuring and (lamping any Cloth or End of Cloth as aforesaid, for

the Space of two Hours after due Notice given to him in that Behalf, he or they so neglecting or refuting,

called open. shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be recovered and applied in

Manner after mentioned.

InToearr, «rc to JX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That every Searcher, Measurer, Inspector and Su-

Sliingdue Ac^ Perv*for» to be appointed by virtue and in pursuance of this or the said former Act, shall, before he enters

coupon lhe Execution of his Office, at his own Expence, give and execute a Bond to the Treasurer of the

said

to be subjea to

1 Penalty,

an! lose hit

Ofike.

fanr.e put in

Water.

Penalty on Su-

purvisor nr Tn-

ljpeOor refusing

to mraftire when

o.

