I

I

i A. D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. C. 26. 585

of any such Prison, at the Time of bringing up any such Prisoner in order to be disch^rged under this Act,

4 an Oath to the following EffeS (that is to say)

I A B dofwear, That was reallyand truly a Prisoner in my Custody, in the Prison The Oath,

of to the belt of my Knowledge and Belief, at or upon the Twenty-ninth

4 Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight* and that the Copy or Copies of thcCause

4 or causes of his or her Commitment or Detainer, now oy me brought with the Body of . the said

4 and produced to this Court, is or are a true Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes of such Detainer or

4 Commitment, without any Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Pei fun whatsoever, to the belt of my

4 Knowledge and Belief.*

So help me God.

And if any Person who was Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison If such Perfc-a

on the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, or since, {hall ft*11 not

not happen to be the Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, at the^c"

Time any such Lift as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the Justices at any such Session, l?/tVen the'tol-

or at any Adjournment thereof, may, and are hereby reauired to administer and give the respeciive Person lowing Ouh is to

or Persons who shall be Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any such Gaol or Prison, adminiforcJ

and deliver in any such Lift as aforesaid at any such General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournmentt0 h,m*

thereof, an Oath, touching the Commitments or Books of Commitment of any such Prilon, to the Lftedt

following (that is to say)

* T A B do swear. That I have examined the Commitments, or Books kept of or concerning the Com-The Oath,

4 JL mitment, of Prisoners to the Prison of in the County, Riding, Division,

4 City, To wn, Place, or Liberty, of as the Cafe ftjall be; and that I do

4 verily believe that the said Commitments, or Books of Commitment, are really true, and not fictitious,

4 nor calculated for this Purpose; and by them it doth appear, that was on the

4 Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, really and truly a Pri-

4 foner in theaCtual Custody of the then Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or

4 Keeper, of the said Prison, without Fraud or Deceit by me, or any other Person or Persons to my Know-

4 ledge and Belief.*

So help me God.

XXL And, in order to discover any fraudulent Entries or Commitments of Prisoners in any Gaol Books, C°urt>require*

be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Justices at any General or Quarter Session 0fnfaafGmmoMr,

the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorised, at the Request of any Creditor or Credi- [he^n who

tors of any Prisoner, to convene before them, at some certain Time to be appointed by them, any Person acted as Gaol?*

or Persons who was or were Gaoler or Keeper, or reputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Gaol or Prison with- *9 %"•

in their respective Jurisdictions, on the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred orrince>

and sixty-eight, or at any Time since ; and to examine every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or and examine him

Keeper, on Oath, touching the Commitment and Continuance in Custody of any such Prisoner, as the touching the

Justices, at any such General or Quarter Session, or Adjournment thereof, {hall think fit: And if any Sheriff*, Commitment™*

Gaoler, or Keeper, or reputed Gaoler or Keeper, {hall neglect or refuse to bring before such Justices at CuiloTonVe

any Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, any Prisoner as {hall be directed and required by War- kroner. C

rant of any Justice or Justices as aforesaid, or to attend, or being summoned for that Purpose ; or if any GaoJ?r ^obeying ,

Gaoler or Keeper attending, {hall refuse to make Answer and Discovery in the Premises, as {hall bercafo-the WirranS or

nably required at such General or Quarter Session, or any Adjournment thereof ; he, {he, or they, so of- ior i’ '

fending in the Premises, {hall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to wUhT'cLUCcfti

be recovered by and in the Name, and for the Use, of the Party injured, by Action of Debt to be brought

in his or her Name, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at ITtjlminster, together with Treble Costs

of Suit.

XXII: 4 And whereas great Number of Workmen, skilful in the several Trades and Manufactures of

4 this Kingdom, and also many able Seamen and Mariners, finding themselves unable to satisfy the Whole

4 of their respective Debts, and dreading the Miseries of a Gaol, have chose to leave their Employments

4 and Native Couhtry, and have entered themselves in Foreign Service: And whereas their Continuance

4 Abroad muff be of great Prejudice to the Trade of this Kingdom ; in order therefore to induc e and en-

4 able such Persons to return \ be it enacted by the Authori:y aforesaid. That all and every Debtor and Decors wha

Debtors, who was or were actually beyond the Seas in Foreign Parts on the said Twenty-ninth Day of”'er* ht>ond lhc 1

September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and did not go into such Foreign Parts with the ^-sV'fu'renderJ

View of Intent to gain or have the Benefit of an Insolvent Debtor’s Act, who shall return and surrenderJi;g\h,cn!5!|ti,^r*

himselfor themiclves unto the Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, of the Prisons of ;hc King's Bench, tmv tsketuc

Mitrjhaljei, os Fleet, or to the Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of the Prilon or Prisons ihit

of such County, City, t own. Riding, Division, Liberty, or Place, where such Debtor or Debtors iaftAc^

dwelt for the Space of Six Months (which said Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers, is and are hereby

reauired and impowered to receive and detain such Debtor or Debtors surrendering as aforesaid, in oi Jer to

Vot. X. 4. F their.*.

