A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. C. 51. 405:

CVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owners and Picture Boat*

Occupiers of any Lands or Tenements adjoining to the /aid River or Streams, or Cuts or Canals, or any ?ot to bc uxed*

of them, to use any Pleasure-boat or Boats upon the fame, without the Hinderance or Interruption of the

said Trustees, or any of them, and without paying any of the Rates and Duties aforesaid; so as such

Pleasure-boat or Boats is or are not used for carrying Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, and so as such

Pleasure-boat do not pass through any of the Places for the passing whereof any Rates arid Duties are

herein before directed to be paid; and that the Lord or Lords of the respective Manors, or any other Lords of Minors

Persons whomsoever, shall have full Libery to fish, fowl, and exercise all other Royalties on the said River fish, fowl,

and navigable Passages to which they arc now legally intitled; any Thing herein contained to the contrary &e. « hereto*

notwithstanding; so that the Exercise of such Rights and Royalties shall not interfere with or interrupt thefwr9*

Execution of this Act, or the free Use of the said Navigation.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Workman, or other Person or Persons, navigating or Personr n*tl*

working, or being on board any Boat, Barge, Lighter*, or other Vessel, within the Limits of the said Navi-‘

gation (not being duly qualified by the several Laws and Statutes relating to Gamej shall carry with him or Voc*

them, or have on board any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, any Fishing-net, Gun, Engine, or being quaitftd,

other Instrument, with an Intention to take, kill, or destroy, the Fish or Game in or upon the said River to forfeit 20*.

or Streams, or Cuts or Canals, or any of the Lands adjacent thereto; such Person or Persons being thereof

lawfully convicted by his own Confession, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses*

before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for either of the said Counties of Hertford, Essex,

and Middlesex, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings, over and above

the Penalties such Person or Persons may be otherwise subject to by the Acts for the Preservation of Gamo

and Fish 5 to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under tho

Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices; one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be paid to the Informer,

and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offender shall be convicted; and for

Want of sufficient Distress, the Offender shall, by like Warrant of such Justice or Justices, be committed

to the House of Corrcdion, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding,one Month, nor

less than ten Days.

CX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully throw any Ballast, Gravel, pwlfliinr1

Stones, Rubbish, or Dirt, into any Part of the said River, or Cuts or Canals used or intended to be used for ^3^11 ^

Navigation, with Intent to prejudice the fame; every^ Person so offending, and being convicted thereof |"f0 th/aiterT-

rexy upon the

the House of

before any Justice of the Peace for either of the said Counties of Ha ford, Ejjix% or Middlefe

Oath of oneor more Witness or Witnesses, shall, by Warrant of the said Justice, be sent to t

Corredion, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time as such Justice of the Peace shall direct, not

exceeding three Months.

CXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to Lord* of Manors*

cbftrud or hinder the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors, or the Owner or Owneis of any Lands or or Ownei*

Grounds lying upon or near the Banks of the said River, or of any Lands or Grounds through which the aybu,1d Wuc--

laid Cuts mail be made, from making or erecting any Warehouses, Weighbeams, Cranes, Quays, Landing- uu c5> u

places or Wharfs, upon the Banks of the said River or Cuts, in and upon their own Laods, Wastes, or

Grounds, so that the erecting or using such Warehouses, Cranes, or Wharfs, do not obstrud or prejudice

the said Navigation, or any of the Powers given by this Act.

CXII. Saving and reserving at all Times hereafter unto the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of Saving* of*

London, all their Rights and Privileges which by any Law, Usage, or Custom, they have at any Time Righti of the

heretofore held, had, or enjoyed, or now hold, have or enjoy, in or upon the said River, or any Part Mjror* Com.

thereof, except their Jurisdiction by virtue of the said recited Act of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Sti*en*of Loa»-

Queen Elizabeth; and also saving and reserving at all Times hereafter unto all Persons whatsoever their 0

several just Rights and Privileges, which by Law they have at any Time heretofore had, held, or enjoyed j

or now hold, nave, or enjoy, in, over, or upon the said River Lay or any Part thereof, so as the fame are

not repugnant to any Powers granted for the Execution of this Act.

CXIIL And be it further enacted, That all and every Warrant or Warrants, that shall and may be Warrant? cxe*.

granted by any Person or Persons enabled or impowertd to grant the lame under or by virtue of this Act, oucJ by Con*

mail and may be directed to the Constable, Heaoborough, or other Peace Officer of the County, Liberty, fUblc#>

or Place, wherein the Offender or Offenders shall live, reside, inhabit, or be; which Constable, Head-

borough, or other Officer, is hereby authorised and required to execute the fame.

CXIV. And bc it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Diflreft not to

Money to bc levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not bc deemed unlawful, nor the Party b? ^conml un-

or Pities making the same bc deemed a Trespasser or Trefpu tiers on account of any Deled or for want of <0T wantk

Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding thereon; nor shall the Party

or Parties distraining bc deemed a Trcfpafler or Trespailers on account of any Irregularity which shall be adjoin* be

afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Perfims aggrieved by such deemed » Tr-f-

irregularity shall am! may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cale. iofl«r initio.

exv. p rovided always. That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregu-^

larity as aforesaid, if Tender of Amends hath been nude by or in Behalf* of the Party distraining before

inch Action brought. hath be?n mu'.c,.

CXVL And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought or com- imitation of^

menced aeainst any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every futh Action, AUion*.

Suit, or Information shall be commenced within six Months next alter the Fad committed, and not alter-

wards^and shall belaid or brought in the Counties of Htrtfird, or ^ liddLjtx, and not dfcwhere

. ami*

\

