24-

C. I 2.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

A. P. 1765.

-annex the lame to the

J>ee4# fix.

after which it shall be

.Admitted u Evidence.

Copies of such Certifi-

cate*, &c. to be trans-

if any Instrument XVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if ajajr

rot auly stamped at the Vellum* Parchment, or Paper, containing any Deed, Instrument, or other Matter or Thing, shall

be pCf educed toT^C hief* not ^ duly flapped in pursuance of this A cl, at the Time of the Signing, Sealing, or other Exe-

Distributor, and Pay- cution, or the Entry or Inrollrnent thereof, any Person interested therein, or any Person on his or

ment made of 101. and her Behalf, upon producing the fame to any one of the Chief Distributors of stampt Vellum,

Double Duties, he is to Parchment, and Paper, and paying to him the Sum of ten Pounds for every such Deed, Instrument*

fijn a Cemficate, and Matter, or Thing, and also Double the Amount of the Duties payable in respect thereof, shall be

rA * intitled to receive from such Distributor, Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, damped pursuant to this

Act, to the Amount of the Money so paid ; a Certificate being first written upon every such Piece

of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, expressing the Name and Place of Abode of the Person by or oa

whose Behalf such Payment is made, the general Purport of such Deed, Instrument, Matter, or

Thing, the Names of the Parties therein, and of the Witnesses (if any) thereto, and the Date

thereof, which Certificate shall be signed by the said Distributor; and the Vellum, Parchment, or

Paper, shall be then annexed to such Deed, Instrument, Matter, or Thing, by or in the Presence

of such Distributor, who shall impress a Seal upon Wax, to be affixed on the Part where fgch

Annexation shall be made, in the Presence of a Magistrate, who shall attest such Signature and

Sealing; and the Deed, Instrument, or other Matter or Thing, from thenceforth shall and may,

with the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, so annexed, be admitted and allowed in Evidence in any

Court whatsoever, and shall be as valid and effectual as if the proper Stamps had been impressed

thereon at the Time of the Signing, Sealing, or other Execution, or Entry or Inrollrnent thereof:

And the said Distributor shall, once in every lix Months, or oftener if required by the CommiT-

. - lf , sioners for managing the Stamp Duties, send to such Commissioners true Copies of all such Certi-

^mmiflio^c^foc0 * ficates, and an Account of the Number of Pieces of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, so annexed*

Sump,. and of the respective Duties impressed upon every such Piece.

The Penalty of forging XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall foqpe,

•or altering any such Ccr- counterfeit, crafe, or alter, any such Certificate, every such Person so offending shall be guilty of

<cificate, is Death. Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cafes of Felony, without the Benefit of Clergy.

The Penalty of counter- XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons fl*alh

feiting or forging any of in the said Colonies or Plantations, or in any other Part of his Majesty’s Dominions, counterfeit

the Sramps, or th2 lm- or forgc any Seal, Stamp, Mark, Type, Device, or Label, to refemhle any Seal, Stamp* Mark,

prciTiiM thereof j or Type, Device, or Label, which shall be provided or made in pursuance of this Act ; or (nail coun^

Irp, *or *utterin^iny" tcri'cit or refemhle the Impression of the fame upon any Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Cards* Dice,

thing with such’coun- or other Matter or Thing, thereby to evade the Payment of any Duty hereby granted ; or Avail

urfeit Mark, know- make, sign, print, utter, vend, or fell, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Matter or

Thing, with such counterfeit Mark or Impression thereon, knowing such Mark or Impression to

be counterfeited ; then every Person so offending shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death

as in Cafes of Felony, without the Benefit of Clergy.

XIX. And it is hereby declared. That upon any Prosecution or Prosecutions for such Felony,

the Dye, Tool, or other Instrument made use of in counterfeiting or forging any such Seal, Stamp*

Mark, Type, Device, or Label, together with the Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Cards, Dice, or

other Matter or Thing having such counterfeit Impression, shall, immediately after the Trial or

Conviction of the Party or Parties accused, be broke, defaced, or destroyed, in open Court.

PemW ofinrolling, &c. XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Register, Publick Officer*

any Matter or Thing Clerk, or other Person in any Court, Registry* or Office within any of the said Colonies or Pian-

*ot duly stampt, iszol. tations, shall, at any Time after the said First Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and

sixty-five, enter, register, or inroll, any Matter or Thing hereby charged with a Stairip Duty, unless

the fame shall appear to be duly stamped ; in every such Cafe such Register, Publick Officer* Clerk*

or other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

Counfeilcr* ar ©thento XXL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. T hat from and after the said First

*rhom it belong*, nc- Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if any Counsellor, Clerk, Officer*

gliding to file or record Attorney, or other Person, to whom it shall appertain, or who shall be employed or intruded* in

whkh a°Dut ii f^ie ^ Colonies or Plantations, to enter or file any Matter or Thing in respect whereof any Duty

toricU 501. AislI he payable by virtue of this Act, shall neglect to enter, file, or record the fame, as by Law

* the fame ought to be entered, filed, or recorded, within the Space of four Months after he shall

have received any Money for or in respect of the fame, or shall have promised or undertaken so to

do *, or shall neglect to enter, file, or record, any such Matter or Thing, before any subsequent*

further, or other Proceeding, Matter, or Thing, in the fame Suit, shall be had, entered, filed* or

recorded; that then every such Counsellor, Clerk, Officer, Attorney, or other Person so neglect-

ing or offending, in each of the Cafes aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every

such Offence.

Wn.liyof wrainp, XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, at

i.iv Matter lor which a any Time after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five* shall

vvritc, ingross, or print, or cause to be written* ingrossed, or printed, in the said Colonies or Plan-

diTie-- Nations, or any other Part of his said Majesty’s Dominions, either the Whole or any Part of any

able with a Duty, wtre Matter or Thing whatsoever in respect whereof any Duty is payable by this Act, upon any Part of

before written, &c. or any Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, whereon there shall have been before written any other

tVs»t<juienily rrafing the Matter or Thing in respect whereof any Duty was payable by this Act; or shall fraudulently

Inc™mi’°or°uki] craie> or cau^e to cra^> the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, or any Sum, Date,

■icicui, or a try or

ijigly, is Death.

Counterfeit Stamps, See.

after Conviction of the

Party, to be Ueftroyed

in open Court.

^.ooooie

