A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. C. 29. 205

Imitation thereof, shall be made or put in any Frame-work knitted Piece or Pair of Stockings upon any hole*, md no

Account or Pretence whatsoever, except as herein before directed by this Act.

II. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to prevent Provision with

any Manufacturers from using Remnants, or Materials of any Sort, in the Welts and Tops of Stockings !£* g

only, at any Didance not exceeding three Inches from the Top, although the fame shall not contain so of srockings.°P

great a Number of Threads as are contained in the Legs of such Stockings.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of M>r,ers»

June, one thousand seven hundred and ttxty-ttx, if any Mader Frame-work Knitter or Master Hotter, or any An-

other Person, shall make or work, or shall cause or procure to be made or wrought, any Frame-work th“£ Goods in

knitted Goods or Manufactures of any of the Materials aforesaid, or any Mixture thereof (except such Manner above

as shall be made of Silk only) without being duly and truly marked in the Manner before directed; every directed,

such Matter Frame-work Knitter, or Matter Hotter, or other Person so offending, and being thereof con-

vifted in Manner herein after mentioned, shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for *°rfeit 5 j- aB*

every Piece of such Frame-work knitted Goods, or Pair of Stockings, so made, or caused or procured tothc G

be made, which shall not be duly and truly marked according to the Directions of this Act; and shall also

forfeit and lose all such Frame-work knitted Pieces and Stockings.

IV. Provided always, That the Penalty of*five Pounds, herein before mentioned, shall not be construed to Journeymen,

extend to any Journeyman, Apprentice, Servant, or Person, not making such Goods or Manufactures

his own Account. . Z:,oZ Ac-

count, excepted

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Journeyman, Apprentice, Servant, who are liable to

or other Person, employed in making any Frame-work knitted Manufactures, shall not at any Time that forfeit not cx-

he shall make any Frame-work knitted Piece or Pair of Stockings, duly and truly mark every such Piece i*^*0*'nor

*nd Pair according to the Directions of this Act, and the true Intent and Meaning thereof; every such c 40 S

Journeyman, Apprentice, Servant, or other Person, so offending, and being thereof convicted in Manner

herein after mentioned, shall respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings,

nor less than five Shillings, for each and every Piece of Frame-work knitted Goods, or Pair of Stockings,

which every such Journeyman, Apprentice, Servant, or other Person, shall respectively make, and shall

not mark in Manner before directed.

VI. Provided always. That if any Journeyman, Apprentice, or Servant, or other Person, employed in ynlefi they make

making any Frame-work knitted Manufactures, shall make it appear, to the Satisfaction of the Justice JhiP7aedac>

before whom he shall be brought, that such Frame-work knitted Pieces, or Stockings, so by him unduly c0rd,ag to

marked, was so marked by Direction of his Matter, or the Person by whom he was employed; that then. Direction of

and in every such Cafe, such Journeyman, Apprentice, or Servant, or other Person, shall be exempted their MaAcr 5

from any Penalty or Forfeiture for such Offence. wh,ch Cafc

they are exempt-

ed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day From and after

of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, if any Frame-work Knitter, Hosier, or other 2$ Mareh,1765,

Person, shall fell, or expose to Sale, any Frame-work knitted Piece, or Pair of Stockings, made of all or Person8 who

any of the aforesaid Materials, or of any Mixture thereof (except such as shall be made of Silk only) which ^Sale”"

shall not be duly and truly marked in Manner herein before directed; every such Hosier, and other Person, Goods not

so offending, and being thereof convicted in Manner herein after mentioned, shall forfeit and pay the Sum being duly and

of five Pounds for every Frame-work knitted Piece, and for every Pair of Stockings, so fold, or exposed to truly m.uk d,

Sale, which shall not be duly and truly marked according to the Directions of this Act; and shall also for- 5J* Per

feit and lose all such Frame-work knitted Pieces, and Stockings, so by him fold, or exposed to Sale. inTthe^c j

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, at any Time after except they dir.

the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, any Person shall be prose-*over the

cuted by virtue of this Act, for felling, or exposing to Sale, any Frame-work knitted Goods or Manufac- fhj|^ac$on!

tures, which shall not be duly and truly marked according to the Directions of this Act, and shall discover vidicd, and be-

-the Vender or Seller thereof so as such Vender or Seller shall be convicted, and become liable to the Penal- come liable to

ties and Forfeitures laid and inflicted by this Act; then, and not otherwise, the Person so prosecuted for ^ Penalty;

felling or exposing such Frame-work knitted Goods or Manufactures to Sale, shall be, and is hereby dif- in which Cafe

charged from any Penalty or Forfeiture laid or inflicted by this Act; any Thing in this Act to the contrary they*'c exen pt-

notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for anyone Method of Co»-

j or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place, where

any Offence shall he committed against this Act, such Justice not being a Frame-work Knitter, Hosier, or

a Proprietor of Frames m2dc use of in the weaving of Frame-work knitted Goods or Manufactures, to

convict the Party or Parties offending, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnessea

(which Oath such Justice or Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer) and, upon such

Conviction, in case such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, to issue a Warrant or War-»nd Recovery ef

Finr, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to levy and recover the said respective Penal- lhe Pc,1*Jty*

tics and Forfeitures by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chatties, rcndeiing the Overplus (if

any there shall be) after deducting the Charges of such Diitrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; For w*nt of Dr-

and in cale no Goods or Chatties of the Party or Parties so offending can be found, or there shall not be stress^rheOfco-

Goods or Chatdes sufficient to pay such Penalties and Forfeitures, anyone or more of such Justices of *ctu*

the

