A. D. I769. Anno nono Georgii III. C. 37. 617

therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where it Avail appear by Affidavit to

made before any or either of the Barons of the Exchequer for the Time being, (who shall interrogate the

Deponent thereupon) to the Satisfaction cf such Baron or Barons, that any such Exchequer Bills, or any urates7./Kx-

such Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders as aforesaid, before the First pay ofehesuer jmi*.

Mny, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, have been, are, or shall be, loft, burnt, or others ife Lottery Ticket

deltroved, or that there be good Rrafon to believe the fame have been burnt, loft, or otherwise deft royed,

it shall and may be lawful for the respective Officers and Persons appointed to issue or make forth such

Exchequer Bids, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, or to -pay or dif-bu nt, ™other-*

effiarge the fame, or to issue any Monies due or payable thereupon, upon producing a Certificate from any *i:c

or either of the said Barons of such Affidavit made before him or them (which Affidavit the said Barons,

or any or either of them, is and arc hereby authorised to take, and which Certificate he or they is or aretnf*the

hereby required to make and grant without Fee or Reward) and on Security given to the said

.Officers and Persons, to their good Liking, to indemnify them respectively against all other Persons what- Duplicate!

soever, for or concerning the Monies specified in or due upon such respective Bill or Bills, Ticket or (:f the raid Bills,

Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, Order or Orders ; they the said Persons respec-Ac.andtopavthe

lively shall and are hereby required to make forth Duplicates of the said Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Re- Moneydue,Sccu-

ceipts, and Orders, at the Request of the respective Owners, and to pay, satisfy, and discharge, the fame,

and all such Interest asis or shall be due oh any of them carrying Interest, or to make forth Stock or trans- applying to in-

ferrable Annuities, in lieu of such Receipts as he or they should have paid, satisfied, or discharged, ordemoity then

made forth on the said original Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders,

if the fame had been produced, and shall be allowed all such Payments, Sum or Sums of Money/ in their

respective Accounts 5 and in all Cafes where the Signing of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, TfCaflir t fi

or the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, shall be necessary for making the said ^j, Duplicate^

Duplicates, or any of them, efteftual for tht Purposes aforesaid, it shall and ir ay be lawful <0 and for the as require their

said Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or any Three or more cf them, or the Lord High Treasurer signing to make

for the Time being, to sign such Duplicate accordingly. them eflfeayai.

VI. c And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Aa

* to continue several Aftsniade in the preceding Session of Parliament, the Importation of Wheat and0*0-111* c# lt

4 Wheat Flour from His Majesty’s Colonies in America free of Duty, was allowed until the First Day of

4 Je nuary9 One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine: And whereas Joseph Glover and John Bill of the

4 City of Bri/loly Merchants, fentout a Vessel upon the Third Day of Auznfty One thousand seven hun-

4 dred and sixty-eight, from the Port of Bri/lol to Virginia for a Lading of Wheat, in order to import the

4 fame into this Kingdom, under the Provisions of the said Act : And whereas from the Badness of the

* "Weather and contrary Winds both on the outward and homeward bound Voyages, and the unavoidable

* Delay for Repairs in Virginia^ the said Vefiel did not arrive at the Port of Bristol till the Fourth Day of

4 February last : And whereas the Cargo of the said Vdfel, confiding of about Four thousand five hun-

4 dred Bushels of Wheat, was so much damaged in the Voyage as to be unfit for Exportation; and a

4 Deposit has been made at the Custom-house in Bri/lol of Two hundred and fifty-five Pounds on account

4 of the Duty upon the said Wheat: And whereas the said Cargo is in so perilhing a State that the famCj

4 or the greatest Part thereof, mud be inevitably loft, if not permitted to be landed for Home Consump- j0'epfcG1oreran4

4 tion Be it therefore forth r enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for John Bill to be

Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs. or other proper Officer or Officers, and they are hereby autho-,ePai*S°l*^e*

rifed and recuired to repay to the said Jtfeph Glover 2nd. John BilL> or their Assigns, the said Sum of T wo ^,Vhe c?-"

hundred and fifty-five Pounds fb deposited as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful for them the $wTmlmpof!

said Joseph Glover and John Bill or their Agent or Agents, to land the said Cargo of Wheat, confiding of ted by them fiem

about Four thousand five hundred Bushels, without the Payment of any Subsidy, Custom, Duty, or lm- America} aotuhe

position whatsoever, in the same Manner to all Intents ana Purposes as they might have done had the said Wheatto belaud-

Vessel and Cargo arrived before the Expiration of the said Act. ed Duty-free.

VII. And be it further enacted. That if any Churchwarden or Oveifcerof any Parift, Town ship, or^Jj2mTor«?

Place, or other Person authorised or intruded by them, or any of them, to make Payments to or for thechenjmt’vftedto

Use of the Poor within such PariQi, Townftup, or Place respectively, shall wilfully and knowingly, atmake Haymtatt

any Time from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June next, make any such Payments in any bale orto.orfof a,<u*

counterfeit Money, or in any other than lawful Money of Great Britain-9 that then, upon (iimplaint^JrJJ*^

thereof made to any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, wherein such Pay- i* ^y^the? tlua

nient shall be so made as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby re- lawful Money,

otiired, to summon the Church warden, Overseer, or other Purfon charged with such Offence, and in a

umnmary Way, upon his or their Nonappearance or Confession, or upon Proof of such Offence upon

Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the iaidjustice is hereby authorised to forfeit not left

adrrinifter) to adjudge the Party so offending to forfeit and pay for each Offence a Sum not less than Ten«h»n 10*. m-r

Shillings, nor rrore than Twenty Shillings ; and to levy the same by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and £orc than 2°*

Chattels of such Offender; rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner, after the Charges of such^c^fc“c

Distrcfs and Sale shall be deducted; which Sum (h ill be applied for* the Use of any PoorPctfon or Persons cj to’he ufc of

of such Parish, Township, or Place respectively, in such Manner at the Justice of reace, who shall adjudge of the »*<x*

such Forfeiture, (balldircftorappoinu ! ottbe

Vol. X. 4K CAP.

