A.D. 1770.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

C.

25* 733

this Act contained for setting up any Stalls, or for setting, placing, or exposing to Sale, any Goods,

Wares, or Merchandizes in such Fairs or Markets, or the Llace or Places appointed for the holding the

fame during the Time the said Fairs or Markets is or /hall be appointed to be held ; this Act or any

Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons /hall kill, Daughter, fir.ge, feald, realty «n

dress, or cut up, or cause to be killed, slaughtered, singed, fealded, dressed, or cut 1 p, any Beaff, Swine,

Calf, Sheep, or other Cattle in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes. Courts, Ways* Gate-ways, or *'

o’her publick Passages, or hang up, or cause to be hung up, any Beau, Swine, Calf, Sheep, or other

Cattle, or any Part or Parts thereof, in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, Gate-

ways, or other publick Passages ; every rerfoti or Persons so offending, /hall, for every such Offence,•rfoffcrin*rwine

forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings : And if any Swine /hall be found wandering about the said $°r^dct m lhe

Streets, Sauarcs, Lanes, Courts, Ways, Gate-ways, or other publick Passages, the Owner or Owners 1 *'

thereof /hall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings ; and it shall and may be?w5ne,m>

lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons whornfo- lroPJuaUed»

ever, to impound such Swine in the common Pound, or such other Place as shall be appointed for that

Purpose determined by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and the fame to detain in the said

Pound or Place, until the said Sum of Ten Shillings, and the Expence of impounding such Swine, /hall an(J not rem

be fully paid and satisfied ; and if, in such Cafe, such Penalty and Expences /hall not be paid within Six deemed in si*

Days after such Swine /hall be so impounded, it /hall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons as D»y*» oiay t*

/hall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for that Purpose, to fell.

or cause such Swine to be sold ; and the Money arising from the Sale thereof, shall be applied to such ana and owinc-

the fame Purposes as the Money arising from the Raus or Afleifments is hereby directed to be applied ; venhtirfs Ubie

Provided, that whether such Swine /hall be so impounded or not, the Owner or Owners thereof /hall to Penally,

nevertheless forfeit and pay the said Sum of Ten Shillings.

XLIX. And be it further enacted. That in case any Hogsty, Layftall, Necessary-house, Flcfh, Dung, Penalty on not

Carrion, Blood, Offal, Soil, or Filth, or any of the A/hes, Cinders, or Rubbi/h preserved by Persons removing Nt-

by virtue of the Proviso in this Act for that Purpose contained, or any o:her noisome Matter whatsoever, by

shall be offensive to any Person in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other "

publick Passages, the fame /hall be deemed a Nuisance, and an Offence against this Act ; and it shall and

may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of the n, upon Complaint thereof

made to them by such Person, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, or under the Hand of their Col-

lector, to order such Nuisance or Offence to be removed by the Person or Persons who ought to remove

the fame; and in case the fame shall not be removed within Three Hays Notice given to the Person or after Three D*y*

Persons who ought to remove the fame, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of TenNotice.

Shillings daily, for every Day the fame shall continue unretnoved after the Expiration of the /aid Three

Days.

L. And be it further enacted. That if any Necessary-house or Bog-house fn any of the said Streets, penalty of errp-

Squares, Lanes, Couits, Ways, and other publick Passages shall be emptied at any Time, except be- ty:nj Necrifenes

tween the Hours of Twelve at Night and Four in the Morning, or the Soil thereof fh,.11 be laid in any *t improper

other Place thun shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or 2iiy Seven or more of Hour,‘

them, by any Person or Persons; then and in either of the said Cafes, as well the Person or Persons oj-occasiotiing

knowingly employing any Person or Persons for that Purpose, as the Person or Persons com

Niiifar <cs by the

Soli thClCOl.

mitting the Offence, /hall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of f orty Shillings : And

if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or negligently spill any Soil of any Necessary-house or Bog-house

in any of the f.ud Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, Gate-ways, or other publick Passages; every

Person so offending shall, fur every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

LI. And be it further en.ifted, That if any Person or Persons who /hall contract with the said Com- Penalty of fist-

missioners, or any Seven or more of them, to cleanse the said Sreets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, i»g Cin.icu. &c»

and other publick Passages as aforesaid, or any of them, or who flvall purchase the Soil thereof of the ,n the StrcctI»

said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or any of his. her, or their Servants or Agents ; *c'

or if any Person or Persons whomsoever, /hall fist any Allies, Duff, or Cinders, either in or out of any

Cart or Carriage, or in any other Manner howsoever, in any of the said Srcets, Squares Lancs, Courts,.

Ways, or other publick Passages; every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and

pay the Sum of Twenty Shi1 lings.

Lit. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall throw, caff, or lay, or of or aiming

or cause, or permit, or suffer to be thrown, caff, or laid any Ashes, Duff, Dirt, Dung, So;], Filth, or other An;‘u>*

“Rubbi/h, or the Refuse of any Garden Stuff, or any Blood, Offal, or Carrion, or any other noisome orancci*

offensive Matter or Thing whatsoever, into or in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways,

Gate-ways, or other publick Passages; every Person so offending /hall, for the Firff Offence forfeit and

pay the Sum of Five Shillings, for the Second Offence the Sum of Ten Shillings, and for the Third and

every other Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it /hall and may be lawful for any Person or Heart?* m*) be

Persons v/homsoever, to erect or set up in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, or *«£*.*.

other publick Passages, any Inclosures, Posts, Bars, or Rails, or other Matters or Things for the" Pur-

pose of making Mortar, or depositing Bricks, Time, or other Materials for building or repairing any

Houses, Buildings, or other Works ; every such Person or Persons lo leaving, or causing to be left, con-

venient Room for Carriages, and also convenient Foot-way in a direct Line with the Footvpavement fi r

passengers to pass and repals ; the Owner or Owners of such House or Building causing the same to be

Tk 1 afiuge, together with entRwomi* Acff>

ime, and setting up and

removed out of the said Street, Square, Lane, Court, Way, or other public

all Rubbi/h ©ccafiontd thereby, or by luth Building, within a reasonable Ti

maintaining

Die zed by vJi

