622 C. 39, 40. Anno nono Georgii III. A. D. 1769.

importation of London Gazette^ to prohibit generally, or from any particular Country or Countries, the Importation of

HldCior any Hides or Skins, Horns or Hoofs, or any other Part of any Cattle or Bead, into the Kingdoms of

'■r5‘ Great Britain ox Ireland^ for such Time or Times to be therein mentioned, and under such Rules, Or-

ders, and Regulations, as His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, by the Advice aforesaid, shall judge

nioft expedient and'efteftual to prevent any contagious Distemper from being brought into these King-

doms; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Action shall at any Time be

brought against any Person for any Matter or Thing which he or she mall do, or cause to be done, by

virtue or in Execution of this Act, in every such Cafe the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action

Cc»;r«l liTucfc may plead the General IlTue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence on any Trial or Trials

to be hereafter had in such Action ; and that if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action shall difeon-

tinue such Action, or become Nonsuit, or if Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

in such Action, the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall recover his, her, or their, Tre-'

TieV.c Cc/ls. bie Coils of Suit.

CAP. XL.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of GrealL

Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March) One

thousand seven hundred and fixry*nine. ♦ ■ . '

Preamble. 4 TWHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for^fraying the Charge of the Pay

4 VV^ and Cloathing for the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain*ailed England) for One Year, from

4 the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-ninfc ;* be it therefore enacted

^*n8s mod ’Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice afal Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

raiteV^the lie- Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, 'land determined by the Authority of the same, That

c^iver Genrulofin every County, Riding, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England\ where the Militia is

the County is to or shall be raised, the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of such County, Riding or Place

•irae4 Months respectively, {hall issue and pay the whole Sums required, in the Manner, and for the several uses herein

•cc) ainz toThe*^ttT ITlentioned \ that is to say. For the Pay of the said Militia for Four Calendar Months in Advance,

Ert-bl (Wnc cfat the Rate of Six Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed ; and at the Rate

^ p*y herein of One Shilling for each Serjeant, with the Addition of Two Shillings and Sixpence a Week for each

Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant Major is appointed ; and at the Rate of Sixpence a Day for each

Drummer, with the Addition of Sixpence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is ap-

pointed ; and also at the Rate of Sixpence a Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying

the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, and Independant Company of Militia; One

Penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the Hospital Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, or.

Independant Company, during the Time of the Mens being from Home upon account of their An-,

Vith * nual E^ercife; and also for Half a Years Salary for the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia

^Rtcimental0 belonging to such County, Riding, or Place, at the Rate of Fifty Pounds a Year ; and also for the re-,

and Battalion spective Allowances to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meet-.

Clerks; and the ings, at the Rate following ; that is to say, To the Clerk of the General Meetings, at the Rate of Five*

Allowances to Pounds Five Shillings for each Meeting; and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings* at the Rate

c* Clt[kasnjf the°f Gnc Pound One shilling for each Meeting; and also for the Cloathing of the Militia for such County*

SuMWifion Riding, or Place, after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings for eaqh Serjeant, and Two Pounds

Meetings; for each Drummer, with the Addition of One Pound for each Serjeant Major, and each Drum Major ;

and pay for and with respect to the Private Militia Men, where the Militia hath not been eloathed within Three

cioathing of the Years, at the Rate of One Pound Ten Shillings for each private Man.

Throve Sums IL Provided nevertheless. That in any County, Riding, or Place, where Pay has not yet been iffuedt

are not to be for the Militia, no Pay shall be issued until his Majesty’s Lieutenant, or, in his Absence, or in case of'

paid, if Pay has a Vacancy by the Death or Removal of His Majesty’s Lieutenant, any Three Deputy Lieutenants, or

not before been any such County, Riding, or Place, {hall have certified to the Commissioners of His Majesty Treasury,

Ldldeut*1or^De-an<*to *he Receiver General of the Land Tax, that Three Fifths of the Number of Private Militia Men

puti4 Ufluil have of such County, Riding, or Place have been inrolled, and that Three Fifths of the Proportion of their'

certified to the Commissioned Officers have accepted their Commissions, and entered their Qua] ifi ations tis by Law required.

Treasury and III. And be it enacted. That all such Sums of Money granted for the ray of the Militia as. aforesaid* 9

ratVhcYnrolCOe* except such as shall be due to the several Clerks of the Meetings aforesaid, and except such as shall be

sment of fifths ^ae on accoun* of Cloathing, shall, where the Militia has never been embodied, be paid by the said Re- r‘

or the Men and ceiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiments*

Officer?. . or Battalions of Militia.belonging to such County, Riding, or Place, upon his or their producing his or

The Money is their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such Office, under the Hand and Seal of His Majesty’s

to he paid by the Lieutenant for such respective County, Riding, or Place; and where the Militia has been embodied, in-

MUoVhe cserk to l^e Hands of *the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiments or battalions, upon his or their producing his or

of the Regiment their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to-such Office, under the Hand and Seal of the Colonel, or.

Battalion (ex- where

/

