55°

Ref <rn,

rXled.

C. 211 Anno nono Georgii III. - A.D. 1769.

as a Penalty for every FuchHefufal, shall and may be respectively levied on all and every such Proprietor,

or Proprietor so refusing or negle<sting, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods or Chattels, by

Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Parts of

Lliuljcj in the County of Lincoln (which Warrant such justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised

;:nd required to grant) and paid to the Person or Persons so to be appointed to receive the same; and the

Overplus (if any be) after all Charges of making, keeping, and felling such Distress shall be deduced,

shall he returnee!, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of the Goods or Chatc* is so to be distrained.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Pavements in any of

the Streets, Lanes. Alievs* or PafIages aforesaid, shall have been new pitched and completed by the Au-

Act, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, from Time to Time,

thority of this -----, , -----, ----- ,

and at all Times then after, order and direct the Clerk or Clerks by them employed to give or cause to

be given, unto all and every such Proprietor and Proprietors as aforesaid, in whole Parts or Shares of the

laid Pavements any Default or Defeat of Reparation shall at any Time be, or to the Tenants, Farmers,

or Occupiers, of their Estates chargeable with the Reparations thereof, Notice in Writing of all and every

such Default or Defects of Reparation, from Time to Time, when and as often as the fame shall happen,

;:nd of the Names and Places of Abode, within the said Town, of the Workmen then employed by the

Trustees in paving and repairing the said Streets; and in case such Defaults or Defers shall not be pro-

perly and sufficiently repaired and amended, in such manner as herein after is mentioned, within Eight

Days next after the giving of such Notices respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order, direct, and cause the fame to be forthwith repaired and

amended by their Workmen, and with their own Materials; and to charge the Expence thereof, not ex-

ceed ing Six-pence for every superficial Yard of Pavement so repaired, for Materials, Labour, and Work-

manship, upon the Proprietor or Proprietors chargeable with the making of such Reparations- respectively ;

and to order and direct the Payment thereof to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or

more of them, shall appoint to receive the same; and in case any such Proprietor or Proprietors shall rc-

fuse or neglect to obey such Order, and pay such Expences within Fourteen Days after the fame shall have

been demanded, the fame, together with the further Sum of Two-pence for every fuj>crficial Yard, as a

Penalty for every such Refusal, shall and may be respectively levied on all and every such Proprietor and

Proprietors so refuting or neglecting, by Distress and Sale of his and their Goods and Chattels, by War-

rant under the Hand and Seal of any one Justice of the Peace for the Parts of Lindfcy in the County of

Lincoln, in such Manner, and under the Restrictions, and according to the Directions herein before tfta-

blished for the levying the Expences for the laying and pitching the said intended new Pavements.

Reparstimks to XVI. Provided always. That no such Defaults or Defects of Reparation, shall be deemed or adjudged

Trustees Work- td have been prop^Iy anc^ fofliciently repaired, unless such Reparations shall be made by the Workmen

TOen. then employed determined by the said Trustees, and named in such Notices respectively, in such Form and Manner,

«cept where the and with such Materials, as by the general Orders and Regulations of the said Trustees, shall from Time to

Lord or Lady of Time >be required; save only to the Lord or Lady of the said Manor, who may be at Liberty to employ in

concernedr their Pavements £uch Workmen as they shall think proper.

Farmer, he. to XVII. And, to the End that the Charges and Expences, as well of thelaying and pitching of the said new*

pay their Land. Pavements, as of the future Reparation thereof, in Manner herein before directed, may be the more easily

lords Shares of the collected and received; be it enacted, That all and every the Farmers, Tenants and Occupiers of the

Chafes, fifr. Tolls, Messuages, Dwellkig-houses, Shops, Tenements, Frontsteads, or other Property in the said

Town, in refbe& whereof the Landlords or Proprietors are or shall be chargeable with the Reparation of

any Part or Parts of such Pavements, shall be, and are hereby also made liable and required to pay the

Shares or Proportions of their respecrive Landlords of all such Charges and Expences, to the Person or

Persons, from Time to Time, appointed by the said Trustees to demand and receive the same; and the

said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, (if they shall think it more convenient) order

and cause such Charges and Expences to be demanded on all or any of such Farmers and Tenants, in

©n Refufai.tobe the Stead of the Owners and Proprietors, their respective Landlords; and on Refusal or Neglect to pay

levied by Distiefs the fame within the Space of Fourteen Days after such Demand, the fame shall and may be levied by

and sale. Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Farmer, Tenant, or Occupier, so refusing or

neglecting to pay the fame, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Justice of the Peace for the

Parts of Lindsey in the County of Lincoln, in like manner as the fame are herein before authorised to be

levied, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owners or Proprietors respectively; and

in case of such Payment, it shall and may be lawful for such Farmers and Tenants to-retain all and every

such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall respectively pay from Time to Time, on account of their

several Landlords, out of his, her, or their Rents; and such Landlords or Proprietors are hereby required

to allow and discount the feme accordingly, unless there shall be a special Agreement between them and

their Tenants to the contrary.

Chargei paid by XVIII. Provided always. That no Part of such Charges or Expences, which shall have been paid by

either Landlord the Landlords or Proprietors, shall be afterwards demanded or received of their Farmers or Tenants by

beTfte^ardsdc- ^orcc or Virtue hereof; nor shall any Part of such Charges or Expences, which shall have been paid in

luandaU^ pursuance hereof by any such Farmer or Tenant as aforesaid, be afterwards demanded or received of their

respe£iive Landlords, by Force or Virtueofany other the Clauses or Provisions herein before contained.

