A. D. 1767.

Anno feptimo Georgii III.

C. st, 395

LVI. Provided also, That nothing in (his Ad mentioned or contained shall extend, or be construed to

extend, to prevent the Owners, Lessees, Tenants, or Occupiers, of the {aid Mills from drawing down the

Water to repair the said Mills, or to cleanse the said Mill Stream, or repair the Banks thereof at /my

Time, giving twenty four Hours Notice to the said Trustees or their Agents, that they may, if they think

proper, make a Dam or Stop, to keep the Water up to the said Height of five Feet, for the Purpose of the

said Navigation whilst such Repairs are wanting.

• LVII. And, to prevent Disputes between the said Trustees and the Owners, Lessees, Tenants, or

Occupiers of the said Mills called Enfield Mills, respecting the Height to which the Water may be penned

above the said Mills ; be it further enacted. That within the Space of six Calendar Months next after the

said Cuts to communicate with the said Mill Stream shall be begun to be made, proper Stones or Posts shall

be erected and set up at the Expence of the Owners, Tenants, Lessees, or Occupiers, of the said Mills,

at some proper Place, to be agreed upon and fixed by them and the said Trustees, whereon shall be marked,

in plain and legible Figures or Letters, the Height to which the Water hath usually been penned above the

said Mills, and the Height to which the fame (lands below the said Mills when the said Mills arc not at

work, and no Water passeth from the River above into the fame below the said Mills.

LVIII. And be it further enacted. That from and after the making of the said new Cuts and Canals, to

from the said Enfield Mill Stream, the said Trustees shall, at their own proper Costs and Charges, from

time to time, well and sufficiently cleanse and scour the said new Cuts or Canals, and also the whole of the

said Mill Stream above the said Mills, so far as the fame is used for Navigation; and also shall and will

well and sufficiently repair and maintain the said two Locks or Cisterns, and the Banks of the said Cuts

or Canals, and the Banks of the Mill Stream aforesaid, so as to prevent unnecefiary Walle of Water.

Locks and

and draw down

the feme for

Repairs, Sec,

giving Notice,

The Height of

the Water in the

Cuts'o and from

Enfirld Mill

Stream to be af-

certained by

Stones or Ports.

After the Cut*

shall be made

to and from En-

field Mill

Stream, the

Trustees shall

scour the Cut*

and repair the

Banks.

LTX. And be it further enacted. That the said Mill Stream, and the Cut or Canal to the Eastward of Neither Enfield

the said Mills, shall not be used by the said Trustees, or any other Person whatsoever (except the Owners, Mill Stream,

'Tenants, Lessees, or Occupiers, of the said Mills) for any other Purpose than that of Navigation ; and ”|°TnVftw*rdor

no Barge or other Vessel shall (lop to take in or load, deliver out or unload, any Goods or Merchandizes infield M*ns°

whatsoever on any Part thereof, nor shall loiter or (top on the fame unnecessarily ; but nevertheless it shall fta|i be uied for

and may be lawful to and for the Owners, Tenants, Lessees, or Occupiers, of the said Mills, to make any other Pur.

such Wharfs on his, her, or their Lands, and to use the fame for the loading and unloading of Goods, in Pole than for

like Manner as they now can or may do from any Part of the said Mill Stream, so that the fame do not Nav,sation*

obstru6l or interrupt the Navigation in any Manner.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared. That nothing contained in this Act shall Right* of the

tend to prejudice the Right of the Owner or Owners of the said Enfield Mill Stream to the FiQiery, both Owner of^the

above and below the said Mills; and from and after the said new Cut or Canal to the Eastward of the said bdow En-

'Mills shall be made, the Owner or Owners of the said Mill Stream shall and may have and enjoy the Bene- field Mill,favc4«

fit of the Fishery in such new Cut or Canal, and in the said Mill Stream, in the same Manner as they

now are intitled to, and exercise and enjoy the Right of Fishery therein; any Thing herein contained to

the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding : But such Right shall be so exercised as not to interfere

With, or interrupt, the Execution of this Act, or the free Use of the said Navigation.

c LXI. And whereas it may be necessary in many Places where the new Cuts or Canals are intended

* to be made as aforesaid, and where Locks or Cisterns shall be necessary to be erected and repaired, to

4 draw off the Water and (lop the Working of the Mills adjoining to or near the fame*/ be it therefore

further enabled. That every Owner, Lessee, Tenant, or Occupier, of any Mill or.Mills which shall be J£*®*™

mecessary to be (lopped for the doing the necessary Works aforesaid in Execution of this Act, or for the Mi I UPJha 1 l°epe«

"Repairs thereof, from time to time, as the fame shall be necessary, shall, upon reasonable Request made, or (hut the

and forty-eight Hours Notice given, and upon .Payment or Tender of such Recompence or Satisfaction as Clough* for the

is herein after mentioned to be made to him or them by the said Trustees, or any other Person or Persons of

employed as their Servant or Agent, draw up, or open, (hut, or put down, any Clough or Cloughs of any

'Siuice or Sluices, which shall be necessary to be opened or (hut respectively for the making the said intended anVupon'p*y-

Cuts, and creeling the said Locks or Cisterns, and the Works requisite for that Purpose, and for altering center Tender

and repairing the fame; and such Owners, Lefl'ces, Tenants, or Occcupiers, of any such Mill or Mills of Recompence

shall and may, in such Cafe, lawfully demand, have, and receive, and there shall become due and payable forthefime.

to him, her, or them, from the said Trustees (before (lopping their Mills as aforesaid) as a Recompence

and Compensation for such drawing up or (hutting such Clough or Cloughs respectively, the Sum of ten

Pence for evesy Hour that every or any Wheel of such Mill shall, by that Means, or oil that Account, be

(looped or hindered from working, and so in proportion for any greater or Idler Time.

LXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That the Owners, Lessees, Tenants, or Mills not to be

Occupiers* of any Mill or Mills, which it shall be necissary to flop or hinder the working of for the Pur- ftrpped but in

pose aforesaid, shall not be liable or obliged to draw up or open, or to (hut or put down, any Clough or cemin Month*

Cloughs of any Sluice or Sluices for the Purposes afore said, at any other time or times than in the Months in lhc Year*

of Jl/./y, June* July, and August, nor during those Months for any longer Time or Times than four Days

in any one Week, unless some Accident or Misfortune may happen orarife which shall require immediate

Redress, and in such Cafe the fame (hnll and may be remedied and repaired at other Times in the Year

shall be rieeessary, but so as rrot to flop or hinder the woiking of any Mill or Mills more than four Days

in any one Week, after such Notice given as aforesaid ; any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary in

any wile notwithstanding.

3 E

LXIII. And,

