A. D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. G. 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. 3

* four; and several others of the said Ships are not yet arrived :’ In order therefore that his Majesty’s said p*?ID*

Subjects may have Relief, agreeable to the good Intentions of the said Act May it please your Majesty, that ^eiNoTi^J*

it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majen>, by and with the Advice and aicl0 ray ‘rUch4

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, in this present Parliament aiVembled, and Drnics only, *9

by the Authority of the same, That the said Goods and Effects, lo imported as aforesaid lince the said first they would ha^

Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, shall be subj^ct to such and the like Customs

and Duties only, as they would have been subject and liable to if they had been imported into this Kingdom Ticm°cr?

any Time before the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four ; and it shall and fufh is/ha'il

and may be lawful for any of his Majesty’s Subjects to import into this Kingdom, at any Time before the bedniy imported,

first Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, and no longer, in British Ships navigated in like-Manner,

according to Law, direfily from the Places before-mentioned, any Goods or Effects being the Growth or vutTysV

Produce thereof respectively, upon Payment of such and the like Customs and Duties only, as would be due a^e to beldmit-

and payable for the fame if the fame Places had remained and were in the Possession of his Majesty j any ted to like Pay-

Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. meat also.

CAP. IV.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and

to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, Officers of the Militia, or ofh rs, who have

omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving fur-

ther Time for those Purposes. Further Time allowed to 28th Nov. 1765*

CAP. V.

An A£X for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised In Great Britain, for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five. EXP.

CAP. VI.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore. EXP.

CAP. VII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quar-

ters. EXP.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of B-ack~

be a: by of Bromley and Beckenham, of RokeJleyf otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Le£i.\ /j, in

the County of Kent.

€ 1X7 HE REAS many Persons residing, trading, or dealing within the Hundreds of Blackhead'* of pxcac.l!^

4 VV Bromley and Beckenham* of Rokejley, otherwise called Ruxley, and Little and Lejftufs* in the County

€ of Kent* frequently contract Small Debts, which, in the Whole, amount yearly to a great Sum of Mo*

4 ney 5 and although they are well able, often refuse to pay such Debts; presuming on the Difficulties their

4 Creditors lie under, by the great Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they meet with, in

4 suing for the fame: And as an easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the said Hun-

4 dredi will greatly contribute to promote Industry, and support and encourage useful Credit theicin May

it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

prclcnt Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and ParlftionertM

for all and every the Pariftiioners of the several and respective Parishes herein after mentioned, within the meet in VtArj,

said Hundreds, who have a Right to assemble in Vestry within the same respective Parishes ; and they are

hereby respectively impowered and required to meet upon the third Tuesday after the Day of passing this Act,

and upon every Tuesday next after the Feast of Easter in every succceding Year, and nominate, atlign, and »n<t nominate

appoint, in the Whole, the Number of one hundred and forty-eight, or the most substantial and difcrect cnc t'un,red *n<*

Persons residing within their respective Parishes (who are to be Ctm mi (lionets for the Purposes herein aftci ^r:y*c,£h*

mentioned and expressed) in Manner following ; videlicet* Such Parishioners of the Parish of East Greenwich* ,nmi ,on€r5#

nominate, assign, and appoint twenty-five of the said Persons; such Parishioners of the Parish of Saint

Nnhclas* Deptford* other twelve; such Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Paul's Deptford* other twelve

lueh Parishioners of the Parish of Woolwuk* other Twenty ; such Parishioners of the Parish of Lewidam*

other fifteen ; such Parishioners of the Parish of E It bum* other eight; such Parishioners of the Parish of

(ft ijlebutft, other fix; such Parishioners of the Parish of Charlton* other fix ; such Parishi *ners of the Parish of

Lee* other Four; such Parishioners of the Parish of Bromley* other twelve; such Parishtoneis of tire Parish of

' Beckenham* orher fix ; such Parishioners of the Parish of Bexley* other four; fui h Parishioners of the Paufh of

Fooii Cray* other four ; fin h Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Alary Cray* other four ; such Paftfliioners of

the Parish of Orpington* other four; such Parishioners of the Paiifhof Erith, other four; and such Parishmn-

ers of the Pinlh of Ptum/Jead* other two: And the Churchwardens of each respective Paiilh aforesaid for

the time b.ing, or one of them, shall, within three Days next after such Nomination, c«uie two Lifts to be

made out of the several Persons lo respectively nominated and appointed as aforesaid ; and shall cause one of Liflitofce zfftzA

the said Lifts, 01 a uuc Copy thereof, to be affixed or ltuck upon the Church Door of their respective Pa- f* lh* ChuuU

Bi rifhes | Door,»

