A, D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. C. 23, 24. 25. 485

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the Thirty-third YearAa 33Gw.ll*

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 4 An Act to continue am Act madec* f7*

4 in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anney intituled. An At~l for the better En-

1 uurazcmtnt of the making of Sail Cloth in Great-Britain/ which was continue in Force until the T wenty-

ninth Day of September^ One Thousand, Seven Hundred and Sixty-seven, and from thence to the End ofFurthercmtin*-

the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, from the Expira-*1 *0 29

tion thereof, to the Twenty-ninth Day oi Septembery One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-four,I774«

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP XXIV.

An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Quantities of Malt belonging to certain Merchants in the

County of Norfolk, and which were made for Exportation between the Fifteenth of November, One

Thousend Seven Hundred and Sixty-six, and the passing the Act of the lull Session for prohibiting the:

Exportation of Malt. EXP.

CAP- XXV.

An Act for reducing the Duties on Foul Salt to be used for Manure ; for altering the Stamp-

Duties on certain Policies of Afftirance ; for amending so much of an Act made in the

Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, as relates

to the Allowance of the Duties of Customs, and exempting from the Duties of Excile such

Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of the British Sugar Plantations

in America, as shall be exported from this Kingdom •, for better securing the Fxcise Duties

upon Foreign Liquors imported 5 for repealing a Clause in an Act made in the last Session of

Parliament, prohibiting the Sale of condemned Tea for Home Consumption ; for amending

such Parts of Two Acts made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His present

Majesty, as relate to the depositing, in the Warehouses belonging to the Custom-house at

London^ Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, and Cambricks, and French Lawns upon the

Seizure thereof,

WHEREAS all White Salt, the Product or Manufacture of the Kingdom of England, Dominion Preamble

of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, is, by several Acts of Parliament, charged and

chargeable with the Payment of Three Shillings and Four-pence aBufhel Duty, at the Rate of Fifty-

six Pounds Weight to the Bushel, and no more, to be paid, or secured to be paid, by the Makers or

Proprietors thereof, before the fame can be removed from the Salt Works where the same is made : And

whereas, in the manufacturing such White Salt, considerable Quantities of Foul Salt, called by the fe-

veral Names of Grey or Scrow Salt, Salt Scale, Sand Scale, or Cruftings, are necessarily produced, which

cannot be applied to the curing of Provisions, nor can the fame be removed from the said Salt Works

as the Laws now stand, without the Payment of the said Duty of Three Shillings and Four-pence a

Bushel, which is considerably more than the Value thereof; and it is apprehended that the said Foul

Salt may be a useful Manure, and very beneficial in Agriculture, in case the fame svere charged and

chargeable with only a small Duty : May i: therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enabled ;* And

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That from and after the fhft Day of May, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-eighr, all Grey

or Scrow Salt, Salt Scale, Sand Scale, and Cruftings, or other Foul Salt whatsoever, already produced, or <5jlt7t *hc suJjt

hereafter to be produced, at any of the said Salt Works, shall be charged and chargeable with the Payment works arc

of a Duty cf Four-pence a Bufnel only, at the Rate of Fifty-six Pounds weight to the Bushel, to be paid in chargeable with

re.dy Morey without any Allowance for Difi ount on prompt Payment, or Allowance for wafteof Salt carried * ^u'y ^ *'• f

Coastwise, by the Makers or Proprietors then of, before the fame shall be removed from the Salt Works where htr Bu”itl,OD 7*

the lame has been, or hereafter shall be, prod iced or made, which said Duty shall be under the Care and Di- {tremw. 1 in<m-

rection of the Commissioners for the Receipt, Management, and Government, of the Duties on Salt, 3p-ers ,pd

pointed or to be appoin.ed by His M. jelly, and of the Oftkers for the said Duties on Salt for the Time for the Sait Du-

Inng, in the fume Manner ns he Duties on Salt now are managed, levied, collected, or received ; andtC5»^*

shall be paid and applied in such Manner as the Duties now payable on such Foul Salt are paid and applied.

II. And b-, it further enifted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the said First Day of Notice to be v-

May, One thousand ftven hundred and fixiy-tignt, no such Foul Salt shall he delivered by the Maker Gren ,h^p:° cr

Proprietor f;om any Salt Work or Woiks wi hoir Notice first given to the Officer appointed for that01 ccr ,u,c

I uruofc ; ror flail any Carrier or other Pei ion c r

fu. h........

L delivery of any

remove, carry, or convey, any )uch Si!t}

Notice

Persons whatsoever, remove, carry, or

Foul Salt without d ie Entry of the fame, and Payment of the Duties hereby imposed thereon, a*d Fntry to be

or without a Warrant or Permit for carrying the feme, under fin h Pains and Penalties as are mentioned and'*

contained in the Acts of Parliament relating to Salt, or any of them j to te levied, iccovcred, ana distri- thfiouc ^an^

buted

