740 C..2 5-

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1770

or they in their Discretion shall think fit: so as that the fame be not mitigated or reduced to less than On

Fourth Part thereof.

Difr.'fs rot to be LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, T.at where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of

rfe med unlawful Money to be levied by this Act, the Distress iifeif shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties

fur wantof tojaij 1 • . 1 * *-- - — -• - - - —

making the lame b

ror Ptryrraking any Proceeding re]

it a 'i'ro'p.tlicr ab pallciS, tib iv.itiO, Oil account

• dei mod a Trespailcr or Tmpaffers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in

iting thereto ; ner shall the Party or Pa 1 ties difiraining be deemed a Trcfprdfcr er Tref-

any lricgulariiie 1 ‘ 1 n M '* 1 ! ‘ J 1 1 n ^ n

(>1

s which fliuil afterwards be done by the Party or Parties

td Full Cods.

1‘crfons agi riev-

•d, »r.ay appeal

to the <^uaitei-

frllions.

jn1110, ior Tub e- diltraining ; but the Person or Pei Ions aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction

?/lynt rrefcU‘a' for the Special Damage in an Action up mi the Cafe.

IbaiotilTre over- D

XXXVII. Provided always, That when the PlaintilTor Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action, he, fhc,

in?, to be allow- or they 111 a 11 be paid his, her, or their Full Colls of Suit, and have the like Remedies for recovering the

fame as for the Recovery of Cods in other Cafes by Law.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Person shall think

himleft, herleU, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or

Persons shall and may, within Three Calendar Atonths next after the Catife of Complaint Avail arise, ap-

peal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter-feiuons of the Peace to be holden in and for the

giving Notice, Town and County of the Town of Southampton^ such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to he

given Notice in Writing of his, her, or tivir Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or causes

»n<)cnterin * hereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer-to the said Commissioners, and within Two Days next after such

Rcc^JluKe!* ° Notice entering into a Recognizance or Recognizances before some Juliice of the Peace in and for the

said Town and County, with Two suficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal mentioned in such

Notice, and abide the Older, and pay such Coils as shall be awaided by the Justices of the said T own

and County j and the Matter of such Appeal shall be heard and determined by the said Justices for the

said Town and County, at the next General Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said Town

and County, or any Adjournment thereof, or at any Adjournment of the then 1 it General Sessions of

the Peace in and for the said T own and County, which of the Three shall first happen next after the

Jttftiers to deter- Expiration of Twen yDays from the Day of giving such Notice ; and the said Julliccs at such Sessions

nine finally. or Adjournment upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance

or Recognizances, shall near and finally determine the causes and blatter of such Appeal in a luminary

Way, and award such Colls for the Appellant or Appellants, or Respondent or 'Respondents, as they the

said Justices {ball think proper; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final, binding, and coiv-

elusive to all Parties concerned or ii.tcrefted therein.

LXXXIX. Provided always, That upon all Appeals from any of the Rates or Assessments to be made

or imposed by the Authority of this Act, the Justices of the Peace, where they shall fee just Cause for

Relief, shall and are hereby impowered to amend the fame Rates and Afl’ellments, in such Manner only as

shall be neccil'ary for giving such Relief, without altering such Rates or AffeAments with respect to other

Persons mentioned in the lame.

Proceedings not XC. And be it further enacted. That no Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender

Justices may a-

mcnUibc Rates.

ay Cert tot an. m\rJler ; any Law cr Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Writings to be XCI. And be it further enacted, Thar no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judgement,

without Stamps. Conviction, Warrant, or other Wiicing whatsoever under the Hand and Se.T or Hands and Seals of, or

only signed by any Commissioner or Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or by any Justice

or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, touching, concerning, or in the Exe-

cution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby veiled in such Commissioner or Commissioners, Justice

or Justices of the Peace, or any of them, or any Conveyance to the said Commissioners, or any of them,

or any other Deed or Instrument whatsoever touching this Act, or the Execution thereof, shall be charged

or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

J.itrKjtion of XCIi. And be it further enacted. That no Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced, or proftcuted

-Adtictts. against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Twenty-one Days

Notice thereof shall be first given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, signed

by tl;e Plaintiff of Plaintiffs, or unless the fame shall be commenced before the Expiration of Six Months

next after the Fad committed, or unless* Tender of reasonable Amends hath not or shall not have been made

by or in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, nor unless such Action or Suit

shall be laid and brought in the County of the Town of Southampton ; and the Defendant or Defendants,

in any Act ion or Suit to be commenced for aay Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall and may plead

~General IUbe. the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in EviJence at any Trial to be had there-

upon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Suit shall be brought, was done in pur-

fuance and by the Authority of this Act ; and if such Matter or Thing shall appear to have been fa

clone, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof

was given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Commissioners, signed by the Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs ; or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was not commenced before the Expiration of Six

Months next after the Fad committed ; or if it shall appear that Tender of reasonable Amends was made

Jby or in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, before such Action or Suit was

commenced or brought; or such Action or Suit shall be brought in any other County or Place than the

County of the Town of Southampton, that then the Jury shall hnd for the Defendant or Defendants ; and

upon such Yerdid, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or

their

