t86 C. 17. Anno feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1767.

Rec«ivcrGetieral be Independant Companies only, the Receiver General of each such respe£live County shall issue and pay

to jdue there- to the Captains of the Independant Companies, at the Rate of seven Shillings and six Pence per Day for

OfficersandMen eadt Captain, three Shillings and six Pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and three Shillings per Day for

to the Regimen - each Enijgn; and also at the Rate of one Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, with the Addi-

ulCle.k, &c. tion of six Pence per Day for each Corporal of the Militia, so to be called out to Exercise, for the Number

Where there of Days such Officers and Men shall be absent from Home on account of such Exercise; and the said

darn Com^Imel Regimental or Battalion Clerks arc hereby required forthwith to pay the Proportion of Pay belonging to

only, thTite-CS each Captain of the faiJ Regiments or Battalions, the Proportion of Pay belonging to each Captain, and

ceiver General i«likewise the Pay belonging to their respective Companies.'

to issue Pay to tjic Captains, according to the Rate here set down. Clerk to pay over the Money to the respective Captain*.

Captains to make VII. And be it further enacted. That the Captain of each Company shall make up an Account of all.

!«crording'to?het received and paid by him on accpupt jof such Exercise, according to the following Form :

[following Foroi j

County of Dr. ! Ptr Contra ' Cr.

To Cash received of "

the Regimental or Bat-

talion CJerk, or

Receiver General (as the

Cafe shall be) for

Days Pay of Men.

'tol>e frrncd by Which Account shall be signed by the said Captain, and countersigned by the Commanding Officer; and

.them, and conn- such Captain shall, within ten Days after the Time of such Exercise, deliver such Account, and pay the

•teifigned by the Balance, if there be any due, to the Regimental or Battalipn Clerk; or, if Captain of an Independant

Commanding .Company, to the Receiver General: And such Accounts shall be allowed as sufficient Vouchers in the

^ndddivered of the Accounts of such Receiver General, at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

with thcDalance, to the Clerk, or Receiver General. Account* allowed sufficient Voucher*. 1

DuringtheTime . VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted. That where any Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Com-

the Troops arc pany of Militia, is or shall be embodied, and called out into actual Service, and thereby the Officers and

embodied, and private Militia Men are or shall be inti tied to the fame Pay as the Officers and Private Men in his Majesty’s

acluai s'crvice ot^er Regiments of Foot receive, all Pay from the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the

and ^ecciie F^ County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company of Militia {hall

as the King’s belong, whether to the Adjutants, Serjeants, Private Militia Men, or others; and all Money allowed as

•other Forces, *11 aforesaid for the contingent Expences of such Regijnent, Battaliop, or Independant Company of Militia;

Pay and Allow. an(j aif0 the Allowance to the Clerk of such Regiment or Battalion ; shall, during such Time of actual Ser-

RccciveTcenc. v,ce> anc* unt‘l Re£*ment* Battalion, or Independant Company, shall be disembodied, and return

ta! are to ccafe. Home by Order of their Commanding Officers, cease and not be paid.

Receivers Gent- Anc3 be it enacted, That the said Receiver or Receivers of the Land Tax shall pay to the Clerk of

.rai to-pay the the General Meetings his Allowance, at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for each Meeting, upon his

Allowances to producing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from his Majesty’s Lieutenant, or from three Deputy Lieu-

cierki of the tenants afieinbled at some General Meeting or Meetings ; and shall also pay to each and every of the

In C« * a nd^so The- Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings their several Allowances, at the Rate of one Pound one Shilling for

Clerks"f the * each Meeting, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from one ot more Deputy Lieutenant or De-

-Subdivliion puty Lieutenants, assembled in the several Subdivision Meetings ; which said Order or Orders shall be to

Meetings, upon the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such

producing Oidtw Allowances, and be allowed in his or their Account.

from the Lieu- . -

tenant or Deputy ■Licuteoants. Orders to discharge Receivers General.

Re irrental and Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia, shall

PattJion Clerks Security to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, or Place, to

to %ive Security -which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, by a Bond to his Majesty in the Penalty of one-half of the

for paying and Sum required for the whole Year’s Charge of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which such Clerk

kr shall belong, for duly answering and paying such Sums as he shall, from Time to Time, have received, and

'C?ived determined by them" ^or tluly accounting for the fame, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in him reposed ; which said

-the Bond? to be P°nd mail be lodged in the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the respective

.lodged with the County, Riding, or Place, who, in case the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk shall not duly perform the*

Receivers Gene- Conditions comprised in the said Bond, shall, and is hereby required" forthwith to put the said Bond in Suit

rai, and pur 19 in the jNjiirne of his ]\jajesty^ his Heirs and Successors ; the full Costs and Charges of which Suit in case

Nonp/r*orn^anee Judgement shall be given against such Regimental or Battalion Cleik, shall be paid by him to the said Re- ,

the Condi- ceiver or Receivers General of the Land T ax, who shall likewise be intitled to, and receive to his or their

tions; and they own Use, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum out of all such Monies as shall be by him or them recovered

are miiticd thereon; and shall account for the Residue thereof with the proper Auditor of his Majesty’s Revenue; the

tZTJctr Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax charging himself or themselves therewith, upon the

,ge», and 5 i. flext Account of the Land Tax to be by him or them passed.

C Cent, of the Money t#coveted.j the Residue to be accounted for to the Auditor.

• XI. And

Paid Militia Men

Days

Paid additional Pay to

Corporals Days

boogie

