658 C. 14.

Anno decimd Georgii III.

A.D.

Time when

SmI1% &c. a-e

to be remo/td.

Annoyances to

ht removed#

>77°-

XIX. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That all Stalls, Grates, Benches, and

Lumber, used in the said Town by any Person or Persons keeping Stalls or Standing in the Streets, shall

b: taken or carried away before Eleven of the Clock at Night, upon every Monday. TburJ'day, and Satur-

day, in every Week, and before Ten of the Clock in the Evenings of.all other Days, by the respective

Persons using the fame, on pain of forfeiting Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Offence or Neglebt

therein.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in Cafe any Hogsty, Layftall, Necessary-house, Flefb, Dung,

Carrion, Blood, Offal, Soil, or Filth, or any Allies, Cinders, or Rubbish, or any other noisome or of-

fenfive Matter whatsoever, {hall be offensive to any Person in the said Town, the fame shall be deemed a

Nuisance and an Offence against this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or

any Seven or more of them, upon Complaint thereof made to them by such Person, by Notice in Wric-

• ing under the Hand of the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, to order any such Nui-

fance or Offence to be removed ; and in case the fame shall not be removed within Twelve Hours after

such Notice given to the Person or Persons who ought to remove the fame, such Person or Persons fha-ll

forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings daily, for every Day that the fame shall continue unremoved af-

ter the Expiration of the said Time.

KBceflrary-houses XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Necessary-house or Bog-house, in the said Town, shall

’when to be emp-erT1ptied at any Time, except between the Hours'of Twelve at Night and Four in the Morning, or

the Soil thereof shall be laid in any other Place than shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Cora-

missioners, or any Seven or more of them, by any Person or Persons ; then, and in either of the said

Cafes, as well as the Person or Persons knowingly employing any Person or Persons for that Purpose, as

the Person or Persons committing the Offence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum

of Forty Shillings : And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or negligently spill any of the Soil of any

Necessary-house or Bog-house iirany of the said Streets, Lanes, or'Passages ; every Person so offending,

{hall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it any Person or Persons who shall contrail with the said Com-

millioners, or any Seven or more of them, to cleanse the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages as aforesaid,

or any of them, or who.{half purchase the Soil there ff of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more

of them, or any of his her, or their Servants or Agents, or if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall fife

any Allies, Dull, or Cinders, either in or out of any Cart or Carriage, or in any other Manner how-

soever, in any open Street, Court, Lane, Way, Alley or public Pafiage, within the said Town* every

Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One Shilling.

XXIII. AncTbe k further enacted, That if any Person- or Persons whomsoever shall throw, call, or

lay, or cause, or permit or suffer to be thrown, call, or laid, any Allies, Dull, Dirt, Dung, Soil, Filth,

cw Rubbish, or the Refuse of any Garden-Stuff, or any Blood, Uffal, or Carrion, or any other noisome,

offensive, or dangerous Matter or Thing whatsoever, into or in any Street, Court, Lane, Way, Alley,

or public Pafiage in the said Town; every Person so offending, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit and

pay One Shilling j for the second Offence, the Sum of Two Shillings; and for the third, and every other

Offence, the Sum of Five Shillings.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Charges and Expences attending the repairing the Pave-

ments, and removing Nuisances and Obstructions, from Time to Time, in the said Streets, Lanes, and

Passages, by virtue of this Act, shall be borne and defrayed by the Owners and Proprietprs of the several

Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said Town ; and that all Persons seif-

Jane*s*&c°is. to m Fee, or for Leases determinable upon Lives, or for Term of Years, not being Tenants at Rack

borne.'*1 W Rent, shall be deemed such Owners and Proprietors : And that all Charges and Expences attending the.

Mow the Ex- sweeping, cleansing, and lighting and watching all.and every such Streets, Lancs, and Passa:e$, from the

gencepfdeanf- passing of this Act, {hall at all Times be borne and defrayed by the Tenants or Occupiers of the several

,n& J,ghh£ • Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said Town, and other the Inhabitants

* thereof, in Manner as herein after is mentioned,

iw appointing XX V. And be it further enacted. That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners,

Assessorf, or any Seven or more of them, {hall, and may, yearly and every Year, and so often as there shall be Oc-

casion, under their Hands, nominate and appoint, and they are hereby impowered to nominate and ap-

point, Six or more Inhabitants in the said Town, to be Afieffors of the Monty by this Act directed to

be raised : And the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, {hall and may, and they are here-

by authorised and required, once in every Year, to fix and ascertain, and as soon as may be afterwards

to issue their Ordef, under their Hands, to the Assessors for the Time being, how much i*i the Pound

shall be raised by Taxation, upon all such Owners and Proprietors as aforesaid, so as such Rate or Af-

feffment {hall not exceed in the whole Sixpence in the Pound in any one Year: And the said Commis-

sioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required, once in every Year to fix and ascertain,

and so soon as may be afterwards, to issue their Order under their Hands, to the Assessors for the Time'

being, how much in the Pound shall be raised by Taxation upon all such Tenants and Occupiers as afore-

laid, who are rated to the Poor, so as such Rate or Assessment shall not exceed in the whole Nine-pence

in the Pound in the two first Years after the passing this Act; and from and after the Expiration of Two

Years after the passing this Act, no Rate or Assessment upon the Tenants or Occupiers shall exceed in

the whole Sixpence in the Pound, in any one Year; which several and respective Rates and Assessments,

as the fame shall be directed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, the said Afieffors

are hereby commanded and required to rate and assess, in Manner aforesaid ; and the Owners and Pro-

prietors, Tenants and Occupiers respectively IhalJ, and are hereby made liable to pay the Whole of'

every such Rate or Affeflinentt.

XXVL

Ko Ash:i to be

fitted, in any

Street.

petMtfty on an-

»«> ing the

the Ei-

pence of repair-

ing the Pave-

ments and re-

find proportion,

ifig Kates.

