. 638 C. 4^2.

Anno nono Georgii III.

A. D. 1769.

made at the

next Quarter-

sessions, as for

County Kates.

and so, with re-

IpedI to Cities

Salary for his Pains and Trouble, in receiving and paying in the Monies required to be received and paid

,by this Act, not exceeding Two-pence in the Pound for so much Money as he ihal] pay into the Exche-

quer in pursuance of this Act.

Treasurers id. XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers of every County or Place,

as a Recompence and Reward for his and their Pains and Trouble in collecting and receiving the Sums

•charged upon each Parish or Place in each respective County and Place by virtue of this Act, and for giving

Receipts to the Person or Persons of whom they receive the same, and for paying the fame to His Majesty’s

* Receiver-general, as herein before is directed, upon Collection of the whole Sum appointed to be collected

by them, and Payment thereof, as aforesaid, shall be allowed the Sum of One Penny in the Pound ; which

Sum every such Treasurer and Treasurers is and arc hereby impowered to detain, out of the Monies re-

High Constable«ceived by him, before Payment thereof to the Receiver-general as aforesaid : And that every High Con-

ld» liable, as a Recomnence for his Trouble and Pains in fending out Warrants and doing his Duty therein,

stall be allowed and paid, by such Treasurer or Treasurers, the Sum of One Penny in the Pound ; and

ftnl]«CtChu^ch. t*lat every ^tty Constable, Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, or other Person employed in collecting

wardens, and the said oum or Sums hereby directed to be raised, on Payment to the Treasurer or Treasurers of each

ivencers, id. County or Place of the whole Sum directed by them to be raised within each of their respective Divisions

likewise. or Places, shall be allowed and paid by such Treasurer or Treasurers the like Sum of One Penny in the

Pound, as a Reward for their Diligence, Pains, and Trouble.

TreafuTersto be XX A VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Treasurer or Treasurers of any County, Rjding,

rri.r.bursed Mo- or Division, shall, at any Time, be in Advance in the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money to the

by them,' Receiver General of such County, Riding, or Division; the Justices of the Peace for such County,

by AlreiTment, Riding, or Division, at their next General Quarter-sessions to be holden after any such Payment, shall,

and they are hereby required to afiefs, and cause to be levied, a sufficient Sum of Money to reimburse

such Treasurer or Treasurers all such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall have so paid ; to be

alfessed, collected, and levied, in the same Manner as other County Rates are directed to be assessed, col-

lected, and levied.

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for such County,

and Town» See orDivision, at their Paid General Quarter-sessions, shall, and are hereby impowered to assess and

iriot co^niTbutoTv levy, *n Manner as is herein before directed, on every City, Town, and Flace, which is not contributory

to County Ratc$ to, or doth not pay to, the County Rates of such County, Riding, orDivision respectively, such Pro-

portion of the Money so paid by such Treasurer or Treasurers, as is herein before directed and required to

be raised and paid by such City, Town, and Place.

^t°frhn°f XL. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid. That such Clerks of the Peace of each rc-

iriiryeariy7o t"he ^Pe<^*ve County or Place shall, and they are hereby required, within Fourteen Days next after the Gc-

Treasury arid neral Quarter-sessions of the Peace to be held after the Twenty-fifth Day of December yearly, to transmit

'Receivers- to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being, and

rgeisera!, also to the Receiver-general of the Land-tax for such County or Place, a Copy, ligned by such Clerk of

Tp C?P,es°f the Peace, of every Certificate which shall have been delivered in pursuance of this Act; and in case no

id-five^* i^puV such 'Certificate shall have been delivered in, then such Clerks of the Peace shall certify to the Lord High

{uance of this Treasurer, or to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and also to such Receiver-general, that no

Ad • such Certiiicate from His Majesty’s Lieutenant, or any Three Deputy-lieutenants* hath been received by

•iritoctitifr him, and that he hath certified the fame to the Justices of such General Quarter-sessions, and thereon

• TccJ dd^tered*VC rc ^u*rcc^ Jufoces to proceed according to the Directions of this Act; andlhall also certify what Pro-

•nd what Pro- ceedings have been had at such General Quarter-sessions, in relation to the act'efling and railing the said

codings have Sum ot Five Pounds per Man where the Militia shall not have been raised ; and in case the Justices of the

been had there- Peace, at such General Quarter-sessions, shall omit, neglect, or refuse, proceeding according to the Di-

ter-feinoni reU- re<^ons of this Act, to raile the said Sum of Five Pounds per t Man in every County, Riding, or Place,

tbig to the aflef-where t^e Militia shall not have been raised in the Year preceding, then such Clerks of the Peace of every

Ting, &c. the such respective County or Place shall, and they are hereby required, within Fourteen Days next after such

^ei.Aity for not General Quarter-sessions of the Peace, to certify to the Solicitor of the Treasury the Omission, Neglect,

ratting the Mill-or Refusal (as the Cafe may be) of such Justices to obey the Orders and Directions of this Act, and the

Solicitor of the Names of the Justices of the Peace who shall be present at such Sessions ; and the Solicitor of the Treasury

Treasury to pro- aforesaid is hereby directed and required, on Receipt of such Certificate, forthwith to proceed by such legal

•fccute wheie Ways and Means as maybe requisite, moil efteftual, and expeditious, to compel the Justices of the Peace

justiers neglect lQf such County or Place, so omitting, neglecting, or refusing to proceed according to the Directions of

therein.Uty this Act, to raile the said Sum of Five Pounds per Man in such County or Place making Default in raifxng

-the Militia as aforesaid, and to enforce the Payment thereof, and due Obedience to this Act.

Where the Pc- XLI. And, for the better executing this Act, be it further enacted, That if the said Sum of Five Pounds

.fulty shall not per Man, to be paid as aforesaid in such Counties and Places where the Militia shall not be raised, shall '

be duly paid into not be levied., collected, and paid, into His Majesty’s Exchequer, in Manner as herein before directed ;

or^Vperibn’ or ^ an^ Herfon or Persons shall refuse, neglect, or omit, to pay his or their Proportion thereof, or to

Jh^lVTetufc ply- Perfofm his or their^ Duty therein, for railing and Payment of the fame ; then, and in every such Cafe,

mentofhis 7 every Treasurer, High Constable, and Petty Constable, or other Person, to whom any such Default or

Payment, Refusal, Neglect, or Omission, shall be made* shall, and he is hereby jequired, within Four-

2 leen

