756 c- 34. 35'

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1770.

Preamble.

Act 12.

An. Sr. a.c. 16.

14 Geo. a.c. 39.

26 Ceo. 1. c. 2<;.

2 Geo 3. c. 18.

3 Geo. 3. c. 14.

Commissioners

for ihe Longitude

impowered to ie-

ccive Propoials,

and if they think

proper, to make

Experiment

thereof, they are

to certify the

fame, with the

Names of the

Authors, to the

Commissioners

of 1 he Navy

who mi) there-

upon make out

a Bhl for any

Sum not exceed-

ing 50 co !.

payable by the

Treasurer of the

Navy,

Rewards exceed-

ing ioco). t«> be

certified by the

Vujor Part of the

Commiili9nc;«(

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts for providing a Publick Reward for dis-

covering the Longitude at Sea; for improving the Lunar Tables constructed by the late

Professor Mayer ; and for encouraging Discoveries and Improvements ufcfulto Navigation.

WHEREAS by several Acts made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the

Fourteenth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Second

and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, several Sums of Money were granted towards mak-

ing Experiments of Propoials for discovering the Longitude at Sea; towards granting certain Rewards

to the Persons in the said Acts mentioned, towards improving the Lunar Tables constructed by Tobias

Mayer deceased, late Profrflor at Goetingen in Germany3 and towards making Discoveries and Improve-

ments useful to Navigation ; to be applied and paid in such Manner, and to such Persons, as the Com-

missioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea should by virtue of the Powers vested in them by

the several Acts before-mentioned, think neceflar/ and direct : And whereas, by reason of the several

Payments made by the Treasurer of the Navy to several Persons, pursuant to the Directions of the said

Acts, the said several Sums by the said Acts granted are nearly expended: And whereas, as well from the

Experiments which have already been made in pursuance of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners

as aforesaid, as from other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation which have already been

made, there is great Reason to expert, that by continuing to encourage ingenious Persons to invent and

make further Improvements and Experiments in order to discover the said Longitude, such Discoveries

may at length be produced as will effectually answer that End, and thereby greatly contribute to the

Advantage of the Trade and Honour or this Kingdom : Therefore, for enabling the said Commissioners

to causefuch further Experiments to be made as they shall think proper for the Purpose aforesaid, and

for promoting further Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, May it please Your Majesty,

that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Commissioners constituted by the said several Acts

before mentioned for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, and for examining, trying, and judging of

all ProDofals, Experiments, and Improvements relating to the fame, or any Five or more of them, shall

have full Power to hear and receive any Proposal or Proposals that have been, or that shall hereafter be

made to them for discovering the said Longitude at Sea ; or for improving the said Lunar Tables; or for

making any other' Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements, useful to Navigation ; and in

case the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall be so far satisfied of the Probability of

any such Proposal, as to think it proper to make Experiment thereof, or of the Utility of such Discovery

or Improvement, as to think the fame deserving of Reward, they shall certify the fame under their Hands

and Seals to the Commissioners of the Navy for the Time being, together with the Names of the Person

or Persons who shall be the Author or Authors of such Proposal or rropofals, or who shall make such

Discovery or Discoveri s, Improvement or Improvements; and, upon producing such Certificate, the

said Commissioners of the Navy are hereby authorised and required to make put a Bill or Bills for any

such Sum or Sums ot Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, as the said

Commissioners for the Discovery of the said Longitude, or any Five or more of them, shall think necessary

for making any Experiments, or for giving any Reward or Rewards, Sum or Sums of Money, to such

Person or persons as shall improve the said Lunar Tables, or shall make any Discovery or Discoveries,

Improvement or Improvements, useful to Navigation, in pursuance of this Act, or any of the said Acts

herein before mentioned, payable by the Treasurer of the Navy ; which Sum or Sums of Money the

Treasurerof the Navy for the Time being is hereby authorised and required to pay immediately to the

Person or Persons mentioned in the said Certificate or Certificates, out of any Money that shall be in his

the f id Treasurer’s Hands unapplied for the Use of the Navy.

II. Provided always, That if any such Reward or Sum of Money shall exceed the Sum of One thousand

Pounds; then, and in that Cafe, the fame shall be certified under the Hands and Seals of the major Part

of the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the said Longitude.

Prej-r.U.', recit-

i Act ^Gco. 3.

34.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to enable the Governor* Council, and Assembly of His Majesty’s Colony of New

York, to pass an Act of Assembly for creating and issuing upon Loan Paper Bills of Credit

to a certain Amount; and to make the fame a legal Tender in Payments inta the Loan

Offices and Treasury of the said Colony.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His present Manjesty’s Reign, intituled.

An A el to prevent Pa er Bills of Credit hereafter to be issued in any of His Majtffys Colonies or

Plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal Tecder in Payments of Monty, and to prevent the

legal Tender of such Bills as are nowfubfijling, from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in

and faking the fame, it is enacted, That from and after the First Day of September, One thousand seven

hundred and fatty-four* no Older, Resolution, or Vote of AUu»bly> in any of tjis Majest/s Colonies

ot

