336 C. 40. Atino septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

ho is to be ac- aPPoint f°me other fit Person in his Place, until the next Meeting of the'Trustees or Commissioners of

countable tillC* J which Person, so to be nominated and appointed, {hall have the like Power anti Authority,

the next Meet- and be accountable in the same Manner, in all Respects, as the Person so dying had, or would have been,

ingof the Com- if living: And that if any Toll-gatherer or Gate-keeper, who shall be discharged from his Office by the

missioners. Trustees or Commissioners authorised for that Purpose, {hall refuse to deliver up the Possession of the

refus* House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, which he enjoyed in Right of his Appointment to that Office,

ing to^delivcf1 of within two Days after Notice of his Discharge {hall be given to him, or left at his House; or if the Wife

Possession of the or Family of any such Toll-gatherer or Gate-keeper who {hall die as aforesaid, {hall refuse to deliver up the

House, Sec. Possession of such House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, within four Days after such new Appointment

or the Wife or fta]] be made as aforesaid; then, and in either of the said Cafes, it {hall and may be lawful for any Justice

'as ft all die Kh ^eace for County, Division, or Place, where such Turnpike-house {hall be, by Warrant under

Cdnftabie^by his Hand and Seal, to order the Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as {hall be necessary,

v/arrant of a to enter such House and Premises in the Day-time, and to remove the Persons who {hall be found

justice, may en- therein, together with their Goods, out of such House, and to put the new appointed Officer into the

. ter the Pre- Possession thereof.

miles, &c. ^ ..

ind put the new appointed Officer in Ptflcffiion.

Collector* and XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Gate-keeper or Toll-gatherer of every such Toll-gate or

Surveyors to ac- Bar, and every Surveyor of any Turnpike Road, {hall, when required, by Notice in Writing from the

Oath* Then said Trustees or Commissioners, or any five or more of them, render upon Oath, to be administered by,

Required j and taken before, any one Justice of the Peace, Trustee, or Commissioner of such Turnpike Road, a true

and exact Account in Writing, to thofaid Trustees or Commissioners, or to any Person to be named in

such Notice appointed by them, or any five or mor6 of them, of all Monies received by him, her, or them,

at such Toll-gate or Bar, or otherwise on account of such Turnpike Road, not before accounted for,

under Penalty of under the Penalty of five Pounds for every such Offence or Neglect; to be recovered in a summary Man-

5 l. ner before any one Justice of the Peace, and applied to the Use of the respective Roadon which such Toll-

gate {hall be placed.

No Collector or XLV{. And be it further enacted, That no Gate keeper of any Turnpike Road, or Person renting the

Renter of the Tolls thereof, and residing in any Toll-house belonging to the said Trust, {hall be removeable from such

Tolls, may be Toll-house, by the Order of any Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of any Laws now in being for the

removed by vir- Re]jef or Regulation of the Poor, unless he {hall become actually chargeable to some Parish or Place;

laws, unless°he ant* ^at no such Gate-keeper or Person renting such Tolls, and residing in such Toll-house as aforesaid,

become charge- {hall thereby gain a Settlement in any Parish or Place whatsoever; and that no Tolls to be taken at any

able; nor ftail Gate erected, or to be erected, by the Trustees of any Turnpike Road, nor any Toll-house erected, or to

he gain any Set- be erected, for the Purpose of collecting the fame, nor any Person in respect of such Tolls or Toll-house,

T<Jisntnor shall rated or assessed towards the Payment of any Poors Rate, or any other Publick or Parochial Lety

he! ncrThc whatsoever.

Tolls, be liable to any Prrochial Tax.

Constabiesmak- XLVII. And to enforce further a due observance of this Act, be it enacted, That every Constable,

ing Default in Headborough, or Tythingman, refusing or neglecting to put this Act into Execution, or to account for

executing Ms anc* deliver nny Forfeiture or Penalty, according to the Directions of this Act; and every Surveyor of any

&c? Turnpike Road, and every Toll-gatherer, and all Persons employed, or to be employed, by Commissioners

and’Surveyors, or Trustees appointed or to be appointed for the repairing Roads, as do or {hall receive Salaries or Re-

Collectors, &c. wards, who shall wilfully neglect, for the Space of one Week after the Offence committed, to seize any

negledbng to supernumerary Horse or Horses drawing within their View or Knowledge in any Waggon^ Wain, or Cart,

merary^Horse"i contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or shall wilfully neglect for the same Time to lay

drawing in Wag- such Information, upon Oath, before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County,

gons, or to give Riding, Division, or Place, wherein such Offence was committed, or before the Commissioners or Trustees

due information at their respective Meetings, as by this Act is directed; shall, upon due Information'made, upon Oath,

of the Offence, before one or more of his Majesty’s Tuft ices of the Peace for the said County, Riding, Division or Place,

forfeit 101. forfeit, for every such Neglect, the Sum of ten Pounds.

Any Seizure or XLVII F. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That whatever Person or Persons shall

Distress made for make any Seizure or Distress of any Horse, Beast, Gears, or other Things, for any of the Forfeitures

any Fotfcitura hereby incurred, unless by Warrant from a Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Commissioners of any Tum-

vvv^nT1^ pursuant to the Authority hereby given; such Person or Persons {hall deliver the fame into the

tobe deUvered* Custody of the Constable, or some other rarish Officer of the fame, next, or adjacent. Town or Parish,

ever to the Con- wljcre such Seizure or Diihefs is made, who are hereby required to receive into their Custody, and safely to

ft.tide, 111 proof keep the fame, till the Person or Persons who made such Distress or Seizure {hall make Proof, upon Oath,

mrie of :h<- before some Justice of the Peace, of the Offence committed; but if such Proof {hall not be made within

Odsneej and if JDays after such Delivery, then such Horse, Beast, Gears, or other Things, shall be restored to the

6°Days^the Vi Owner; and the Person making such Seizure {hall pay such reasonable Charges to the Constable or other

ref/to be rc- Officer for the keeping and fectiring thereof, as the said Justice or Justices {hall allow and direct; and

turned to the the said Justice or Justices, before whom such Proof is made, are hereby required, after Conviction, to

Owner; and jf]ue their Precept to such Constable or Parish Officer, immediately to deliver the Horse, Beast, Gears, or

l*T T-x*ences of ot^er Things, so forfeited, to the Party or Parties who seized or distrained the fame, to and for their foie

k'-cpMg'"but° Use and Benefit; paying such reasonable Charges for keeping and securing such Horse or Horses, Beads, or

upon Convic- other Things, as the said Justice or Justices shall allow and direct: And every Person making Seizure of

any

