156 C. 14.

Anno sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1766.

Per!on*a fame, and every Part thereof, was to be delivered: And in case the Matter or other Person having the

f‘om . Charge of any such Ship, Vessel, Barge, or Trow, shall neglect or refuse to give such Account as aforesaid,

^he"^© according to the Directions of this Act; or shall dispose of or deliver any Part of the Cyder or Perry by

whom* consign- him taken on board at Sea, or in any other Place, except the Place to which the fame was consigned

ed, on P«- (unavoidable Accidents excepted) the Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the

na!ry of 20I for Sum of twenty Pounds; and such Matter or other Person having the Charge of such Ship, Vessel, Barge,

cvcfyfocbNe- or Trow, shall, within twenty-one Days after his Arrival at the Place of Delivery, land or cause to he

w dtiirering) * landed all the Cyder and Perry then on board to be delivered there, on Pain of forfeiting all such

&c. the/an^ Cyder and Perry which shall not be landed according to the Directions of this Act; which shall and

otherwise than may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, together with the Calks or other Package contain-

consigned. ing the fame.

Pv-rry and Cy-

der to be landed within 21 Days after Arrival, on Forfeiture thereof.

Factors are to IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of Jufa one

enter, at the next thousand seven hundred and uxty-six, every such Factor or Agent, or Favors or Agents, so having, receiv-

Office ot Exciit, ing^ or calcine, any Cyder or Perry into his, her, or their Custody, Possession, or Power, to fell or dispose

at least three Days before he, she, or they, shall begin to fell or dispose of the fame, make a true

Dars before they and particular Entry in Writing, at the Office of Excise next to the Place where such Cyder or Perry shall

irake Srte of be intended to be sold or disposed of, of the respective Name and Names of such Factor or Agent, Fadors

any Cyder or, or Agents, and of every Storehouse, Warehouse, Room, Cellar, or other Place, wherein he, she, or they,

Perry consigned have laid or kept, or intended to lay or keep, any Cyder or Perry; and if any such Fador or Agent, Fac-

feiiure ol%oU fors or Agents, shall, contrary to the Direction of this Act, make use of any Warehouse, Storehouse,

for every unen- Room, Cellar, or other Place, for the laying or keeping any Cyder or Perry, without having made such

tered Storehouse Entry as aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds for every

evade use of; such Storehouse, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, which, from and after the said fifth Day of 7if/jy

^"a^o al?the" onc thousand seven hundred and (ixty-six, shall be made use of without Entry as aforesaid; and all and

Prguiations.Pe- every such Fador or Agent, Fadors or Agents, so receiving Cyder or Perry to fell or dispose of as aforesaidr

*ahie», and Pro- shall be subject and liable, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable, to all the Clauses, Pro-

visions, which vifoes, Regulations, Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Rules, Methods, Matters, and Things, any Dealer or

Dealer* in, and Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of, Cyder or Perry, are subject and liable to, by this or any other

toand'pe/" are or A&a f>arl‘amc>lt now fa Force, for the regulating and enforcing, managing, raising, levying,

iubjea to!”7 collcding, paying, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, and recovering, the Duties on Cyder and

Perry.

Dealer!in, or Re- x. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of

Ind'peny made Juh* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and

and fold in Great f^he Use of h is Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Hogshead of Cyder and Perry

Britain, from which shall be. made and fold in Great Britain, by any Dealer in, or Retailer of, Cyder or Perry, from

Fruit of thdr Fruit of his or her own Growth, and so proportionally for a greater or less Quantity, six Shillings, to be

Pa*^ ^ ^uck Dealers in, or Retailers of, Cyder or Perry.

per Hogshead.

Perform buying XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, who*

Cyder or Perry, {ball buy any Cyder or Perry, or any Fruit to make into Cyder or Perry, and shall fell any of the Cyder

VioCrttrvT* or Perry b°ught or made, by the Hogshead, or any greater or letter Measure; or shall fell any Quantity.

Perry/and fell- of Cyder or Perry, or either of them, in less Quantity than twenty Gallons at a Time, whether the fanie

ing ihat they so he made from Fruit of his, her, or their own Growth, or from bought Fruit, shall be deemed and taken

buy or make, are to be a Dealer or Dealers in, and Retailer or Retailers of, Cyder or Perry, within the Intent and Meaning

deemed Retail- of this Act, and shall be chargeable with the several Duties hereby granted for such Cyder or Perry so made

c,s* and fold respectively.

where one XII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared and enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That when

or.Re# such Dealers in, or Retailers of, Cyder or Perry, made from Fruit of his, her, or their own Growth, shall

cha^ of another, so^ or dispose of such Cyder or Perry to any other Dealer or Retailer of Cyder or Perry, who shall pur-

in order to fell chafe the fame to fell again, such Dealer or Retailer so purchasing the fame to fell again, and receiving the

acain, and the fame, with a proper Certificate, certifying such Duty has been charged, shall not be charged or chargeable

Dunes shill be with the said additional Duty of six Shillings per Hogstiead by this Act imposed on Cyder and Perry made

*ddirion Duthe m ^reat Britain* and sold by Retail; and if the Cyder or Perry made by any such Dealer in, or Retailer,

of 6s.° per Hog- ffom Ffuit of his, her, or their own Growth, shall be sold by the Maker thereof in less Quantity than

f»ead on Retail twenty Gallons at a Time; such Dealer in, or Retailer of, Cyder or Perry, shall not be charged for such

is not to be Cyder or Perry so fold with the said additional Duty of six Shillings per Hogshead by this Act imposed on

charged; nor Cyder and Perry made in Great Britain, and sold by Retail.

where Cyder 77,7

and Perry shall be sold by the Maker in less Qgantitiei than to Gallons to the Dealer or Retailer.

Dealers in, and XIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared determined by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every

Retailers of, Cy* such Dealer or Dealers in, and Retailer or Retailers of Cyder or Perry made from Fruit of his, her, or

from^ruiVof t^eir own Qr°wth, shall.be subject and liable, and is hereby declared to be subject and liable, in respect of

their own such Cyder or Perry so made, to all the Clauses, Provisoes, Regulations, Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Growth,are sub- Rules, Methods, Matters, and Things, which any Dealer in, or Retailer of, Cyder or Perry, is subject

jeaed to like Re- and liable to, by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force for the regulating, enforcing,

cuUions, Penal- 7 managing,

