538 c. iu

Armo nono Gsontui III.

A. D. 1769.

For pwiiftrng

Persons torgirg

ASi^nments or

Ccxu5 cates.

Perfoof chareed

to r hi» R^te-ex-

empt firm for-

mer Raies..

Old Rjitet may

b< collected till

* certain Day,

missioners in Manner aforesaid (which he is hereby required to do without Fee or Reward) shall irrtitte

the Person or Persons to whom they shall be respectively m ide, and his, her, and rheir respective Executors,

Administrators, and f (Tigris, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities so aligned or transferred.

XLI, And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Perfors whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or

procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting any Assignment

of any such Annuity as aforesaid, or any Certificate of the Age or of the Life of any Nominee, or aiiy

Order or Authority in Writing to receive any Annuity due or to grow due to any Proprietor thereof, or

any Part thereof, or shall knowingly or fraudulently demand or endeavour to have or receive any such Annui-

ty or Annuities, or any Part thereof, by virtue of any forged or counterfeited Alignment, Letter of Attor-

ney, Certificate, Indmment, Order, or Authority, in Writing, or shall falsely or deceitfvflly perforate any

true and real Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Annuity or Annuities, or the Assignee of any such Proprie-

for or Proprietors, and thereby receiving or endeavouring to receive the Money of any such true and lawful

Proprietor or Assignee, as if such Offender were the true and lawful Proprietor thereof ; then, and in every

and any of the said Cafes, all and every such Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted

in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death without Benefit of Clergy.,

For charging the XLII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money so to be aJvanced

Mo^y borrowed an(j ient^ anc| Interest thereof, and all and every the Annuity anJ Annuities so to oc purchased under

•at e aw. by virtue of this Act, shall be, and they are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and layabb from

Time to Time out of, the Monies arising from the Rates and Assess’ments to be rated and afTefied by virtue

and for the Purposes of this Act ; and all Persons who shall he so possessed of such Securities shall beCre-

ditors in equal Degree, without Preference with respect to the Priority of his, her, or their advancing the

Money thereon.

XLIIL Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no P rfon, who Ural! be charged

or assessed towards the Rates to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall thereafter be liable to or

charged with any other Rates or Affefiments made or hereafter to be made by virtue or in pursuance of any

former Act or Acts of Parliament, for or towards the paving, cleansing, lighting, or watching the said

Liberty of Saint Martin Le Grand, or any Parr thereof.

XLIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or

be construed to extend, to repeal, annul, or make void, any Rate or Assessment made or charged by virtue

or in pursuance of any former Act or Acts of Parliament, which were due or payable, or in Arrear, on

the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, or any of the Reme-

dies, Powers, or Provinons, given or provided by such Act or Acts respectively, for the collecting, levy-

ing, or recovering the fame ; but all such Rates and Assessments, and all Arrears thereof respectively,

which were due and payable on the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One.thousand seven hundred

and sixty-eight, and all the Remedies, Powers, and Provisions, in and by such former Act or Acts of Par-

liament respectively granted, enacted, or provided, for the collecting, levying, .and recovering, the fame

respectively, shall continue and be in Force j any tuing herein before contained to the contrary thereof m

any wise notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to be raised and received by virtue of this Act

shall be, and the fame are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and shall be applied to the Purposes

of this Act, and to*and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XLV I. And be it further enacted. That all the Charges and Expences of prbcu ring and passing this

Act shall be paid out of the First Monies Which shall be collected or raised determined by virtue thereof.

Exempting Wri- XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Contraft, Bond,

tings rr«n Stamp Warrant Judgment, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, or

only signed by any Commissioner or Commissioners constituted by this Act, or any Justice or Justices of

the Peace* or exhibited before any of them, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, or only

signed by, any other Person or Persons whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be charge-

able with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed or incurred

(the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be

levied and recovered by. Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant* under the

Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City and

Liberty of Westminster, or for die County of Middlesex\ which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and

are hereby hnpowered and required to grant upon the Confession of the Party or Parties* or upon the In-

formation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justiceor Justices

is and are hereby impowered and required to administer and the Penalties and Forfeitures when reco-

vered, after rendering the Overplus (if any J upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and

Chattels shall be lb aifirained and fold (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted) shall

be paid to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, and shall be applied to and for the Purpofts

of this Act, as the faid1 Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think" (it; and in case suffi-

cient Distress cannot be founds then it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices to

nomrait such Offender to any Piifon within the City or Liberty of Wesbmnfteri or County of Middls/ex,

without Bail or Mah^jrize, lor any Space of Time not exccedingThirty Days, nor less than Ten Da£$.

Fxurefting Mo-

ney in Commis-

fioneps.

For paying tha

Xrpeoces of tbit

duty.

Application of

the .Monica.

