A.D. 1776; Anno decimo Georgii III. C. 23.711

LXXXIII. And, in order to enable the said Inspectprs effectually to prevent the dealing by or with un- to in*

lawful Weights, -Balances, or Measures, within the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone; be it enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That the said Inspectors {hall be, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, *

and fhictiv required, Once in every Month at the least, at feasonable Times in the Day-time, not being

kfs than Four in Number, to enter into all and every Shop, House, or Warehouse, Inn, or Victualling-

house, within the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, or into any other House or Houses belonging to any

Person or Persons that deal by Weight or Measure, as well of Milk as other Measures; and if the said

Inspecfors shall find any Weight, Balance, or Measure to be defective, it {hall and may be lawful to and

for the said Infpcctors, and they are hereby directed and required to break and destroy the fame, and to Penalty on Per-

amerce the Owner or Owners thereof, or such Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the fame (°ns. u,in8 stort

fhrdl be found, the Sum of Ten Shillings for the First Offence, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Se- Wc,*hu> &c*

conJ Offence, and the Sum of Forty Shillings for the Third and every other Offence; and it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required so to do, within One

Month n xt after fuen Person or l erfons is, are, or shall be, convicted of such Second and every subse- °£f

quent Offence, to cause his, her, or their Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, and Addition or fabfequem of-

Additions, together with the Nature of his, her, or their Offence, to be inserted in the Daily Advertiser; fence, to be i»-

and the Proprietor or Proprietors, Printer and Printers, or any other Person or Persons concerned therein,fcrted in rhe

are hereby air honied and required to print the fame, within Three Days next after he, she, or they, is or Dai1* Advc,t‘fer*

arc required To to do by, or by order of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them; and he,

lhc, or they, is and are hereby indemnified from any Prosecution or Prosecutions for inserting or causing

the fame to be inserted in the said Daily Advertiser, by and from any Person or Persons whatsoever; any

Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who shall frfaaon1 not

be nominated and appointed, and shall serve the said Office of an Inspector within the said Parish, shall seven^arV1*

be again summoned or appointed to serve the said Office in kfs than Seven Years after the End of such vcn eais*

former Service.

LXXXV. And be it furiher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person within the said Pa- £.err°n* ahcve

rish shall be liable or compelled to serve the said Office of an Inspedfor, who is of the Age of Sixty ^J not tw

Yiars or upwards; any Thing in this Adb contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and Standards of

kept at the Court-house in the said Parish a common Balance, and common Weights and Measures seal- Weights, &c

cd, according to the Standard of the Exchequer; which said Balance, Weights, and Measures, shall be be kept at

paid for out of any of the Monies in the Hands of the Taid Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commis- °url" ou c*

iioners for the l ime king.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to Cop#miflwnfr*

and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting or Meetings to be held p^nTiomitk

in pursuance of this Act, to appoint One or more Person or Persons to attend at the said Court-house, wr.ghts, Uz.

to mark all Weights and Measures, of what Nature or Kind soever, in Manner herein after directed.

LXXXVIII. 1 rovided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That such Commissioners, ofandrcmore

any Seven or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to remove them and jp-

such Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, when and so often as they shall judge necessary; in Poll,t alter*.

which Cafe, or if such Cither or Officers shall die, such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them,

shall and may appoint any other Person or Persons in his or their Room or Stead, so being removed

or dying, as aforesaid.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Aufhority aforesaid, That when and so soon-as such coni- Notice m be pi-

nion Balance, Weights, and Measures are provided, according to the Standard of the Exchequer, arid VC;1 /or

such Officer or Officers appointed as aforesaid, such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall *c*to bt

cause public Notice to be given in the Church belonging to the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, (which c

Notice the Minister and Curate of the said Parish is and are hereby required to read and give, or cause to be

read and given) and also by Writing to be affixed on One of the Doors of the said Church, for all and

every the Inhabitants of the said Panih dealing by Weights or Measures, as well of Milk as other Mea-

sures of what Nature or Kind soever, to bring in their said Weights and Measures, between the Hours of

Ten of the Clock in the P'orcnoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, to the said Court-house,

to be sized, Tealed, marked, and stamped, in Manner herein after directed, within Thirty Days from

the Time of such publick Notice so to be given as aforesaid; and from and after the Expiration of the

said Thirty Days, such Officer or Officers shall attend at the said Court-house every Monday^ or oftener

if needful, for the Purposes aforesaid; of which Attendance he aiul they is and are hereby required to

cause publick Notice to be given in and affixed upon the Door of the uid Parish Church, in Manner

aforesaid, Four Times in the Year at least.

XC. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Officer or Officers so to be pp- rtffiepo to mark

pointed as aforesaid, is and are hereby required, upon Application to him or them made, to ii/.c and teal, Ac.

and also mark or stamp, all Weights and Measures which shall be brought to him for that Purpoff, and

which shall be agreeable to the Standard of the Exchequer aforesaid; and the said Officer or Officers shall

demand and receive for each Weight and Measure so by him or them ftaled and marked as aforesaid, for

their Pains and Trouble therein, the Fees following, and no more; that is to say.

For every Bushel, Four-pence.

For every Half Bushel, Two-pence.

For every Peek,-Half PeGk, and Quarter Peck, One Penny.

Fees for the

fame.

