The TITLES of the STATUT E S.

t©8. An Act for naturalizing Gerard Backus and Leonard

Halls.

109. An Act for naturalizing*^# Christian Hoffman.

no. An Act far veiling the Estates of the Right Honour-

able William late Earl of Stafford, deceased, in the

Counties of Stafford and Salop, devised by his Will, in

Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of the Debts and

Incumbrances affecting the fame ; and for other Pur-

poses.

in. An Act for vetting in Trustees several Real Estates,

late of Jane Torre, Widow, deceased, in Hefsle, Tranby,

Ahilaby, and elsewhere, within the County of the Town

of Kiugfon upon Hulf which were given and devised,

by her Will, to and for the Benefit of the Reverend

♦ Mr. James Torrey Clerk, her Son, and his Children,

uponTruft, to sell the same, and apply the Money to

arise by the Sale in manner therein expressed.

112. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open

Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of

Blidworthy in the County of Nottingham.

PUBLICK ACTS,

Anno 10 Georgiilll.

1. AN Act for continuing an Act made in the last

j\ Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a further

Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt,

Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extrac-

tion of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat

Flour.

2. An Act to continue for a further Time, an Act made

in the eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, in-

tituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the

fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for Importation of Salted Beef. Pork, Bacon,

and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for

allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon,

and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for

a limited Time.

3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion ; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An Act for indemnifying all Persons with respect to

advising or carrying into Execution his Majesty’s Orders

of Council, made for preventing the Spreading of a

contagious Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle, and

for rendering the fame valid and effectual, and for pre-

venting Suits iivconfequence thereof; and to authorise

the continuing, extending, and executing the fame, for

a further Time.

5. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty

certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred

and seventy.

6. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy.

7. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore.

t. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made

in the seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, in-

tituled, An Act to discontinuey for a limited Tiiriey the

Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow y Hogs Lardy

and Grease.

9. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-

fifth Day of March, one thousand (even hundred and

seventy.

10. An Act to permit the Exportation of Malt.

11. An Act for raising a certain Sum of. Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and seventy.

12. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the

Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, or the

Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to com-

pound, with William Hill and John Dyer, a Debt due

to the Crown from William ryey for which they are

Sureties.

13. An Act for enabling his Majesty to grant the Inherit-

ance in Fee Simple of the Manor of Cojhaniy in the

County of JViltSy with the Rights, Members, and Ap-

purtenances thereof, now held, under a Demise by Let-

ters Patent under the Seal of his Majesty’s Court of

Exchequer, in Trust for Paul Methuen Esquire, unto

the said Paul Methueny and his Heirs, upon a full and

adequate Consideration to be paid for the fame.

14. An Act for paving, lighting, and watching the Town

of Plymouthy in the County of Devon; and for regu-

lating the Caimen and Porters within the said Town.

15. An Act to continue an Act made in the last Session

of Parliament, intituled. An Act for cmendingy and fur*

ther continuingy an Act of the sixth Year of his present Ma-

jesty* s Reigny intituled. An Act to amend and render

more effectual, in his Majesty’s Dominions in America,

an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, inti-

tuled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion ; and

for the better Payment of the Army and their ^rnrters.

16. An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elec*

tions, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

17. An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the

seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reii>n, intituled.

An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies

and Plantations in America ; for allowing a Drawback of

the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation, from this

Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa NutSy of the Produce of the

said Colonies or Plantations ; for discontinuing the Draw-

backs payable on China Earthen Ware exported to America ;

and for more effectually preventing the clandestine Running

of Goods in the said Colonies and rlantationSy as relates to

the Duties upon Glass, Red-lead, White-Lead, Pain-

ters Colours, Paper, Paste-boards, Mill boards, and

Scale-boards, of the Produce or Manufacture of Great

Britain, imported into any of his Majesty’s Colonies in

America ; and also to the discontinuing the Drawbacks

payable on China Earthen-ware, exported to America

and for regulating the Exportation thereof.

18. An Act for preventing the Stealing of Dogs.

19. An Act for better Preservation of the Game, within

that Part of Great Britain called England.

20. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of

Small Debts within the Borough of King's Lynnf and

the Liberties thereof.

21. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of

Small Debts, within the Parishes of Poultony *Kirkhamy

Lythaniy and Bifphamy and Townships of Preef all and

Stalminey in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

22. An Act for better supplying the City of Worcester,

and the Liberties thereof, with Water; and for the

better paving and lighting the said City; and for remo-

ving and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances

therein.

23. An Act for the more effectually paving, repairing,

cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, an J

other Passages, and for regulating Weights and Mea-

sures, within the Parish of Saint Mary U Boney in the

County

t^ooooie

