33* C. 40.

Anno feptimo Georgii III*

A. 0.1767.

ao be applied to tively, and to no other Use or Purpose whatever ; any Thing in this or any other Act to the contrary not-

Jtoa^*Fai,0ftbC with^anding.

Prosecutors or LIII. And be it enacted, That every Prosecutor or Informer may, at his Election, sue for and recover

informer* at any Forfeiture or Penalty imposed by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament made, or to be made, for

liberty to sue, erecting Turnpikes, or for repairing and amending Turnpike Roads, in the same Manner as such Forfei-

•iihcr.s there. tures anj Penalties are severally and respectively directed to be sued for and recovered, or by Action at Law,

p^LAftsdlrea*to ^ brought W such Informer or Prosecutor in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record in Manner follow-

er, in the Count ing, (that is to say) where any Person shall be liable to such pecuniary Penalty, it shall and may be lawful

of Record, by to sue for and recover the fame by Action of Debt; in which it {hall be sufficient to declare, that the De-

Action of Debt, fendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of

being forfeited by an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,4 An Act

4 to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulat-

4 ing the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned ;* and where the Pe-

nalty or Forfeiture is or shall be of any Horse or Beast of Draught, or other Goods, by an Action of Trover

against the Person liable to such Penalty or Forfeiture, in which the said Forfeiture shall be sufficient Evi-

dence of Property to the Plaintiff; and in which the Value of such Horse, Beast of Draught, or other

Goods, as is or are liable to the Forfeiture, shall be given in Damages, without any Proof of Seizure or

Demand ; and the Plaintiff, if he recover in any such Action, shall have full Costs : Provided that there

shall not be more than one Recovery for the fame Offence; and that ten Days Notice, in Writing, be

g|ven to the Party offending, previous to the Commencement of such Action ; and that the fame be brought

one Recovery for and commenced within one Calendar Month after the Offence, for which such Action is brought, {hall

the ferr.e Of- have been committed.

•nee ; and Notice

also to be given to the Party; and Action brought within a certain Time.

•r of Trover

and recovering,

me intitled to

full Costs.

No more than

Distref* for Mo- LIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money

*ey not deemed to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful; nor the Party or Par-

fcr1^efauit&of Pes making the ^ame be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Default or Want of Form

Form in the in any Proceedings relating thereto 5 nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or

Preceding*; Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parges

■or the Partj distraining 5 but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, may recover full Satisfaction for the

T^efpaflerabin- Special Damage in an Action on the Cale.

»Jtio, on account of any subsequent Irregularity.

Plaintiff in any LV. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs {hall recover in any Action for any such Irregu-

A^on for irre- jarjty, Trespafs, or wrongful Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on there-

to recoverwh ere half of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity,

Tender of A- Trespafs, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought: And in case no such Tender shall have

.»ends has been been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where

inade before Ac- such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he

non brought. or they {hall fee fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders and Judgements, {hall be had, made, and

•d\onp!y MonTy Sivcn> *n an(* by Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into

into Court before Court.

JHue joined.

Perfom sggriev- LVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved

«shy 'rust^ew by any Thing done by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Commissioners, or Trustees, in puffuance of this

Truste«inayS or Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed ; such Person may appeal to

appeal (where the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding,

aot otherwisedi- Division, or Place, wherein the Cause of such Complaint shall arise, within six Months after the Cause of

jested);othe such Complaint shall havearifen; such Appellant first giving, or causing to be given, to such Justice,

?ession* C^after Commissioners, or Trustees, by whose Act or Acts such Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved.

Due Notice to eight Days Notice at the least in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter

be given of in- thereof; and within four Days after such Notice, entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the

•ention to appeal; p€ace for the said County, Riding, Division, or Place, with one sufficient Surety, conditioned to try such

»nd Recognw- y\ppea) at> and abide the Order of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by, the Justices of such Quar-

wd inm. COtCT* ter Session ; and every Justice of the Peace, and the Commissioners or Trustees, having received Notice of

Preceding*had such Appeal as aforesaid, shall return all Proceedings whatever had before them respectively, touching the

in the Ca.'e, to Matter of such Appeal, to the said Tuftices at their General Quarter Sessions aforesaid, on Pain of forfeit-

bc returned into ing five Pounds for every such Neglect ; and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such No-

Forfc'uure'ofn I t*ce being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine

Court to'deter- the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing

mine the Matter or appealed against as they, the said Justices, shall think proper ; to be levied and recovered as herein be-

in a/ummary fore directed ;. and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions {hall be final and conclusive to all Intents and

Way, and award purposes ; and that no Proceeding to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated

rh^r Defer- v^ant of Form, or removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Ma-

mination to be fi- jesty’s Courts of Record at WestmnJler any Law or Statute to the contrary notwubftaikding.

Proceeding not remove able by Certiorari, &c*

LVILPio.

