A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. C. 5S. 273

and the said Bond, with respect to such Coffee as shall be exported to Great Britain, Ireland or to any Condition of the

other Place under the Dominion of his Majeshr, his Heirs or Successors, where Custom-house Officers g,v"n^°tLcfc

are or may be established, shall be with further Condition, to return a Certificate within eighteen Calendar c

Months from the Date of such Bond from the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the

Customs, at such Port or Place, that such Coffee has been there landed accordingly; and with respect to

such Coffee as shall be exported to any Place not under the Dominion of his Majesty, or where no such

Officers are appointed, such Bond shall continue in Force for two Years from the Date thereof; and in

case no Fraud mall appear within that Time, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Cuf-

toms in England, or any four or more of them, to direct the said Bond to be cancelled and delivered up.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if the Importer or Proprietor of any such Goods as shall if such waw-

be warehoused as aforesaid, shall not pay the Duties due for the fame, nor export such Goods within twelve [;oofc<1 Goodt

Calendar Months as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal

Officer of the Customs, at the Port or Place where such Goods shall be secured, to cause the fame to be Months, noAte

publickly sold to the best Advantage; and the Money arising by such Sale shall be, in the first place. Duties natd*

applied in Discharge of the Duties due and payable for such Goods, and the Charges attending the Expence Custom-

of such Sale; and the Surplus of the Money so arising by such Sale (if any) after Payment of the said house may fell

Duties and Charges, shall be paid to the Importer or Proprietor who so landed and warehoused such ^ anTTv’the

Goods, or to such other Person as shall be duly authorised to receive the same. Monies in Pit*.

- charge of the Duties and Charges, See,

XVm. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Licence given

Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or to >mporc Duty-

Persons to import any Cotton Wool or Indico, of foreign Produce or Manufacture, into any British Island f!£c Gotton

In that Part of America commonly called the West Indies, in any Ship or Vessel that may lawfully trade to of foretgn Wo-*

and from the said British Ifland3, navigated according to Law, without Payment of any Duty or other jUce, into the"

Imposition whatsoever for such Goods; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. Biittf* Wed

Indies, in Ships

navigated according to Law.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day No Duty to be

of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, no Duty or other Imposition whatsoever shall be paid in America,

paid, in any British Colony or Plantation in America, for any Sort of Cotton Wool exported from thence; ?n E«Portatio»

any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. - anTcotton'

Wool.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of £•“*«*

July% one thousand (even hundred and sixty-six, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons ,

to import and bring into Great Britain, in British built Ships or Vessels navigated according to Law, from to import in*o

any Port or Place whatsoever, any Sort of Cotton Wool, without paying any Subsidy, Custom, or other Great Britain,

Duty, whatsoever, for the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. in BritiA built

Ships, Sec, aaj

Cotton Wool Duty-free.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That a due Entry of such Cotton Wool Entry to

and Indico, shall be made in the respective Custom-house belonging to the Port where such Goods shall be made at the

imported, either in the West Indies or Great Britain, in the same Manner and Form, and expressing the Port of importt-

Quantities thereof, as was used and practised before the making of this Act ; and the said Goods shall be lion>such

landed in the Presence of the proper Officer appointed for that Purpose ; otherwise such Goods shall be ^!tJnd*Wo°l

liable to the Payment of the fame Duties, as would have been due and payable for the fame if this Act had Ind theGoidt

not been made. to be landed in

Presence of the Officer, otherwise to pay the accvftomed Duties.

XXII. And, in order to promote and encourage the Growth of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts in the British

Dominions in America, and the Importation of such Goods into Great Britain, to be exported from thence

into foreign Parts; and to case the Merchants and Dealers therein from the Difficulty of paying the full

Duties for the fame when imported for that Purpose; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That from and after the said first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and (ixty-six, no Duty or NoDu*y to be

Custom shall be paid for any Coffee of the Growth or Produce of anymBritish Colony or Plantation in Paid/or any

America, nor for any foreign Coffee which shall have been warehoused upon the Continent of

America, which shall be imported directly from such Places respectively into Great Britain, in the Manner Coffi

required by this or any Act now in Force, nor for any British or foreign Cocoa Nuts imported into Great warehoused m

Britain, other than one-half of the old Subsidy granted by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, made in America, im-

the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, which shall be paid down in ready Money, and Portsd from

shall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the Exportation of the fame Goods; provided hich

Coffee and Cocoa Nuts shall, immediately upon landing, be secured in Warehouses, pursuant to thetain. norfor"

Directions of an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repealing certain Cocoa Nutt i»-

Duties therein mentioned payable upon Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, and Cocoa Paste imported, ported, mort

and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned ; t^nchf!t.the

and such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts so warehoused shall, in all other Respects, be subject to the like Duties,

Restrictions, and Regulations, if tak?n out for Home Consumption> and to the like Securities, Regulations, cofe

Vo i.X. Nn and

boogie

