A.D. 1770.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

C. 14. 657

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing this Act, when and so often as the Co*iriffion#ri

Pavements of the Parade, Quays, Markets, and the several other Places within the said Borough, which t|*

have been usually paved and kept in Repair by the Corporation and the Owners thereof respectively, or Parvld^ &Cf

when and so often as any Part or Parts of the Pavements of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the

said Borough, shall be taken up, injured, or damaged, by any Person or Persons employed by the Owner

or Owners of any Water-pipes, or by the bursting or breaking of any Pipe or Pipes; in any of these

Cafes, the fame shall, with all convenient Speed, De repaired by the ravior or Paviors employed by the

said Commissioners; and the Expence attending such Repairs shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or

to such Person or Persons as they shall, for that Purpose, appoint; and shall and may be recovered by

Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record, with full Coils of Suit, in the Name or

Names of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk; and it

shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to compound and agree with the said Corporation, and

Owner and Owners of the said Quays or Water-pipes respectively, for a certain Sum of Money by the Foot

or other Measure, as to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall seem reasonable.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons appointed by

them, may, and is and are hereby authorised and impowered, to cut, dig, take, and carry away, or cauie £ dig Stone*

to be cut, digged, taken, and carried away, any Stones from any of the Quarries belonging to the said *c*

Corporation, or from the Quarry under the Eastern Hie, proper to be used in repairing and amending

Pavements of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, without paying any Thin^ for the fame.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven Sign*, &c. to St

or more of them, shall cause all Signs which now are, or at any Time hereafter shall be, placed or hung reisulate<1*

in any Part or Parts of the said Streets and Lanes, to be fixed or placed on the Fronts of such Houses

respectively where to the fame shall belong; also shall and may cauie all Sign-irons, Polls, and Boards, or

other Things, occasioning any Obstruction, Projection, or Annoyance, in the said Streets and Lanes

(Bulks only excepted) to be removed or altered in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven

or more of them, shall think most proper and convenient; and, for the future, all Signs and Boards shall

be placed or fixed on the Fronts of the Houses or Buildings whereunto they respectively belong, and not

otherwise: And if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time hereafter, hang, place, ered, or build, any

Sign, Sign-poll or Iron, Board, Pent-house, Bulk, or Porch, or cause the fame to be done, in any other

Manner than as aforesaid, or shall, in any Manner occasion any Encroachment or Annoyance in the said

Streets or Lanes; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds

for each Day’s Continuance thereof.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,'That if any Person or Persons Owner* may

shall be minded or desirous, at his or their own Expence, Cost, and Charges, to remove or alter any such ^.mn°sve&t|lcl^

Sign, Sign-iron, Poll, Board, or other Thing occasioning any Obstruction, Projcdion, or Annoyance, thrown Ex-

in the said Streets and Lanes as before directed; that then, and in such Cafe, all Materials unused, after pcncc.

the Alterations thereto made, shall be the Property of the Person or Persons so making or doing thereof;

but if the fame Alterations, or any Part thereof, shall be made or done at the Expence of the said Com-

missioners, then if any, or any Part of any such Sign, Sign-iron, Pcft, or Board, shall remain unused

after the Alteration made thereto, as before directed, the fame shall be the Property of, and is hereby

veiled in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority afore said. That all Spouts and Gutters belonging Water Spout* t*

to, and which convey Water from the Tops of the Houses, Warehouses, Shops, or other Buildings, bc br0ll^llt dow*

thirdly into the Streets, Lanes, Ways, or publick Places within the said Town, shall, within Six Ca-

lendar Months after the passing this Act, be removed, and the Water shall be conveyed by Pipes to be c

brought down by the Sides or Fronts of such Houses, Warehouses, Shops, or other Buildings, into some

und.r-ground Sewer, Ciflern, or Refcrvoir, or to the Ground, at the Colls and Charges of the respec-

tive Owners or Proprietors thereof; and in case the fame shall not be done within the Time aforesaid,

the Occupier of every such House, Warehouse, Shop, or other Building, shall forfeit and pay the Sum

of Five Shillings for each and every Week any such Spout or Gutter mall remain, and the Water not

be conveyed down as aforesaid, after the Time herein before limitcJ; and it shall and may be lawful for

any Tenant or Tenants of any such House, Warehouse, Shop, or other Building aforesaid, and they are

hereby required (in case of Neglect or Refusal by the respective Owners or Proprietors thereof) to alter

such Spouts and Gutters in Manner herein before directed; and such Tenant or Tenants so altering such

Spouts and Gutters, shall and may retain the Expence out of his, her, or their next Rent or Rents ;

and their rafpeclive Landlords are hereby required to allow the fame; and that if any Person or Persons

ll all hereafter creel, or cause to be eroded, any Spout or Gutter for conveying Water from any old or

new House, Warehouse, Shop, or other Building, in any Manner contrary to the Directions and true

Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall fortcit and pay the Sum of 'Fen Shillings for every Week

such Spout or Gutter shall lerru.in.

XV ll!. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That all Houses and Building:* hereafter H uiH &c. t*

to I e built or new-fronted, in the said Streets or Lanes, or either of them, shall, for the cficdual and abfo-11 u' Per <*,'d'‘u*

lire Prevention of all Projections, Annoyances, and lnconveniencics thereby, rife perpendicularly from

the Foundation; and if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, preftime to build fry'nttfa,

nr new-front, or cause the fame to be done, or rife other wise than perpendicularly from such Foundation,

ft shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, under their

Hi ds and Seals, to cause the fame to be pulled down and removed determined by any Person, Workmen, or Per-

fons they shall think fit; the Colls and Charges whereof shall be paid and reimbursed to the said Com-

niiifioneis, or their Order, by the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Buildings, Person or Persons or-

dering or directing the lame.

Vui. X. 4 P XIX

