300 C. 27. Anno feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1767.

and Possessors of all such Houses as are built, or shall hereafter be built, upon the foresaid Grounds hereby

annexed to, and comprehended within the said Royalty, an equal Portion of the Cess-Annuity, Poor’s-

Money, and Watch-Money payable by the City of Edinburgh, in the fame Way and Manner as the fame

are now levied within the present Royalty.

Heritors of Mid- XI. Provided always. That the Heritors of the said County of Mid-Lothian, and all other Person and

Lothian to enjoy persons whatsoever, {hall have and enjoy all such Rights and Privileges for transporting their Goods and

through6thef * Commodities through the whole Grounds hereby annexed, as they now have and enjoy tnrough the Limits

Grounds annex- of the present City of Edinburgh: And that no City Duties or Imports for Importation, or otherwise, shall

ai through be claimed or extracted upon Wines, or other Liquors, Timber, or any other Merchandize whatsoever,

the City of for passing through any of the said Grounds hereby annexed, unless the fame {hall be unpacked or con-

Edinburgh. fumed within the said City and annexed Grounds.

Lands annexed XII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the several Lands hereby anexed to the Royalty of

liable to the the City of Edinburgh shall, besides the Cess to be levied by the Collector of the Town for and in cefpeft

Taxes. PUWlCk°^ Houses an^ Buildings, remain liable, and be subjedted to the Payment of a Rateable Proportion of

the Cess and Land Tax, and other publick Taxes imposed, or to be imposed, on the Shire of Edinburgh,

for and in respect of the Ground, to be levied in the same Manner as formerly 5 any Thing in this Act to

the contrary notwithstanding.

All Perrons may XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That it shall and may be lawful to all and

9t\iUCtVmh% f every Person ar|d Persons to exercise any Trade or Calling within the Limits of the Lands hereby annexed

Lao^annexed. (0* anc^ comprehended within, the said Royalty ; any Thing in this present Act to the contrary notwith-

standing : Saving always, and reserving to the several Societies and Incorporations within the City of Edin-

burgh, all such Rights and Privileges which do now belong and are enjoyed by them within the Limits of

♦ the present Royalty of the said City.

Saving to the XIV, Provided always, and .it is hereby expressly declared. That nothing herein contained shall extend

Tenants holding to, or prejudice, the Rights of Tenants holding under Tacks from the City of Edinburgh any of the Lands

under Tacks hereby annexed to, and comprehended within, the said Royalty, and belonging in Property to the Com-

of°Ed!l?£ munity of the said City.

Grounds annex- XV. Provided always, and be it enacted. That the aforesaid Grounds hereby annexed to, and compre-

ed to the Royal- bended within, the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh, {hall be, and they are hereby, for ever after, dif-

ty of the City, joined from the Parish of Saint Cuthbert’s or IVeJlkirk, and South Leith, and are hereby annexed to the

ParUh of SthC Saint Giles within the City of Edinburgh.

Lands disjoined XVI. Provided always, That the Lands hereby disjoined from the Parishes of Saint Cuthbert's and South

from the Parishes Leith, and the Heritors thereof, {hall remain liable and be subjedted to the Ministers Stipends, and other

of St. Cuthbert’i parochial Burdens; and that the Tythes payable out of the Lands hereby annexed {hall be, and the fame

ZXo Mini-are hereby, saved and reserved to the true Owners thereof, in the same Manner as if this Act had never

fieri Stipends, passed.

Ac.

Patronage of XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Right of Patronage of

Churches built such Churches as shall be built and endowed by the Community of the City of Edinburgh upon any of the

Lands”6* belong Grounds hereby annexed to, and comprehended within, the said Royalty, {hall, and is hereby do-

to the City of 8 dared to belong to the said City of Edinburgh, in the same Manner as the said City holds the Patronages

Edinburgh. of the Churches within the ancient Royalty.

Saving to hit XVIII. Saving also, and reserving to his Majesty, and all other Person or Persons concerned, all Rights

Majesty and and Interests (other than the present Extension of the said Royalty) which they had, have, or may have,

others. In ^ Lancjs hereby annexed.

A Theatre to be c XIX. And whereas a licensed Playhouse is much wanted in that Part of the United Kingdom called

eflabiiford at « Scotland,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That so much of an Act of Parliament which

Edinburgh. passed in the tenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, 4 An Act to explain and amend so

xo r#.a. c. as. t much Qf an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne,^ intituled. An Act for re*

4 ducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, andVagrants, into one Act of Parliament;

4 and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending

* them whither they ought to befent\ as relates to common Players of Interludes whereby all Per-

fons are discharged to represent any Entertainme nt of the Stage whatever, in virtue of Letters Patent

from his Majesty, or by Licence of the Lord Chamberlain of his Majesty’s Houshold for the time being,

except within the Liberties of TVeJbninJler, or where his Majesty is residing for the time being, be, and

the fame is hereby, repealed, so far as the fame respects the City of Edinburgh : And that it {hall and may

be lawful to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or

Playhouse in the City of Edinburgh, or Suburbs thereof, which shall be intitled to all the Privileges,

and subjedted to all the Regulations, to which any Theatre or Playhouse in Great Britain is intitled

and subjedted

Publick A&. XX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That this Act is a Publick Act; and {hall be deemed

and taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, in all Courts and Places, without specially

pleading the same.

CAP.

