A.D. 1765.

Anno quinto 'Georgii III.

C. 2 5.

47

make Oath of the Truth’of such Surveys; which Oath or Oaths shall and may be admmiftered by any signea by the

justice of the Peace, who is hereby authorized and required to administer the fame; and a Certificate of Personsmaking

is or their having sworn to the Truth thereof shall be signed by the Port Matter General for the

being, or by his Deputy or Deputies, in such Chief Pott Offices in Great Britain and Ireland, and in the oath, and certi-

British) Dominions in America \ which Books and Surveys shall determine the Distances on. all the said fied by the Post ,

Pott Roads: And in case of any Suspicion of Error or wrong Admeasurement, it shall and may be lawful Master General-

for the said Post Matter General to cause new Surveys to be made; and the last Surveys which shall be or h's

made, and shall be verified and attested as above directed, shall, in all Courts of Justice, be Evidence of E^or^iwwSur-^

the Distances on such Post Roads; and all Rates granted by any former Act or Acts, or by this present Veys may be

Act, for the Port or Conveyance of Letters ana Packets, shall be paid and taken according to such made out* *c-

Surveys. cording toivbick'

J Portage is to be

charged.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Power given to

the Post Matter General for the time being, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently settle penny Pod.

authorized, to settle and establish an Office, to be called The Penny Post Office, in any City or Town, and Offices where

the Suburbs thereof, and Places adjacent, within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and the convcnicnt*

British Dominions in America, where such Ports shall, by the Post Matter General, be adjudged necessary

and convenient; and to demand, have, receive, and take the fame Rates and Sums for the Postage and

Conveyance of all Letters and Packets, conveyed by such Penny Post, as are or may be taken for the

Carriage of Letters and Packets, sent or conveyed by the Carriage called The Penny Po/l, established and '

settled within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, ac-

cording to the Extent and Meaning of the said Act made in the ninth Year of her said late Majesty Queen J

Armey and of an Act made in the fourth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of this

present Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when such Penny Post Office or Where fuclr

Offices shall be settled and established in such Cities, Towns, Suburbs, or Places adjacent, within the Officcstu-eetTa—

Kingdoms of Great Britain and Irelandy and the British Dominions in Americay as aforesaid, no Person or blish«i,no»er.

Persons whatsoever shall make any Collection of Letters or Packets in or near such City, Town, Suburbs,

or Places, where such Penny Post Office or Offices shall be established, without Licence or Leave of the without being

Post Matter General for the time being; upon Pain of incurring the Forfeitures and Penalties to be for*- dulyiicensed.

feited and paid by Persons collecting, receiving, carrying, recarrying, and delivering Letters, contrary to

the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of ner said late Majesty Queen Anney to be recovered in

Manner as by the said Act is directed, and with full Costs of Suit.

XIII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Letters and Packets Lettere,&c.

whatsoever, which shall or may be brought, by the Inland or Foreign Post, to the General Post Office in brought by the

London, directed to any Person or Persons at any Place or Places he vondthe Delivery of the Inland qj^ Inland or Fo-

foreign Departments of the General Post Office respectively, and within the Delivery of the said Office l^ndonOffice

tailed The PennyPo// Office, shall be conveyed and delivered by the said Penny. Post Office; and that it and directed be-

I

shall and may be lawful for any Messenger or Person, carrying or transtnitting such Letters or Packets, yondtheDcpart-

to demand and take for the Carriage and Delivery of the fame, one Penny, and no more, over and above mentof the Go—

the Rates of Pottage which shall have become due,. for the Port or Conveyance of TucK Letters or Packets nc.r?lPo?» ^ut

to the General Post Office.

within the De«

livery of the

Pfcnny Port, may be sent by the Penny Port, and charged accordingly.

f XIV. And whereas the Weight of Letters and Packets, sent or conveyed by the Carriage called The

4 Penny Pojly hath not yet been ascertained by any. Law or Statute: And whereas many heavy and bulky

Packets and Parcels are now sent and conveyed by such Carriage, which, by their Bulk and Weight,

4 greatly retard the speedy Delivery thereof;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That From anJ

from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred.and hxty-five, no letter. Packet, or

Parcel whatsoever, shall be forwarded, sent, or conveyed, by any Carriage called The Penny Post already ingVurOunct#

established, or hereafter to be established, if the Weight of such Letter, Packet, or Parcel, shall exceed Except those

the Weight of four Ounces, other than such Letters or Packets as have first come by Pott to the General sent by thcOei

Post Office, or shall be patting by the said Carriage called The Penny Pojly into the said General Deral *c*)

Post Office. SlCnvlo?

4 XV. And-whereas- by the said Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty y

4 Queen Anruy csrtain Rates are established for all Letters patting from London through the Spanijl) Nether-

4 landsy or the United’ Prcvinces, to Hamburgh (Post-paid to Antwerp or Amsterdam) and from Hamburgh

through the Sfanish Netherlands, or the United Provincesy unto London? be it enacted, That so much From 5 July*

of the said Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, as establifhes J?6s, thvfamc

the Rates 1 aft above-mentioned, shall, from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred Rates P«Jae*

and sixty-five, be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and the said Rates shall from thenceforth cease and London.

determine: And from and after the said filth Day of July, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said and Hamburgh*

Post Master General, and Jr Deputy or Deputies by Kim thereunto sufficiently authorized, to and for a« between

theUfeof his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Port and don and Ge«^

Conveyance of all Letters and Packets, sent or conveyed by the Port from London to Hamburghy or from many*

Hamburgh to London^ the lame Rates or Sums ,of Money, which, by the said Act made in the said Ninth

Year

