$5P C?. f> 2, 3, 4, 5. Anno octavo Gbough III. A.D. 1768,

NoriMttocx*cnd ^\* Prov, JeJ a » That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prohibit the Committee of Mer-

toTuth whe.tr, chants-trading to Africa from exporting, during the Continuance of this Act, any Quantity of Wheat

6?<r. c*poitcJ by Flour not exceeding Two hundred Quarters, or any Quantity of Bread or Biscuit not exceeding Fifteen

Com-Tons in the Whole of such Bread ornifeuit, or of such Bread and Biscuit together, to the British Forts,

^nVc^.i-'a^a^cs* an£* Factories, ,n Africa* for the Support of the Persons residing there \ so as the like Security be

c“itJ^QM?nrty given for the exporting thereof as is required by the said Act to be given by Persons carrying the said Com-

ofe.uh Soft,&c. modities to the British Colonies in America.

Security being sint given.

KoneofchcCom- V. Provided always and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt,

FlouV, Bread, Biscuit, or Starchy which shall be exported by virtue of this Act, shall be intitled to any of

eTto any Draw- the Bounties or Drawbacks which are allowed and made payable on the Exportation of such Commodities,

back. or any of them.

provision for a- VI. Provided nevertheless, That the said Continuation may be abridged orfliortened; and this

bridgtngtheCon- an(j the former Act, or both or either of them, or any Part thereof, may be altered and varied by any

tcrifi-Mhc £4 ol^cr or Acts to mat*e *n this present Session of Parliament.

Atl.°

CAP. II.

Stc9 Geo. III. An Act to continue several Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of

c* * Wheat, Wheat Flour, Barley, Barley Meal, Pulfc, Oats, Oatmeal, Rye, and Kye Meal, Duty freev

and also so rtiudh of an Act made in the same Session as relates to the free Importation of Rice from His

Majesty’s Colonies in North America \ and to allow the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour from

Africa, for a limited Time, free of Duty. EXP.

CAP III.

An Act for the free Importation of Indian Corn, or Maize, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies in Arnrua^

for a Time therein limited. EXP,

CAP. IV.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty-eight. EXP.

CAP. V.

s« 7g. hi. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Seventh Year of

«. 40.41, His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain^ amend, and reduce into One Ad

df Parliament, the several Statutes now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the

Publick Highways of this Kingdom \ and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

Preamble, reci-

ting a C la use and

Proviso inan Act

9t the bit Scf-

*oa.

*Thc recited

CUuie wid Pio-

tifo 1 e pealed.

Restrictions in

the recited Act,

C')i:c» rn.x»g the

Number of Hor-

ks, not to extend

to CoTri.tg.es

enij loynd in

Act 14 and 1

He . V 111 c. '6.

an! jfiHen.Vl II.

c 7. which were

repealed by the

€ \X/H EREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An

t W Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the everal Statutes now in being for the

1 Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways of this Kingdom, andforciher Purpo fes therein menti:ncd\

4 it is, among other Things, enacted and declared. That no Waggon, having the Wheels bound with

Streaks or Tire of a less Breath than Two Inches and a Half, when worn, or being set and fattened on with

4 Rose-headed Nails, shall go or be drawn with more than Three Horfls; and that every Owner or Driver

1 of any such Waggon shall forfeit End lofc all such Horses above the Number Three, with all Gears, Bridles,

Halters, and Accoutrements, to the foie Use and Benefit of any Person or Persons who shall seize or dif-

4 train the fame j with a Proviso next after the said Clause, containing particularRestrictions as therein men-

4 tioned: And whereas great Inconveniencies have arisen, and may arise, from the said Clause, which

4 require an immediate Remedy; therefore, for preventing thereof for the future,’ be it enacted by theking’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That as well the said

Clause as the said Proviso, and every Thing therein respectively contained, shall be, and the fame is and

are hereby repealed and made void to all Intents and Purposes.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act contained concern-

ing the Number of horses, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Carts, Waggons, or other

Carriages employed only in carrying any One Stone, Block of Marble, Cable Rope, Piece of Metal, or

Timber, or to such Ammunition or Artillery asshall be for His Majesty’s Service.

carrying any of the Particulars herein mentioned.

III. And whereas in and by the said Act, an Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth of King Hari

the Eighth, for altering Hijhvays in the JVeld of Kent; and an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of

the said King, intituled, A Bill for the Highways in the County of Suflcx, are repealed: And whereas

4 great Benefits have arisen to the Highways of the said Counties of Kent and SuJ/exy from the Exercise of

♦ 4 tfa«

4

