220

C. 32,

Anno.sexto Georgii III.

A* D. 1766.

c their Assigns, by virtue of such Order of Transfer, are declared to have a Property and Interest in the

4 Service of such Offenders, for such Terms of Years as is therein mentioned ; but, byan After Clause of

4 the aforesaid Statute, it is provided, that nothing in the said A# contained should extend, or be construed

4 to extend, to such Persons as should be convicted or attainted in that Part of Great Britain called Scot-

4 land, whereby the effectual Transportation of Offenders from that Part of the United Kingdom is often

4 disappointed, and the Colonies and Plantations to which such Offenders are transported, are exposed to

4 many Dangers and Inconveniencies, by having such Offenders set loose amongst them, without any Per-

4 son or Persons having a Property or Interest in their Service, whereby they may be restrained from com-

4 mitting new Crimes and Offences in the said Colonies and PlantationsFor Remedy whereof, be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

Coart in Scot- and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

land, proDoun- That whensoever and so often as any Sentence of Transportation shall be pronounced and awarded, by any

T^nforu*tion0f ^ourt *n Part of Great Britain called Scotland, against any Offender or Offenders, it {hall and may be

maymiake over lawful for such Court to convey, transfer, and make over, such Offender or Offenders, by Order of Court,

the Offender to to the Use of any Person or Persons who {hall contract for the Performance of such Transportation, to

the Use of the him and them, and their Heirs and Assigns, so as he or they, so contra#ing, may have a Property and In-

*•■"5" * terest in the Service of such Offenders, for such and the fame Term of Years as he or they might have had

of such Trans"” *n W an Order of any Court in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Persons do now stand convicted, or

hereafter {hall be convicted, of any Crimes or Offences whatsoever, by which Death by Law may Drought

to be infli#ed 3 and his Majesty, his Herrs or Successors, {hall be graciously pleased to extend his Royal

Mercy to such Offenders, upon the Condition of Transportation to any Part of America, and such Inten-

tion of Mercy be signified by one of his Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State 3 it {hall and may be lawful

to any Court in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, having proper Authority, to allow such Offend-

ers the Benefit of a Pardon under the Great Se^l, or under the Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to

be kept in Scotland in place of the Great Seal, and to order and direct the like Transferand Conveyance,

to any Person or Persons who will contract for the Performance of such Transportation, and to his or their,

Heirs and Assigns, of any such before mentioned Offenders, in the same Manner, and for the fame Term

of Years, as any Court in that Part of Great Britain called England might have ordered and directed in

the like Cafe 3 and such Person or Persons so contrafting as aforesaid, his or their Assigns, by virtue of such

Order of Transfer as aforesaid, {hall have the like Property and Interest in the Service of inch Offenders,

and for such Term of Years, as he or they would or might have had under the Ijke Order from any com-

petent Court in that Part of Great Britain called England.

4 III. And whereas the laws now in Force in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for preventing

4 Muirburn in forbidden Time, are found defective and ineffe#ual, whereby not only the Game, but also

4 many valuable Woods and Plantations have been destroyedFor Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That no Person. or Persons shall make Muirburn, or set Fire to any Heath or Muir,

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the last Day of March to the first Day of November in

any Year, under the Penalty of forty Shillings lawful Money of Great Britain for the nrft Offence, five

Pounds like Money for the second Offence, and ten Pounds like Money for the third and every other Of-

fence ; one Moiety of which Penalties Avail belong to the Procurator Fifcal, who {hall sue or prosecute for

the fame, and the other Moiety shall be at the Disposal of the Court before which the Offender or Of-

fenders shall be convi#ed, for such publick Uses, within the Parish where the Offence is committed, as

they shall think fit.

IV; And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Tenant, Possessor, or Occupier of the Ground,

upon which such Muirburn shall be made or discovered within the forbidden Time aforesaid, shall be

deemed and taken to be guilty of the Offence, and {hall be liable to the several Penalties aforesaid, unless

such Tenant, Possessor, or Occupier, shall prove, to the Satisfaction of the Court, that such Fire was com-

municated from some neighbouring Ground, or was raised upon his or her Ground by some other Perfort

not in his or her Service or Family.

V. Provided always. That no Person or Persons {hall be liable to any of the Penalties hereby enacted,

except for such Offence or Offences as shall be committed after the thirty-first Day of March) one thousand

(even hundred and sixty seven.

portation.

Persons convict-

ed of capital

Crimes, receiv-

ing the King’s

Pardon upon

Condition cf

Transportation,

the Court to al-

low the Offen-

der the Benefit

thereof, and or-

der a likeTranf-

Set to be made

of him to the

Cohtraftor, as

the Courts io

England may in

like Cafes.

Penalty on Per-

Ions making

Mliirbnrn, or

letting Fire to

any Heath or

Muir, between

31 March and

1 Nov, yearly.

Application of

thePenalties.

|n what Cafes

the Tenant or

Occupier is made

liable to the said

Penalties.

Penalty not to

take place but

for Offences

committed afrer

31 March, 1767.

Method of suing

for and Recovery

of the Penalties.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties aforesaid may be sued for

and recovered before any two or more Justices of the Peace, or before the Sheriff of the County where the

Offence shall be committed, subje# ta such Review as is- competent by the Law of Scotland in the like

Cafes*

CAP.

