A.D.. 1.766.

Anno sexto Georgii III.

C.

203

the fame? and no such foreign wrought Silks or Velvets shall be consumed or used in this Kingdom, or in

Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sarky or Mart, but shall be exported again to some Port or Place beyond the

Seas, and shall not be fold otherwise than on Condition to be exported as aforesaid; and such Silks and for which Sccu-

Velvets shall not be delivered out of the Warehouse or Place wherein the fame shall have been secured, rity » to bc

until sufficient Security be first given to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, which the Commil-

sioners of his Majesty’s Customs are hereby impowered and required to take, that the fame and every Part Goods wit of the

thereof shall be exported as aforesaid, and not landed again in any Part of Great Britain, or Jersey, Guernsey, :yan houfr.

Alderney, Sarkyox Man\ which, Securities shall be discharged without Fee or Reward, upon Certificate Certificate to be

returned under the Common Seal of the chief Magistrate in any Place or Places beyond the Seas, or under returned of-itich

the Hands and Seals of two known English Merchants at such Place, that the Goods were there landed, p^t^",cfor

or upon Proof by two credible Persons that such Goods were-taken by Enemies, or periihed in the Seas, th°Goods bring

the Examination and Proof thereof being hereby left to the Judgement of the said Commissioners; which uk-n?oi hivir.g

Commissioners are hereby impowered and requited, from time to time, to call upon the Person or Persons p-iiihed at Sea;

who have entered into such Security, to produce such Certificate or Proof as aforesaid; and in Default of clj,.rw:fc ,he

producing such Certificate, or Proof to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, such Securities to be put s tcuritie* arc to

in Suit and prosecuted, by Order of the said Commissioners, against the Person or Persons who shall so be put in Suit,

make Default, in such Manner as Offences of the like Kind are sued or prosecuted by any Law or Statute

of this Realm.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, R«ovfry.ar>d

by this Act imposed, shall and may be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or lnforma- Application #f

tion* in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record ^t Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, Forfeiture,

or in the Royal Courts of Jersey and Guernsey, or in any Courts to be holden in his Majesty *s Name, or

by virtue of his Authority, in the Isle of Man, respectively, where the Offence shall be committed, to-

gether with the Costs of Suit, in the Name of his Majesty’s Attorney General, or in the Name of his

Majesty’s Advocate in Scotland, or in the Name or Names of some Officer or Officers of the Customs;

wherein no Eflbin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be

allowed; and that one Moiety of every such Penalty and Forfeiture shall be to the Use of the King’s

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and the other Moiety tlrercof, to such Person or Persons who shall sue

or prosecute for the feme.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of the Customs shall officer neglect-

negjeft or refuse, for the Space of one Month after the Condemnation of such Goods, to prosecute to effect ins10 prosecute

any Person or Persons for any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture by this Act inflicted upon Offenders against fora"* ^ctcun1'

the fame; that then, and in every such Cafe, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to sue 0^*r p’rfon

for, prosecute, and recover, the respective pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, in like mly iUc for and

manner as i9 herein before directed with regard to the Officers of the Customs; and-one Moiety of the said recover the fame,

respective Forfeitures, when recovered, shall, in such Cafe, go and be applied to the Use of his Majesty,

his Heirs and.Successors; and the other Moiety, to the Person or Persons who shall sue or prosecute for the

fame respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such foreign wrought Silks or wher* tb«

Velvets shall be seized by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, and any Doubt or Question shall arise where SalVnot'be

the fame were manufactured, the Proof shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer of such Goods, or the Person proved°by the

prosecuted for being guilty of an Offence against this Act, and not upon the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, Owner, see.

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and in case no Proof shall be given and fully made to the Satisfaction of the Court to be manufac-

where such Suit or Prosecution shall be demending, that such Silks or Velvets were manufactured in Great *uredJn Crcit

Britain, then the fame shall, without any farther Proceeding, be taken and held to have been manufa<£tured ®"utral,^a)tlJCCIT1

out of Great Britain, and contrary to, and in Violation of, this Act; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the them of foie\n

contrary notwithstanding. Manufacture.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing in* this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to The Wearer of

inflict any Penalty on the Wearer of such foreign wrought Silks or Velvet, or other Work made thereof, such Goods, or

or the Owner of any Furniture made thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any °wner of/ur“

wife notwithstanding. . ZZC^

- liable to forfeit*

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Action, Bill, Plaint, or In-Costs to be ai-

formation, entered, filed, and prosecuted, for any pecuniary Penalty imposed by this Act, Costs shall be lowed in all Pro-

allowed, and attend the Event of such Suit or Prosecution on either Side; for which the Parties shall have fecut,?ns j?r

the like Remedy as in other Cafes where Costs are allowed to Plaintiffs or Defendants. "

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Suit or Prosecution for Recovery proof, where

of the pecuniary Penalties imposed by this Act, the Proof where the Goods were manufactured shall lie the Goods were

upon the Person prosecuted, and not upon the Prosecutor; and in case the Goods, on account of which such manuiaaured.

Suit or Prosecution shall be commenced, shall have been condemned incourse of Law, when such Suit or c roiecuted^

Prosecution for the pecuniary Penalty is brought to Trial, the Judgement of such Condemnation shall be judgement* of*

admitted and allowed to be given as Evidence, that such Goods, so seized and condemned, were not manu- Condemnation

faftured in Great Britain, so as to intitle the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, in such Suit or Prosecution, to recover of the Good*

the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed; and the Proof of such Judgement of Condemnation to be fu*c *nt to ‘n*fc

made, given, and allowed, in such and the like Manner, as Proof of Judgements in any of his Majesty’s [o/to iwom?1*

Courts of Record at Westminster, in other Cafe% are usually made, given, and allowed, in any of the said

Courts, and not otherwise; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

D d 2

