The TITLES of the STATUTES.

102. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of

H'i I Ham HoJkinSy Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of

Surrey and Kent, in Trustees, to be>fold, for discharging

Money due upon a Mortgage of his Estate in Kent,

called Jiethenden Farm, and other Debts and Incum-

brances, and for settling said Estate called Hethenden

Farm so dilincumbcred, to and for the Uses and Pur-

poles therein mentioned.

loAn Act for Sale of divers Messuages, Farms, Lands,

and Tenements, in the County of Essex, intailed by

the Will of Doctor John Bamber, deceased ; and for*

laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Pur-

chafe of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled,

in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

ic 4- An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments,

• in the Counties of Sussex, Surrey, and Kent, Part of the

settled Estate of John thicker, Esquire, in him, his Heirs,

Executors, and Administrators, and for settling the

Manor of Knepp, alias Knapp, and divers Lands and

Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex, being the Estate

of the said John JVicker, of greater Value, in lieu

thereof.

io?. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of

I Villi am Poyntz, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for

discharging the Incumbrances affecting the fame ; and

for applying the Remainder of the Money thereby

raised, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and

Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses to which the

laid Estates flood settled ; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

loo. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Susanna

Dozvding, Widow, in the Counties of Kent and Sussex,

in Trustees, to be sold ; and for securing the Monies,

to be paid for the fame, upon the Tru’fts, and for the

Purposes in the Act mentioned.

107. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of Ground,

called Broyie Park, within the Manor of Ringmer, in

the County of Sussex.

108. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

.Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com-

monable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Seam-

blcjby, in the County of Lincoln.

109. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the

Whole Year Lands and Pasture Ground, Half Year

Inclosures, Commoh Fields, and Common or Heath

Ground, in the Parish of Sherborn, in the County of

Norfolk.

*10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Failures, and

Commons within the Manor and Lordship or Parish of

Great Oxendon, in the County of Northampton.

I11. An Act for inclosing a Piece ofWafte Ground, in

the Borough and Township of Kirkby in Kendal, for the

Benefit of the Poor; and for cleansing and enlightening

the Streets of the said Town ; and for confirming a

Rule or Order of Assize, and Order of the High Court

of Chancery, relating to the Rates and Assessments to

be raised for Relief of the Poor, by the Inhabitants of

the said Township, and the Owners of Lands called the

Park and Castle Lands.

ai2. An Act for dividing a certain Fen, called The Haute

Huntre, Eight Hundred, or Holland Fen, and certain

other Commonable Places adjoining thereto, in the

Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln,

«13- An Act to amend, and render more effectual, so

much of an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the

Reign of his iate Majesty, as relates to the draining and

1

working certain Coal Mines, in the Manor of Wilnecote%

in the County of IVarwick.

114. An Act to enable Joseph Copley, Esquire, ("lately

called Joseph Moyle) and his Issue, to take, use, and bear,

the Surname and Arms of Copley,.pursuant to the Will

of Lionel Copley, Esquire, dece >fed.

11?. An Act for naturalizing Henry Hayman.

116. An Act for vcfting Part of the Estates of George Duke

of Saint Albans, in Trustees for raising Money to pay

Debts ; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

117. An Act for naturalizing Sophia Magdalen Lamack,

an Infant.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 8 Georg it III.

1. AN Act to continue and amend an Act made in the lad

J \ SessionofParliament, to prohibit, fora limited Time,

the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour,

Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of

Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat F^>ur.

2. An Act to continue several Acts made in the last Sef-

fion of Parliament, for allowing the Importation of

Wheat, Wheat Flour, Barley, Barley Meal, Pulse,

Oats, Oatmeal, Rye, and Rye-meal Duty-free; and

also so much of an Act made in the last Session as re-

lates to the free Importation of Rice from his Majesty’s

Colonies in North America ; and to allow the Impor-

tation of Wheat and Wheat Flour from Africa, for a

limited Time, free of Duty.

3. An Act for the free Importation of Indian Corn, or

Maize, from any of his Majesty’s Colonies in Americay

for a Time therein limited.

4. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty

certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the service of the Year one thousand seven hundred

and sixty-eight.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

an Act passed in the seventh Year of his present Ma-

jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and

. reduce into one All of Parliament, the several Statutes now

in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the Pub-

' lick Highways of this Kingdom; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

6. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments with-

in the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further

Time for that Purpose ; and to indemnify Members and

Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns,

whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped ac-

cording to Law, or, having been stamped, have been

lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide

Admissions duly stamped.

7. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

8. An Act for granting ah Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight.

9. An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the fifth

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and

Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time ; and for allow-

ing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and

Butter, from the British) Dominions in America, for a

limited Time.

10. An Act to enable his Majesty to license a Playhouse

in the City of Bath.

ii. Act

E.ooooie

