520 C. io.

t

Ajino.nono.CJfiqRGU UI. A.D. '1769*

€ jmnvlTbner*

Dfa:h or

Rrfir.il, uhers

to be c he Te n.

CommWTioners

r.ot to itt if in-

teierted.

First Meeting

of Cominiiljon-

<tJnal:,hntion of

Comimilioners,

Penalty on a£R

int» if not quali-

fied.

c cannot be effebted without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be

4 enacted ; rncP be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That the Honourable Augustus Keppel Esquire, R chard Tcnfon Esquire, the

Mayor and Justice of the Borough of New Jlfindfrr, and the Under Steward of the said Borough for the

Time being; the Reverend 'John B'flock, D. D. the Reverend Pilgrim, Henry Ifhervuood, Owen

Saluflury Brcrcton Esquire, 'join Chejhyre Esquire, Samuel Waller, James Straker, Francis Pigott hfquircs;

llilliar.i Bidle M. D. Rickard jcpi.jon Esquire, Richard Grape Esquire, Charles Eldridge, Elliot Salter9

Thomas Pcpplcion, George Aylet, I Villi m Kimber, Charles Ballard, George Hatch, Nicholas Trcvanion, .the

Reverend Thomas Walker, Major Bcijragon, Charles Hedges, Esquire, Alexander Schomberg Esquire, ihc

Reverend John Hand, Thomas Rutter Esquire, Fredrick Thackeray M. D. Humphry Hackfiavj

Esquire, James Rojfec Esquire, Daniel Highmore Esquire, Edmund JVbinfield, Henry Jjlervjood junior,

Air ah am Sharratt, William Charjley, John Wiliiamjon, William Tyrrell, George Bryer, William PearJcn,

'John Spencer, join Snowden, Henry Coombes, Richard Seaward, Richard Pinnock, John Carr, John Davie,

John Simes, John Willi ms, John Penning, Richard Bradbury, Robert Style, John Norton, Sir Edward

if abolc Knight of the Bath, Sir Thomas Reeve Knight, Charles Bowles Esquire, Richard Neville Esquire,

At ihnr Van fat art Esquire, Richard Mead Esquire, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein af-

tcrnicntioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution ;

and when any of the Commissioners herein named, or hereafter to be elected, shall die or refuse to act, it

shall and may be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them,

at any Meeting, to elect a fit Person or Persons to supply the Place or Places of him or them so dying or re-

fusing to act ; and all Persons who shall be so elected are hereby veiled with the fame Powers for putting

this Act in Execution as the Persons in whose Stead they shall be elected were veiled w’th.

II, Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no'Person shall be capable of adtingas a Commis-

fionerin the Execution of this Act, during the Time he shall hold any Office of Profit, or have any Share

or Interest in any Contract relating to the Execution of any of the rowers of this Act.

III, And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall meet

on the Ahnday Sevennight next after the Day of the Palling of this Act, between the Hours of Ten and

Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, at the Guildhall within the said Borough ; and fhxll, from Time

to Time, afterwards meet upon the First Monday in every Month at the Guildhall aforesaid, with the Con-

tent of the Mayor for the Time being, or at fuen other Place or Places within the said Parish and Borough

as they the said Commissioners, or any,Five or more' of them, shall think proper; and shall and may ad-

journ themselveS, and meet at any other Time or Place within the said Panlb and Borough as the said Com-

missioners, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint, for putting this Act in Execution \ and the said

Commissioners shall at all their Meetings pay their own Expences,

IV, And be it further enacted. That no rerfon shall be qualified or capable of acting as a Commissioner

in the Execution of this Act (except the Mayor and Justice of the Peace and Under steward for the said

Borough for the Time being) unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of His Wife, in the actual

Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear

yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount or Value of One thou-

sand five hundred Pounds : And if any Person (except the Mayor and Justice of the Peace and Under

Steward for the said Borough for the Time being) shall act as a Commissioner for putting this Act, or any

of the Powers herein contained, in Execution, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof; every such

Person shall, for every such OfFence, forfeit arid pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or

Person3 who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty’s Colrrts of Record by Action

of Debt, or on the-Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, *or Information ; wherein no Lfloin, Protection, or Wager of

Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed ; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is

so qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of

the Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this

Act.

GqmrrvlWets V. And be it farther enabled. That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and

ir.av appoint of* rr.ay appoint One or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, of the Monies to be raised by

ficers» virtue and for the Purposes of this Act 5 and* also One Or more Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other

Officer or Officers, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them* shall think necessary for the

due Execution of this Act: And the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall take Secu-

•tid remove rity for the due Execution of their respective Offices as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of

them. them, fh 11 think proper ; and shall and may, fiom Time to Time, remove any or either of such Officers

or other Persons, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed or shall die : And

0,Ticmto*c f>tr^on or Persons as is or are hereby made liable to pay the several Rates or Sums of Money hereby

•oumupono*th» 5rantc^ shall pay the fame to such Person or Persons as shall, from Time to Time, by the said Commii-

iioners, or any Five or more of them, be appointed to collect and receive the same: And all such Officers

and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid shall, unclbr their Hands, at all Times when the said Commis-

ftoners, or any Five or more of them, shall direct, deliver to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more

of them, a true and perfect Account in Writing, to be fairly entered in a Book to be kept for that Pur-

pose, of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also of all the

Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers received by virtue and for the Purposes of this

3 Act,

u.

