A. D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. G. 31, 32, 33, 34, 35. 71

the said Isle of Man shall be added to and included in the Bond, which is now by Law required to be given eluded in the

upon the Exportation of such Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, or Flour, to Parts beyond the Seas. on^Exporufion^

cf Corn, &c. to Parti beyond the £eaw

XII- Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to prejudice Rights of th«

such Right and Privileges as arc given to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the E*n India Com-

East Indies, by the Charter granted by his late Majesty King William the Third, in the tenth Year of his panjr refcrvcd*

Reign, otherways than is herein before contained.

XIII- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com- Limitation* ©T

menced against any Person or Persons for any thin£ done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or De- AOion*.

fendants, in such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter General Iffis*.

in .Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done in pursuance, and by the*

Authority of this Act : And if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defend-

ant or Defendants : And if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant'

or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against

the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy* for the Treble Coflu-

fame, as Defendants have in other Cafes by Law.

cap. xxxr.

An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon Wheat and Wheat Flour imported ; and also* ’

the Bounty payable on the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat Flour. EXP.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to enable his Majesty, with the Advice of hrs Privy Council, to prohibit the Exportation of'Wheat,

Wheaten Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, during the next Kecefs of Parliament, at such Time,

and in such Manner, ?.s the Necessity of the Time may require, and he, in his Wisdom, shall think con->

venient and needful. EXP.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty *s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this &*6C7«.3,r.!8.

present Session of Parliament*, intituled, An Atl for punishing Mutiny and Desertiony and for the better Pay*

merit of the Army and their Quarters* EXP.

c a p. xxxiv;

An Act for applying the Money granted in this Section of Parliament, for defrayingthe Charge of the Pay Sec farther

and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain, called England, for one Year, beginning the * G^*

twenty-fifth Day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and for punishing Militia Men Geo.*3! c. 3*

for neglecting their Duty. EXP. 5 g*>.3. c.36^.

6 Geo. 3. c. 30. 7 Geo. 3. c 15,17. 8 Geo. 3. c. so. 9 Geo. 3. c. 40,44.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain'Duties on the Exportation of Coals ; and of feve- \

* ral East India Goods; and upon Policies of Aflbrance for retaining, upon the Exportation.

♦ of White Callicoes and Mullins, a further Part of the Duties paid on the Importation

thereof; and for obviating a Doubt with respect to Stamp Duties-imposed upon Deeds, by

two former Acts.

Mof Gracious Sovcreigny

WHEREAS by an Act made in this Section of Parliament, certain Annuities are granted in respect 5 GV*. 3.' e. 40*

of several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and charged upon the Fund commonly called SeebCto* 3*

* Tire Sinking Fund: We your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain

^ in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Payment of the said Annuities so charged on the said.

Fund, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money,

4 herein after mentioned; and do most: humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enabled;. and be it*:

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual Frbm

and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefert Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That from and after the first Day of Tuncy one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, there shall beraised, following addi-

ievied, collected, and paid, unto his K-Iajesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Chaldron of Coals, New- tionai Duties are*

€a/Ue Measure, which shall be shipped for Exportation to any Part beyond the Seas, except to Ireland, the tom take place*

Hie of Many or th t British Dominions in A meric a y an additional Duty of Four Shillings, and after that G*^rso'npcnral|

Kate for any greater or less Quantity, over and above the present Duties now payable for the fame; which co*ii ftfppedVor-

said additional Duty hereby granted, shill be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and Exportation to

under such Restrictions. Penalties, and Forfeitures, and by such Rules, Ways, and Methods, as the former Parts be>ond

D uties payable to His Majesty, upon the Exportation of Coals, are raised, levied, collected, and paid, as s«>^cept to

fully, ana to atl Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and ^Mar^and Bri-

Forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present ti/KDominion*

Act. in America

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day *1- r*rCent.ad :

tf Junt) there shall beraised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and Vaiorcnroa all-

6 upon

