ing ihe Vice Pre-

fitleatF, Trea-

fu'er. Commit-

tee. and other

OiH;ers, &c.

Pov.-rr of the

General Court

«o entrr into

C mralU \

an! ta manage

andtrmfaft all

Bu fine is, See,

^59? C. 31. Annp nono Gborgm IH. A.D. 1769.

Places as the Court {ball think necessary for the due Execution of this AS; and a General Court of the

r ofrener if nr- said Governors shall be held four Times at the lead ip every Year, that is to say. On the lad JVedncfdaj

teiDij. in July^ the last JVedntfiluy in October, the last Wednesday m January, and the last Wednesday in Afrit,

Annual General or 0ptener^ jf 0ccafl:m foa 11. require, upon Notice thereof given by the Order of any hive or more

ourt or t^c said Governors, by publishing the fame in any One of the Public News Papers, Five Days at

lead before the holding every such Court; and a General Court shall be held in the Month of April in

every Year, a like Notice whereof shall be given; at which Court the Vice Presidents, Treasurer,

Committee, (confiding of such Number of Governors as such General Court shall think necessary)

and the Officers and Servants of the said Hospital, shall be elected for"the ensuing Year; and the said

Governors, assembled at any General Court as aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority in the -

Name of the said Corporation, and on their Account, to enter into such Contrails as the Governors,

or any Nine cr more of them then present, {hall think proper; and to do, manage, transact, and de-

termine, all such Matters and Things as shall to them, or any Nine or more of them, at any such Court*

appear to be necefizry or proper for the e fleet ing and carrying on the good Purposes of this Act; and'

{hall and may dele ate such Powers and Authorities to the said Committee as they shall think necessary*

and delegare pro- for the more easy, speedy, and effectual Execution of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and

per Powets to for the said Governors, in a General Court assembled only. to order and dispose of the Custody of the

Commute:*; said Common Seal, and the Ufc and Application thereof; and to make, ordain, and constitute, fjch

a'r ofc °of anc^ many Bye-laws, Constitutions, and Ordinances, as to them shall seem necessary and convenient,

U e°of the Com- ^>r ^le buter governing, regulating, ordering, and managing, of the said Hospital, and of the Officers,

xnon Seal; Servants, and Persons, employed in and about the Affairs of the said Hospital, and of the Persons ap-

and to make plying to be admitted therein, and for the auditing of the Accounts of the said Hospital; and the fame

Bye Uwi. bye-laws, Constitutions, and Ordinances, so made, to put in Ufc accordingly; and at their Will and

and to revoked Pleasure torevoke, change, and alter the fame, or any of them; which said Bye-laws, Constitutions,

altcrthe iame. arid Ordinances, so as aforesaid made, shall be duly kept and observed; provided that the said Bye-

laws, Constitutions, and Ordinances, be not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, Customs, or Laws of

this Kingdom.

Ko Bye law to IVrTrovided nevertheless. That no such Bye-law, Rule, Order* or Ordinance, shall be binding,

be binding, unicfa or have.any. Force or Efted* until the fame foall have been agreed to and confirmed by the next succeed-

confirmed by a ing General Court, whpthtjr Annual, Quarterly, or Extraoidinary; and that the lame Methods shall

in Cwur8observed in altering or repealing any such Bye laws. Rules, Orders, or Ordinances.

iuakmofaPre- V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, rFhat in case of the Death or Resignation of the Pre-

h lent, vice Prc- fident, or of a Vice President or Treasurer, of the said Corporation: it shall and may be lawful to and

tident, or Trea- for the said Governors, or any Nine or more of them, at any General Court, to nominate and appoint a

row, in the President, Vice President, or Treufurer, in the Room of the President* Vice President, or Treasurer, so

deceased, orhavin* resigned* . ;

jign. ' VI, And be it further enacted, That all Questions upon the Proceedings of the said Corporation, at any

au Qo«ftionf at General Court or Committee, {hall be decided by Vote; and, in case of an Equality of Voices, the Pre-

a General Court fident or Chairman shall have the casting Vote,; and upon Demand of any Five Members or Governors

tl}e (a^ Corporation present at such General Court or Committee respectively, the fame {hall be de^

Vote; uiiieii7 termined by Ballot, to be immediately proceeded upon and completed.

Vite Memhcit demand a Ballot, and then it ii.to be determined accordingly.

General Court VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Governors, or any Nine of more of them, at a General

impowrred to «p- Court, {hall have Power, from Time to Time, and at all Times, to appoint such other Officers and Per-

fccTaalhall ^on5 as they think necessary to employ for the Purposes, and in the Execution, of this Act; and,

U judged ne«ef- from Time to Time, to suspena or remove all such Officers and other Persons, or any or either of them,

lary5 as they {hall think fit, and appoint others in case of Death, or- such Suspension or Removal; and may*

x to temore or out Monies to be received for the Pnrpofefe of this Act, make such Allowances to such Officers

fafpend them; and other Persons for their Services, as to the said Governors, or any Nine or more of them, at a Gene-

»d allow them *al Court, {hall seem reasonable; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee so to be

mfo»4bk s«li* appointed as aforesaid, or any Five or more of them, at any Weekly or other Meeting, to suspend or

remove any such Officers ana other Persons, and to appoint others in case of Death, or such Sufpen-

Committee, at fion or Removal, until a General Court {hall be held; and the said Governors, or any Nine or more of

their Weekly or them, at a General Court, {hall and may confirm such Appointments, or may remove such Officers of

ImmeKeTto*9* ot^r Persons, and appoint others in their Room, as they shall think fit; and all and every such Officers

iWpendof re- and other Persons shall, from Time to Time (when thereunto required by the said Committee, or any

move officer*, Five or more of them) make and render to the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, a true,

Sec. and appoint exact, and perfect Account in Writing under their refoedive Hands, upon Oath, to be taken before

ral*C©«xt*b«e" ^wo or more of the said Committee (which Oath any Two of the said Committee are hereby impowered

held. 001 to administer) of all Monies which he, she, or they, and every of them respectively, {hall to that Time

Officer*to ac- ^avc received, paid, and difourfed, by virtue of this Act, or by reason of their respective Offices; and

coun/opo^Otih, in case any Money so received shall remain in their or any of their Hands, the fame shall be paid to the

ice. wkea re- said Committee, or any Five or more of them, or to fuen Person or Persons as they shall appoint to re-

quired^ ceive the fame; and in case any such Officer or other Person (fiall not make and render, or shall refuse to

and making Dc- verify upon Oath any such Account, or to make such Payment as aforesaid, then any One or more Juf-

iaait therein, tice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey shall make Enquiry of and concerning such Detault

1 in

