196 C. 24.

Anno lexto Georgii III.

A. D. 1766.

Securities may

be transferred.

No Preference

to be given in

borrowing

Money.

Monies raised,

vested in the

Commissionerr,

to be applied for

the Purposes of

this A

Tolls may be

apportioned.

Ixpence* of paf-

fpf this Act to

be first paid.

Balance of

Money in Hand,

at Receiver’s

Death, to be

paid by his Exe-

cutors, Si c.

Penalties may

be out'gated.

and Conveyances shall be entered in a Book or Eooks to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Trea*

surer to the said Commissioners; and all and every Per ion and Persons, to whom any such Assignment

shall be made as aforesaid, is and are hereby impowered from time to time, by Alignment under his, her,

, or their Hand or Hands, to be indorsed on the Back of his, her, or their Security, or by any other

Wiiting or Writings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, which shall be executed

in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses, to assign over or transfer his, her, or their Right to

the Principal and Interest-money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whoinfoever; all which

Assignments and Transfers shall be produced and notified to the Paid Clerk orTreasurer, within thirty

Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry to be made of such Alignments, containing the

Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned and transferred, in.

the said Kook or Books to be kept for entering the said original Alignments ; and which said Book or

Books shall and may, at all feasonable Times, be perused and inspected without any Fee or Reward;,

and after such Entry made, such Alignment or Transfer shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, and their

Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, to the Benefiuthereof and Payment thereon ; and such Assignee

may in like Manner align and transfer again, and so teties qu ties; and it shall not be in the Power of

any Person who shall have made such Alignment or Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the

fame, or any Monies thereon due.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Preference shall be given to

any Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, in respect to

the Priority of advancing such Sum or Sums ; but that all Persons, to whom any Mortgages or Align-

ments shall be made as aforesaid, shall, in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned, be Creditors

in equal Degree one with another.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies raised or collected

by virtue of this Act, as and upon Account or Credit of the said Tolls, shall be, and the fame are hereby

verted in the said Corrrmissioners at Large or in General; and the Money to be raised by all other Means,

under the Authority of this Act shall be, and the fame are hereby verted in the said Commissioners withifr

the respective Divisions where such Monies shall arise; and all Monies raised or collected by Virtue of

this Act, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and to and. for no other LJfe or Purpose

whatsoever.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That two third

Parts of the Money arising by the said Tolls, and of the Money to be borrowed upon the Credit thereof,

shall be applied towards paving the several Streets and other Carriage Ways within the Western Division;

and the remaining one third Part, shall be applied towards paving the several Streets and other Carriage

Ways within the Eastern Division ; but if at any Time, when the Pavement of the several Streets, and

other Places hereby directed to be paved within either of the said Divisions, shall be compleated, and there

shall remain any Overplus of the said Monies appropriated to that Division, the fame shall be paid over

to the Commissioners having the Care of the other Division, if the Pavements of the Streets and other

Places within such la ft-mentioned Division, are not compleated, to be applied towards compleating the

Pavement of the Streets and other Places hereby directed to be paved within such Division.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges

and Expences of procuring and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the first Monies which shall be

raised by virtue of this Act.

LXXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Receiver or Receivers (half

happen to die before he or they shall have fully £>aid and satisfied all the Money by him or them received

by virtue of this Act ; then* and in every such Cafe, the Executors or Administrators, Executrix or Ad-

miniftratrix, or other legal Representative or Representativcs, or Person or Persons pofiefling the late

Estate and Effects of every such Receiver or Receivers, shall, out of such Estate or Effects, pay the

Treasureror Treasurers for the time being under this Act, all such Sums of Money by such Receiver or

Receivers so received, and not paid, or so much thereof as the said Estate or Effects will extend to pay;

and the Receipt of five or more of the said Commissioners shall be a good Discharge for such Money;,

and every Executor or Administrator, or other Person as aforesaid, may, to any Action or Suit com-

menced or brought against him, her, or them, plead or give in Evidence the Payment of the fame, and

(lull be allowed Payment of the fame out of such Estate or Effects : And in case of Nonpayment of the

fame, by the Space of twenty-one Days after the fame shall be demanded, it (Full and may be lawful to

and for the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, and he or they is and are hereby directed and

required, in his or their own Name or Names, to commence and bring one or more Action or Actions in

any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at WeslmirjJlery against such Executors or Administrators, or other

Person or Persons as aforesaid. for the Recovery of the fame.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to compound and agree

with any Person or Persons against whom the said Commissioners, or any five or more of the n, shall bring,

or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, for any Penalty or Penalties contained in

any Contract or Contracts already entered into, or hereafter to be entered into, on account of any Breach

or Non peiformance of any such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they, or

any five or more of them, shall think proper; and also to mitigate, compound, or lessen, any other the

Forfeitures incurred under this Act;so as the Sum so compounded and agreed for be not lets than the

Iajury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract or Contracts, and all

the

