A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii HI. C. 37; 241

Rule, make good the Defers and Irregularities complained of, and render the building of such House or

Houses conformable to the Direction of the said recited Act; and that such Defendant or Defendants shall

moreover pay such Cods as the said Court {hall diced and award and also it shall and may be lawful to

and for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Information or Informations as aforesaid is

or are now depending, and such Justice and Justices of the Peace are hereby required, authorized, and im-

powered, on the Application of any first Owner, Head Builder, or Woikman, against whom such Infor-

mation or Informations {hall be given and laid, to accept and receive such Agreement to make good the

Defects and Irregularities complained of, and to render the buildings of such Houses conformable to the

Directions of the said recited Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in every such Cafe, it {hall and may be lawful for, and such Court ^nrorm#

and Justices of the Peace is and are hereby required,.authorized, and impowered, on such first Owner,

Head Builder, or Workman, making appear to them respectively, that the Defects and Irregularities com- Act, U*°ndthe

plained of are made good, and the Building of such House or Houses rendered conformable to the Direc- DefJa* com-

tion of the said recited Act, according to his or their Agreement entered into for that Purpose, to indemni- pl*ined of being

fy, free, and discharge, every such Defendant and Defendants, of, from, and against, all Penalties and s00*1*

Forfeitures incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of not having originally built such Party Walls, pur- £om

suant to the Directions of the said Act, or for or by reason of any other Defect or Irregularity, whereby Peaaitie*,

such Houses are otherwise built, than pinfuant to Rich Directions; any Thing in the £aid Act contained to

the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always. That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, {hall not extend, or be construed Thia

to extend, to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgement {hall have been given in any Action ofdemnifi«tion of

Debt, Bill, PJaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts df Record, for any Penalty incurred t>y person«, again*

having neglected to make such Party Walls, or, ill any other Respect, to build such Houses pursuant to whom final

the Directions of the said Act of the fourth Year of his present Majesty. ju<%enwnth»«

already been

given,

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Head Builder or Matter From and aftet

Bricklayer {hall, from and after the first Day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and (ixtyfix, erect dr Jun*»

build, or cause to be erected and built, any House or Houses.within the said City or Liberty of Westminster^ aaint coo-

and the Parishes, Precincts, and Limits aforesaid, contrary to the Directions of the said recited Act, or oftnry to the DU

this present Act; then every such Head Builder or Matter Bricklayer {hall not only pay the Penalties regions of the

whereof he or they {hall be convicted, but also shall, within the Space of six Months next after his or their former or present

being convicted of such Offerice in manner by the fard recited Act prescribed, make good all such Defects *re mtdd

and irregularities whereof he or they {hall have been so convicted, and render the building of such House Jo the Pena hie*

or Houses conformable to the Directions of the said recited Act, or of this present Act: And in case such incurred, but t«

Head Builder or Matter Bricklayer, {hall not, within six Months after fuen Conviction, have made good puke good the

such Defects and Irregularities, and rendered the building of such Houses conformable to the Directions of Dcfea* *nd ,r*

the said recited Act, or of this present Act; then, every such Head Builder, Matter Bricklayer, or Work-"*^11*61

man, {hall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be applied as aforesaid, and to be likewise levied and reco-£ ^.

vered in Manner as by the said recited Act is directed, and so toties quoties, for every six Months that such «nd if they e*.

Defects arid Irregularities {hall continue, and such House or Houses remain built otherwise than conform- f«ed a limited

able to the Directions of the said recited Act, or of this present Act. Time info doing,

they forfeit more-

over 501. &c.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Woikman or Servant to Rich Workman tak-

Head Builder or Matter Bricklayer, shall wilfully, carelessly, or negligently* and without the Direction, Io*acontra*y to

Privity, or Consent of such Head Builder or Matter Bricklayer, do any thing toward the building of such the Direttiomof

House or Houses, contrary to the Directions of the said recited Act, or of this present Act, every such the recited or

Workman or Servant so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be paid Prcrcnt

to the Informer; and if the fame shall not be paid immediately upon his being convicted of such Offencefcrfcil# S1*

before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peaee for the said County of Middlesex^ or for the City and

Liberty of Westminster^ upon the Oath of one or more credible Wimefs or Witnesses (which Oath such

Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to administer) or upon his own Confession; then the Of- and of not forth*

fender {hall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, be committed to the House wilh Paid* hc

of Correction, for the Space of three Months, without Bail or Mainprize, unless the said Penalty shall be

fboner paid. or 3 on s.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action {hall be brought, or Limitation*

Suit commenced, or Information given to any of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County A^,on*anJ

of Middlesex, or City or Liberty of JVcfiminJier, against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done by any

first Owner, Head Builder, or Head Workman, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Owersaad

Acts passed in the sixth and seventh Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the eleventh Builder*.

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the fourth Year of the Reign of his pre*

sent Majesty, on of this Act, such Action, Suit, or Information shall be laid or brought within three

Months next after thcFaft done,.and not afterwards.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought, or Suit Limitauvn of

commenced, against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in purfunnee of the said recited Act of the Atfionsigiinft

fourth Year of his present Majesty, or of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought within fix ^eia

Months next after the Fast done, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in the County of Place pUJfu^Ce°oT

where the Fast was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may act 4Ceg. 3.

Vol. X. Ii , plead c. 14.

Digi led by

