A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. C. 59. 431'

And for every Ell of Foreign Linen, commonly called Dutch-Barras9 and Hefftn-Canvas, which shall be

imported into Great Britain, the Sum of one Halfpenny.

And after those Rates forany greater or less Quantity of such Goods respectively, over and above all other

Duties imposed thereon by any former Act or Acts of Parliament.

IU And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of on Fo . n

August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, all Foreign Lawns, imported into Great Britain, mall Lawns, which

be rated and entered as Silefta Lawns, and shall pay Duty accordingly; and that from and after the said first are to be entered.

Day of Augujly one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, there shall also be raised, levied, collected, and pay Duty, at

and paid, s lcfu Lawn*

For every Yard of Foreign Lawn bleached in Hollandf commonly called Holland-whited Lawn, which on Hoiland-

shall be imported into Great Britain, the Sum of one Penny. whhed Lawn*

And after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity, over and above all other Duties imposed thereon by

any former Act or Acts of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties, granted by this Act, shall

be paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Allowance; and shall be raised, levied, collected, ^houe

and paid, in the tewne Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penal- Discount;

ties and Forfeitures, as are prescribed and appointed for raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the former »nd to be levied, *'

Duties, upon the like Goods imported into this Kingdom, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, &c* as tbc for*

as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and For- mcrDutJflf«

feitures, respectively relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this pre-

sent Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes Dutytobcrepiid

where any Goods or Merchandizes that have paid the Duties hereby granted shall, at any Time or Times, be on Exportation

again exported by any Merchant or Merchants within three Years from the Importation thereof, the of the

Duty by this Act granted, and which shall have been actually paid for such Goods or Merchandizes, G0^'Jhhia

shall, without Delay or Reward, be repaid unto such Merchant or Merchants who shall export the fame; ^ree Yean?

under the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are prescribed and directed

by any Act or Acts of Parliament with respect to any former Drawback upon such Goods.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar the Money arising by the several Rates Money ari fag

and Doeief herein before granted (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, recovering, and by these Dutipi

paying* the fame) shall, from time to time, be respectively paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exche- tobc P3ld aPart

quer distinftly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue; and that a Sum not exceeding . Exch®“*

fifteen thousand Pounds per A?inum, arising from the said Duties, shall be kept apart in the said Receipt, as a anda Sum there-.

Fund for the Encouragement of raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom, in such Way and out, not exceed-*

Manner as Parliament shall hereafter direct; and that the Remainder of the said several Duties shall be >ng 15,0001.

reserved in the said Receipt for the future Disposition of Parliament. kepfas^uad*'

for encouraging the raising and dressing Hemp and Flax. Remainder to be referred for Disposition of Parliament*

CAP. LIX.

An Act for restraining and prohibiting the Governor, Council, and House of Representatives,

of the Province or New Torky until Provision shall have been made for furnishing the

King’s Troops with all the Necessaries required by Law, from passing or afienting to any

Act of Assembly, Vote, or Resolution, for any other Purpose.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, Preamble,rei

intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majestys Dominions in America, an Act cuing Act? 5

4 passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punifning Mutiny and Desertion, and for Gco‘ 3* Cf 33*

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; wherein several Directions were given, and Rules

and Regulations established and appointed, for the supplying his Majesty’s Troops, in the British Do-

4 minions in America, with such Necessaries as are in the said Act mentioned during the Continuance

thereof, from the twenty-fourth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, until the

4 twenty-fourth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven: And whereas the House

4 of Representatives of his Majesty’s Province of New York in America have, in direct Disobedience of

the Authority of the British Legislature, refused to make Provision for supplying the Necessaries and in

the Manner required by the said Act; and an Act of Assembly hath been passed, within the said Pro-

4 vince, for furnishing the Barracks in the Cities of New York and Albany with Firewood and Candles,

and the other Necessaries therein mentioned, for his Majesty’s Forces, inconsistent with the Provisions,

and in Opposition to the Directions, or the said Act of Parliament: And whereas by an Act made in

the last Session, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his Mayfly s Dominions in Ame- $ Gcq. 3, c. i?;:

4 rica, an Act passed in this present Srjjton of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Defer-

lion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, the like Directions, Rules, and Re-

1 4 gulations.

