A. D. 1765.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

C. 43. 103

• or other Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland \ Power* *nd Pro-

be it therefore declared and enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, j^a^d

Provisions, and Directions, enaited by the said last recited Clause, shall and m3y, from and after the Jre<1 ciaufcTco

fifth Day of 'July* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, be used, practised, applied, and put in Exe- bt put in

cution, against all and every Person or Persons who shall commit any Offence or Offences against any Act Execution *-

or Adtsot Parliament concerning the Duties of Excile, or any other Duties under the Management of the

r« fj>eCtive Commissioners of Excile in England and Scotland for the time being, in as full and effectual 'ini?n®

M. nner, as if the said Powers, Authorities, Provisions, and Directions, had b*en enacted in the Body of any Arts con-

each rclprctive Act; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. cemingthe

4 XXVII. And whereas the Laws already made to prevent the clandestine importing and landing of Duties of Excise.

4 fotcion Brandy, Rum, Strong Waters, or other Spirits, in final 1 Vessels, which hover upon the Qoafts of

4 this Kingdom, have been found infuflacient for that Purpose;’ be it further enacted by the Authority afore- w,vre fore*cn

laid. T hat from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if any foreign ^fou'hr^n'ro^n

Br.ndy, Arraclc, Rum, Strong Waters, or Spirits of any Kind whatsoever, (h ill be imported or brought pr5°rV^of

from any Part of Europe ; or from and after the first Day of December, one- thousand I'even hundred and Err/ininvert'd*

fixrv-hve, shall be imported or brought from any Part of AJia, Afr ica* or America, into Great Britain, or 1,0 Tons

into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, of the Burthen of one Bu*then> of

hundred Tons, or under (except only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such are

Ship, Vessel, or Boat, not exceeding two Gallons for every such Seaman) every such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, liable to^foifei-

with all her Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, and also all such Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Strong Waters, turc, together

or Spirits, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost; and shall and may be seized, prosecute I, con- lhcVdlcl,

demned, and disposed of in the same Manner as other forfeited Goods and Ships or Veil’.U, not exceeding

firry Tons Burthen, are directed to be seized, prosecuteJ, condemned, and dispofcJ of, by an Act made in " 9

the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act for the further Improvement of goo<U anJ Vcf-

4 h is Majesty’s Revenue of Customs ; and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures ; and for the fJ; under 50

* Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of his Majesty’S Dominions.’ Tens Burthca

may by Act 3

Geo, 3.

XXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That^rom and after the fifth No Geneva or

Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no foreign Spirits called Geneva, and that from Rmi may be

and after the hrft Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Rum shall be imported or*i in less

or brought into Great Britain, in any Vessel or Cufk which shall not contain sixty Gallons at the least (exj- 60 Gallor*

ccpting ordy for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board-the Ship or Veiled in which the fame

shall be imported, not exceeding two Gallons for each Seaman) on Forfeiture thereof; to be seized, pro- ^crFc^.twc

secured, ard divided, in the Manner herein before mentioned.

XXIX. Provided always. That in case it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners except British

of his Majesty’s Customs in England or Scotland respectively, that any Rum, being the Produce or Manu- made Rum iro.n

facture of any of his fylajesty s Dominions in America, shall be imported directly from thence in (mail Calks, ^cTdircCt-

without Fraud or Conccilment, cither for the Use of the Master in the Voy‘age, or for the private Use of iyVrTmthence/

Merchants or Traders so importing the fame, or dengned as Pielcnts, and not by way ot Merchandize ; that and dtfaned (or

then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and maybe lawful for the said respetftive Com mi dinners, if they prlvat; use,

think proper, to admit such Rum to an Entry, and cause the Duties thereof to be accepred instead'of the wl,ch maX

Forfeiture thereof before mentioned ; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwiihitanding,. EnTrv^and to

, pay ihc Outic*.

4 XXX. And whereas great Quantities of Brandy, Rum, and other Spirits, are cF.ndc frrnely run on where Spirits of

4 Shore in Great Britain* from small Vessels which are cleared outwards from Ireland, m dir the Pretence anX dull

4 of being deltmcd with such Goods to foreign Parrs ;* to prevent which Practices for the future, be it en~ tJrfa'Vor E°r'V-

acteJ by tnc Authority aforesaid, That from end after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred J,7on fr^m*ircl

and sixty-five, if any Bran :y. Rum, Strong Waters, or Spirits of any Kind whatsoever, (lull be entered land in Vessel*

or flopped for Exportation fiom the Kingdom of Ireland, to any Port or Place not within the same King-under iod Tod*

dom, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, under the Burthen of one hundred Tons, except only for the Use H,rthrn»

of the Seamen then belonging to anti on board such Ship or Vessel, not exceeding two Gallons for each

such Seaman ; every such Ship cr Veiled, with all her Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, and also all such fjjzc/^d^rc

Brandy, Rum, Strong Waters, or Spirits, shall be forfeited, anti shall and may be fe’zcd by any Officer dccUrrd to be

or Officers of the Revenue in Ireland, and prosecuted, tried, determined, and disposed of, in such and ioifcited,

the iike Manner as any Forfeiture incurred by the Laws now in force in the said Kingdom of Ireland,

aga.r.il the running or intending to run Goods inro that Kingdom, may, by any Act or Acts of Parliament

cow in force in that Kingdom, be prosecuteJ, tried, determined, and disposed of.

4 XXXI. And whereas Tobacco, Rum, and other Goods, are shipped for Exportation to the Iflunds of NoDrawbxfkor

4 Fary or Ferro, being Part of the Dominions of the King of Denmark, with no other Intent than frau- Bounty to be

4 (Fdcntly to reland the fame on the Coast of Great Britain or Ireland\ which Practices, if not picvcnted, ,0*c‘l for 2r,Y

4 wftl greatly dimimfh his Majesty’s Revenues of Customs, and be very prejudicial to the fair Traders ^omG*ca?Bri-

For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Drawback or Boon y tjn or pcLna^

shall be adowed for any Goods whatsoever, which, from and alter the fifih Day of July, one thoi.fqpd to the of

fi“vcn hundred and sixty-five next, shall be exported from Great Britain or Ireland, to the said Blanks of I>0; n r Cuck-

Va'o or Ferro; nor fh fil any Cockct or Clearance be granted for the exporting to the said hlvnds any el *r,ol*“1 ,or

(Jor»ds which arc prohibited to be worn or used either in Great Britain or Ireland3 any Law, Custom, or hXled Gwd*

Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. thuher.

XXXII. And

