608 C. 32.

Anno tiono Georgii III,

A.D. 1769.

Comm'ffioner*

Commissioners

may Ieafe chc

T oils.

Ex?rrpt:on9

Aioni Toll.

thousand Pounds /hafl have been actually subscribed for the Purposes of this A&J any Thing in this Act

contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

m»y iciion the for the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, at a Meeting to be called for that Puipoft,

loUs. whereof Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in some Public Newspaper, and also fixed on the Turn-

pike-gates aforesaid, from Time to Time, as they shall fee Occasion, to lessen and reduce the Tolls^

Kates, and Assessments, by this Act granted, and afterwards ra;fe and augment the fame again, so as not

to exceed the Sums hereby granted; and such Tolls, Rates, and Assessments, so lessened and reduced,

shall and may be collected and levied in such Manner, and applied for such Purposes only, as the Tolls,

Rates, and Assessments hereby granted are directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any

Fifteen or more of them,* at any Meeting, may, and are hereby impowered, upon Fourteen Days No-

tice being givert in the London Gazette, and in some other publick Newspaper circulated within the

said Parimcs, to icafc or farm by the Year the Tolls by this Act granted* or any Part or Parts thereof, to

any Per son or Per foils, at or for the hrgeft yearly Sums that can be got for the fame; provided that such

Lettings or Agreements be made in Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons taking or farming any

such Tolls, and by the Comn ifiioners that let the fame, and be not made for more than Three Year* at a

Time; and that the Money that shall be so agreed to be paid for the said Tolls, shall be made payable,

and shall be paid to the said Commissioners by Quarterly Payments; and*that the Personfor Persons to

whom the fame shall be so let shall always pay down One Qyarter’s Payment in Advance: And if any

Letting or Agreement for the Lid Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be made, or any Default

shall be made in paying the Money agreed to be paid, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, then every

such Letting and Agreement shall be void, and the Person or Persons to whom the said Tolls shall be lo

let shall be liable to account for the fame, and to be levied and recovered upon and of him or them, in

the same Manner as is' by this Act directed for the accounting for other Monies by the Collectors or Re-

ceivers thereof, and for the levying and recovering the fame.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That no Tolls shall be demanded or taken at any Turnpike, erefled

by virtue of this Act, for any Carriage laden or carrying Dung, or other Manure used for cultivating Dr

manuring of Lands or Grounds; or for any Post-horle or Vehicle carrying the Mail or Packet; or for

the Horses of any Officers or Soldiers passing on their March, or Carriages carrying their Baggage; or

for Carriages travelling with Vagrants or Transports; or for any Carriage fetching Water at or from any

Pump or Well placed or to be placed in any of the Streets or Lanes aforesaid; or from any Person on

Horseback going to or returning from any Elections for a Knight of the Shire for the said County of Kent,

or Citizen for the said City o fRcchester.

XXXVIII. Provided always. That if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any the Exemp-

tions aforesaid, not being intitled to the faruc, such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shil-*

lings for every Offence.

aXXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Person* shall forcibly

or wilfully go or pass with any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage through any Turnpike whereat any

Toll is by virtue of this Act to be paid, without paying such'Toll, or producing a Note or Ticket as

aforesaid at such Turnpike; pr shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to, or receive from any

other Person or Persons any Note or Ticket, with an Intent to avoid the Payment of any or either of the

said Tolts, or ahy Part thereof; every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay

the Sum of Forty Shillings, over and be fid es such Damages and Puniflftntnts as they and every of them

respectively are liable to by Law; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Receivers and Collectors, and

for every of them, and all other Persons by them required to assist in that respect, to seize any Ho le or

Horses, Cattle or Goods belonging to, or in the Possession of, or under the Care of any Person or Per-

fons so offending in the Premises, and the fame to take before any Justice of the Peace of the County or

Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, and before him to make Complaint of such Of-

fence or Offences; and such Justice may and is hereby required to inquire into the fame, as well by Exa-

mination of die Party or Parties as by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witttefles upon Oath

(which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to administer without Fee ot Reward) and if the said Inf-

tice shall fee Cause, to convict the Party or Parties complained of in the Penalty aforesaid; and for Non-

payment thereof, and of the Tolls that shall be due (although the fame shall not be demanded) by War-

rant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the said Horse or Horses, Cattle, or Goods to be sold for Payment

of the said Tolls and Penalties, and the Charges of seizing and keeping the fame and of such Sale, ren-

dering the Overplus (if any there shall be) to the Owner or Owners of the said Horse or Horses, Cattle, or

Goods, or to the Person or Persons under whose Care, or in whose Possession they respectively were when

so seized as aforesaid; and if no such Seizure as aforesaid can or shall be made, then the aforesaid Penalty

and Tolls shall be levied and recovered by such Means, and applied in such Manner, as is hereinafter

made and provided for the levying and recovering and Application of Penalties and Forfeitures.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioiters, or any Fif-

UDayborrowMo' teen or more of them, at any Meeting, may, and arc hereby impowered to borrow, and to take up at Inte-

i't) on the Crc rest, any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Rates^ Assessments, and Tolls, payable by

ct the Tolls, virtue of this Act, and to assign over the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, by any Writing or Writ-

. ings under their Hands and Seals i the Charges of such Assignments and Conveyances to be paid out

of

Penalty on

inalcing illegal

Claims.

Penalty on evad

ing the Tolls.

Commissioners

- by

