A

TABLE

OF THE

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACXS of the -fifth, ii*th, seventh, eighth, ninth*

and tenth Year? iof the Iteign of Ge or g,e III.

' - \ .' '

^p.^i «'7.»u i1 i.i...ii! r——tt riini..,'.ty ■r,“-r —

■P tJ B :L I C K A C T S.

Anno 5. Georgiillh j

Jk N Act for Importation of Saltfd Boffj PorkJ

Bacofi, Md Butter,; from Ireland* for. a limited,

A dk Time.

£ An Act for coatipuing apd granting to his

certain Duties upon MaJt, Mum# Cyder, apd Perry,

for the Service of the Year one thoufajpd fev^n hundred

:*fld iixtyrfive. . . i

3. An Act for extending the timegranted by an Act passed

in the third Year of the Reign of his present, Msuefty*

for allowing his. Majesty’s Subjects to import their

Goods and Effects, beingi the Produce of certain Places,

ceded to France, and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace*

upon Payment of the fame Duties as they would have

been haole to if the fame Places had remained in his

Majesty’s Poflejlion.

4h An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for. Offices and Employments; and

to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants,

Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to

register or deliver in their Qualifications within . the

!Time limited by Law, and for,giving (further Time for

those Purposes.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax to be raised jn Great* Britain, for the Service of

<he Year onethqufand seven hundred and sixtyrfive.

6. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while,on Shore.

7. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

8. An Act for the more easy.and speedy Recovery of

Small Debts. within the Hundreds of Bladheath, of

JBrmby and Beckenham, of RoicJty, otherwise Ruxleyt

and of Little and Lejfnefs, in the County of Kent.

9. An Act, for the mote cafy and foeedy Recovery of

Small Debts, within the Hundreds of Gbippenljam, Caine9

and Dofiarbam North, and Lord&ip or Liberty of Cor*

Jbam> ip thei County of IVilts.

10. An . Act ,to permit the free Importation of Cattle from

Ireland.

11. An fAft for rendering more effectual an Act made

in’tfye,twelfth Year of the Reign jof her late Majesty

Queen Anne, intituled, An Art Alto providing a publick

Reward for such Petfon or Per fom* arr /hall discover the

Longitude at Sea, with regard *0 the making Experi-

ments of Proposals made for discovering the Longitude. v

, 1*. An Act for granting and applying certain Stamp Du-

ties, and other Duties, in the British Colonies and

Plantations in America, towards further defraying the

Expences of defending, protefting, and securing the

fame;, and.for.amending such Parts of the several Act*

of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of

the said Colonies apd Plantations, as direct the Manner

of determining and recovering the Penalties and For-

.teitures therein mentioned.

13. An Act for impowering the Commissioners for put-

ting in Execution the several Acts passed for Paving,

Cleansing, and Lighting, . the Squares, Streets, and

Lanes, within the City and Liberty of IVcJhninJler, and

Parts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls on Sundays, upon

the several Roads therein mentioned, and apply the

lame for the Purposes of the said Acts.

14. An Act for the more efteftual Preservation of Fish

in Fish Ponds and other Waters; and Conies in War-

rens; and for preventing the Damage done to Sea

Banks,‘within the County of Lincoln-, by the breeding

Conies therein.

a a 15. An

