A. D. 1767. Anno feptimo Georgii III. C, 42. 351

Horses; and that no Cart, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of nine Waggon* and

Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than five Horses, respectively, upon such Highways ; under the Carts *re

Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitutes, herein after mentioned (that is to say) that the Owner or Driver on the"0

such Waggon or Cart respectively, fh.il! forfeit and lose all the Horses above the Number hereby so respec- H.ghw^ys.

lively limited as aforesaid, with all Gears, Bridles, Halters, and Accoutrements, to the foie Use and All fupem’ume-

Benefit of any Person or Persons who shall seize or distrain the fame. wr Horses are

to be forfeited,

together with their Gears, See.

XXXIX. And be it further ena£led. That no Waggon, having the Wheels bound with Streaks or Wag eons /hod

Tire of a less Breadth than two Inches and an half when worn, or being set or fastened on with Rofc- xirei” ©7 Trt

headed Nails, shall go or be drawn with more than three Horses; and that every Owner or Driver of any withR0fc head,

such Waggon shall forfeit and lose all such Horses above the Number of three, with all Gears, Bridles, ed N.iils, not to

Halters, and Accoutrements, to the Cole Use and Benefit of any Person or Persons who shall seize or be drawn by

diitiain the lame. I"0'*lhan 3

Hoif % on for-

feiture of the supernumerary Horse*, Stc. Repealed by 8 Geo. 3. c. 5. § 1.

XL. Provided also, That the Regulations herein before-mentioned, concerning the Number of Horses Carriages e*-

and Wheels of Carriages, shall not be deemed or construed to extend to Carts, Waggons, or other Car- cepted out of

liases, employed only in carrying any one Stone, Block of Marble, or Piece of Metal or Timber; or to th* a^ovc

such Ammunition or Artillery as shall be for his Majesty’s Service; nor shall be deemed or construed to gu aUons‘

extend to Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, employed only in Husbandry, or manuring of Land ; or

in carrying of only Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Com unthrcflied, till Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred

and sixty-nine.

XLl Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared. That any Person or Persons who fh ill Rules to beob.

make any Seizure or Distrcfs, for any of the Forfeitures or Penalties hereby incurred, shall deliver the J^d w‘lh re*

Horse or Horses, or other Things, so seized or distrained, into the Custody of the Constable, Headborough, cfT

Tythingtnan, or foroe other Officer of the Parish, Township, or Place, where such Distress or Seizure is ^ade forF<*frU

made, or of the next Parish, Township, or Place (who are hereby required to receive into their Custody, tures or Pol-

and safely to keep the fame) till the Person or Persons who made such Distrcfs or Seizure shall make tic* incurred*

Proof upon Oath, before some Justice of the Peace, of the Offence committed, which he and they is and

are hereby required to make within fix Days after such Seizure or Distrcfs; or, in Default thereof, such

Horse or other Thing shall be delivered to the Owner thereof, and the Person making Fuch Seizure shall

pay such reasonable Charges to the Constable or other Officer for the keeping and securing thereof, as

the said Justice or Justices shall allow and direct; and the said Justice or Justices, before whom such

Proof is made, are hereby required to ilTuo their Precept to such Constable Or o her Officer, immediately

to deliver the Horse or Horses, or other Things, so forfeited, to the Party or Parties who seized or dil-

trained the fame, to and for his and their foie Use and Benefit; paying such reasonable Charges for keeping

and securing thereof, as the fail Justice or Justices shall allow and direct: And every Person making

Seizure of any such Horse or other Thing, ami not profecucing such Seizure within the Time and in

Manner aforesaid, shall forfeit to the Ownar of such Horse or other Thing the Sum of forty Shillings for

every such Seizure.

XLII. And, for the better Discovery of Offenders against this present A'/T, be it enacted, That the AM Wac?o^f

Owner of every Waggon, Wain, or Curt, shall place, write, or p int, or cause to be placet, written, or

painted, upon ibme combSruo is. part of his Wa?gon, W tin, or Cut, before lie or the ill a] I use or drive q v, r

the fame upon any Pubiick Highway, lm or her Christian and Surname, and the i i.ice of his or her and Pi2fe

Abode, in large h gibie Letters, tnj continue the fame thereupon lo long as such Waggon or Cart shall of Atxx'c, paint*

be used upon any such Hghway: And if any Peilun or Persons shall neglect the I ime, or place, write, nn con-

or print, or cautc to be pi iced, written, or ptirted, any Life or fictitious Name or Place of Abode, on such fP caot,s r,t

\V Warn, or Cart ; he or flic shall forfeit, for every such Off nee, th? Sum of twenty Shillings. 1 ir r< ’,n ‘ bC

4 XLIII. Ami uhcicas many had Accidents happen, and great MifchicL arc frequently done, u^on the of aos.

c Streets and Highways, by the Negligence or wilful Mdbchwiour of Persons driving Carriages thereon

be it therefore Luther tn.rcted, Thru if the Driver of any Cart, Car, Dray, or Waggon, shall ride upon ThcDrivrof

any such Carriage in any Street or Highway, not having fume o’hcr Person on Foot or on Uorfchack to a\y C-m o. Dray

gi»dc cite 1 .line* (nuh Carriages as ; re re.p *£iivily draw n by one Hoise only, or by two Hot fes abreast,

and ;re con h.;ud by ft me Per'on holding the Keins of such Horse or Horses, excepted) or if the Driver

c>f any Cartt ige wlutlorvjr, < n any Pa t of any .Street or Highway, fh ill, by Negligence or wilful Mif-having iVire

t* Saviour, ci.u'e any Hurt or Damage to any Pe:i<m or C arriage puffing or being upon such Street or i»Crf»n on Foot

Ilghway; »*r (i *11, determined by Negbgenc<>r wilhd M ifN-haviour, prevent, hinder, or interrupt, the fiec Pal-or on HoHeback.

I^ge of ;.uy oih-r C arriage, or of I L Majesty’s Stjbjcit';, on the find Highways ; or if the Driver of any ^r7^,drg^e>

empty or m.h ;,dr i i\ .iggon, Cart, o* e ther Canu.e, CHI rc’tifc or i.eg’eet to urn aside, *«:nd make way

for, any CNnH, Cnar.o:, Ciui'c, leaded Wage'll. Cart, or older !o »ded Caniagr; any Inch Driver of- j)m'rr otdtJy

fend’nj m '’'V <a th • C f.s aSireiaid. an.i Itirg ronvi:*rd of such ( hrence, eifiu r by h»s own Coil'cffinn, carriage, *ho»

or by tn; (H'h of one or crevhble WitneJs or Wi:nef:-s, b -fore any Juili e o1 the Pc

Co niy, P.i’ir', Liwii.-n, C' rv, C nr«)oration, Precin:t, or Libert;, where Inch ()ffc nee, shad b.

fi;i-|i, i ir e.ny tuch Cv.'rtute, forfeit any Sutrt no: on.ccuitig ten Sindmgs, in case iu~h onyi r rbi] u(t, Po<; n%

dl r .< it be the Ovner o* Inch Carriage ; an<1, in case the Offender be the Ovvnei of Inch C.uri.ge, then ur Onugc* in

*^:iy ^um iu: extreiding twenty Shihings; cr Ihidl be comuuiud to the House ot Correction for any Time p-uh..*, o.

,-aee for tbckvNcglueiceor

com- MljVhawiovir^

. . ■ or

h Drivi r,

DOt

