A. Dt 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III, c. 42; 353

of the Turifdiftton of the Justice or Justices hereby authorised to grant such Warrant; it shall and may 'Va£radnt may bc

be lawful for. any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, wherein such Person °AgAcurn y

shall inhabit; and every such Justice is hereby required, upon Request to him for that Purpose made, and jt!li ce, *

upon a true Copy of the Conviction whereby such Forfeiture or Penalty was incurred, or of the Order andiDiftr*franj

for the Payment of fitch Costs or Charges produced and proved by a credible Witness upon Oath, by s.ite made

Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Penalty or Forfeiture mentioned in such Conviction, or cordially

the Costs or Charges mentioned in such Order, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chat-

tels of such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable or ordered to pay the fame respectively, as

foresaid; and if no sufficient Distress can be had, to commit such Offender or Offenders, or Person or and forint of

Persons liable as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such County, Riding, Division, ^ten-

or Place, for the Time and in Manner aforesaid. ^rttt^,bccom’

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Prosecutor or Informer may, at his Election, sue for p{!,u^*esorpsr.

ml recover any Forfeiture or Penalty imposed by this Act, either in the Manner herein before directed, fe tu'C$ rray be

or by Action at Law, to be brought by such Informer or Prosecutor in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Re- faed for b> the

cord in Manner following; (that is to say) Where any Person shall be liable to such pecuniary Penalty, J^fccurr.r or

it shall and may be lawful to sue for and recover the fame by Action of Debt in which it shall be fufH-

cient to declare, that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of forediretfrd, or

being forfeited by an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present by A d ion of

Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Sta- Debt, wtere the

tutes nowin being for the Amendment and Preservation of the Publick Highways of this Kingdom, Fen.alry‘s *Pe-

€ and for other Purposes therein mentioned and where the Penalty or Forfeiture is or shall bc of any or by a ft ion of

Horse or other Goods, by an Action of Trover against the Person liable to such Penalty or Forfeiture, in Trover, where

which the Forfeiture shall bc sufficient Evidence of Property to the Plaintiff'; and in which the Value of the Penalty or

such Horse or other Goods, as is or are liable to the Forfeiture, shall be given in Damages, without any Forfeiture is a

Proof of Seizure or Demand; and the Plaintiff, if he recover in any such Action, shall have Double

Costs: Provided that there shall not be more than one Recovery for the fame Offence; and that ten Days in*

Notice, in Writing, be given to the Party offending, previous to the Commencement of such Action; and titled to Double

that the fame bc brought and commenced within one Calendar Month after the Offence, for which such Coils.

Action is brought, shall have been committed.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Conviction shall be had or made by virtue No Conviftio*

of this Act, unless upon Confession of the Party accused, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Wit- to bch>ad» b^t

ne(3 or Witnesses; and that any Inhabitant of any PariQi, Township, or Place, in which any Offence of°th^pauv or

shall be committed contrary to this Act, shall be deemed a competent Witness, notwithstanding his or her oath of» Wit.

being an Inhabitant of such Parish, Township, or Place. nef*.

Inhabitants deemed competent Witnessct.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace Justice*impour.

to administer an Oath to any Witness or Witnesses, or other Person or Persons, for the better DiTcovery'rcd to *dnn.in:*

and Execution of the several Matters or Things hereinbefore authorised or directed to be examined, in- cTfes VeUtive to

quired into, or performed, by such Justice or Justices respectively. the Execution of

this Act.

LT. And bc it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money Distress for

to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not bc deemed unlawful; nor the Party or J*oneyno*

Parties making the same be deemed a Trcfpaffer or Trespassers, on account of any Default or Want of forD«>

Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Tref-fauu of i-orm i*

passer or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall bc afterwards done by the Party the Proceedings*

or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, may recover full SatiF nor

faction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Cafe. making u# c

0 Trcfpjiicr *9

initio, on account of any subsequent irregularity. '

LII. Provided always. That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any Irregularity, Plaimiffm any

Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of Action for irre-

the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Trespass, Eulanty,&c. rw.t

or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought: And in case no such Tender shall have been made, T^e'Ai* e C

it shall and maybe lawful for the Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Amend! hasten

Action shall depend, at any Time before Iffuc joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or m.'dc before

they shall fee fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders and Judgement, shall bc had, made, and given, Action brou^hr.

in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court. Defendant *1-

. lowed to p y

Money Into Court before Issue joined,

LIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved P«rfrns r.ggrov#

by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been cd» uhcre no

already appointed; or if any Person shall, at any Time hereafter, think himself or herself injured by the

inclosing of any common Highway, after a Writ of Ad quod Damnum iflhcd, and Inquisition thereupon p0;ntrd,<or>in-

tuken; then, in any of the said Cafes, every such Peilon may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any jure d by them-

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, cU»fipp >nyco«i-

Precinct, or Liberty, wherein the Cause of such Complaint shall arise, and within four Months alter the

Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, or alter the inclosingof such common Highway as aforesaid; Ih^Gaicul1*

Vol. X. Z z such

