A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. C. 33. 505

fling in and for the said County or Place (which Warrant the said Justices are hereby authorised and re-

quired to grant) to enter into any Place within their respective jurisdictions; or, out of the Limits there-

of, such Warrant being first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate in the County, City, or Liber-

ty, where the Distress is to be made; and todistrain the Good9 and Chattels of such Person or Persons so

neglecting or refuting, and the fame to fell, rendering the Overplus (if any such shall be} upon Demand,

to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges and Expences of such

Distress and Sale.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in thisAgreement be-

Afl contained shall be deemed or taken to make void any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, between ^e^aa”d*or4

Landlord and Tenant, touching or concerning the paving, lighting, or cleansing, the said Streets and Uchinghe

Lanes, or any Part of them, or either of them 5 but that every Person who is now, by virtue of any such Paving. &c. not

Contract or Agreement, obliged to pave or keep in Repair any Part of the said Streets or Lanes, or any vacated,

of them, shall, in lieu thereof, be obliged to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made and assessed, or so

much thereof as shall by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, be deemed just and rca-

sonable, according to the true Meaning of such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, for and during such

Time as such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement shall remain in Force: And in case any Dispute shall

trife concerning such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more

of them, shall have Power, and they are hereby required to hear and finally determine the fame.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Part or Parts of the P*v«*n*nts l»V-

Pavements of the said Streets or Lanes hath or have been accustomed or ought to be paved and repaired b*c to

by any particular Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politick or Corporate, and not by the Owners or Occupiers^ *0a^r;/n^

. of the Houses or other Buildings adjoining to the Pavement of the said Streets and Lancs respectively; Pa,r*ed 2t their

the fame shall be paved and repaired at the Expence of the respective Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politick Bxpence by the

or Corporate, by the Pavioror Paviors contracting with, or employed by, the said Commissioners. Commiinonae

XLV. Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five ororVhcrc’omm»r-

more of them, from TimetoTime, to compound and agree forth- fame, with any Parish or Parishes, orfironers

Bodies Politick or Corporate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or other Measure, as the said compound with

Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think reasonable. such Pari&ei.

XLV I. And whereas the Money to be collected by the said Rate will not be fufEci:nt for the Pur- tflees «nay

poses of this Act be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners underc,c^a Turnpike

this Act, or any Five or more of them, or such Person ana Persons as they shall nominate and appoint forind tjkc ToAi*

thatPurpose, mall and may. and they are hereby authorised and impowered to cred and let up, or cause

to be erected and set up, a Gate or Turnpike, in, upon, and across, the said High Street called Holywell

Street^ between the South Side of Shoreditch Church, and the North Side of the Road leading to Bethnal

Green; and also toered or provide a Toll-house, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five

or more of them, shall think proper; and to receive and take the Sum of One Halfpenny, before any

Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, whether drawing or not drawing, shall be permitted to pass through such

Gate or Turnpike, which shall be demanded and taken as a Toll or Duty; and the Money so to be re-

ceived and collected, shall be vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

XLVII. Provided always. That no Person having paid the said Toll, for any Horse, Marc, Gelding, Tt,ns to be p*U

or Mule, and producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment thereof, (which Note or Ticket the but Once a Day.

CoKedor of the said Tells is hereby required to give gratis upon Receipt of the said Tolls) shall be liable

to pay the fame Toll again, for the fame Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the same Day, to be computed

from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and Tclli may bt

for such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall, from Time to,fV,rd h> Dirtrek

Time, nominate and appoint to demand and take the said Tolls hereby granted and made payable, to levy and ^lc*

the fame upon any Person or Persons who shall, after Demand made thereof, neglect or refuse to pay the

fame, by Distress of any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, upon which such Tolls are by this Act im-

posed, or by DistrTs of any other of the Goods or Chattels of such Person or Persons who ought to pay

the fame, and to detain and keep the said Cattle, Goods, or Chattels, until such Tolls, with the reasona-

ble Charges of dill raining and keeping the fame, shall be paid; and it shall and mny be lawful to and for

It^n Ptrlon or Persons so distrainine, after^the Space of Five Days next after such Distress so t; ken, to fell he

^be Horlc, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, or Goods, so distrained, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Dc- fold after 5

mand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall

be d( <! JCKd.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall forcibly

or v.iitully evade the Payment of the Toll by this Act granted, by riding or driving any Horse,

J.Lme. Gelding, or Mule, through the said Gate or'Turnpike, without paying such Toll; such Person

Ibali, for every such Ostence, foifcitand pay the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be recovered, levied, and

1 pled, a> any Penalty or Forfeiture is by this Act directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

L. 4 Ar d whereas there are certain Ways or Pafi'ages called New Inn Yard, King John's C fh's

4 A. y an 1 Dirty Lane, all leading into Holywell Street aforesaid, by passing through which, the Payment

# or tncToll hereby granted may be evaded, and the Purposes of this Act fru ft rated \ be it therefore fur-

ther cnafttd by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or mere of them, shall

Levy fit'l Power and Authority to ered any Gate or Gates in or across any or all the said Passages or Places

Vvl. X Tit called

Penalty on>v*.

dm^ the Toils,

ComfnifPcnfrs

ni.) erect G.ite*

aert'is

<v.w Irn Tutdt

King J l r.'t

Cojitf Cujh* r

A ~<y> and DirtJ

Lar.c%

