The TITLES of the STATUTES.

3$. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned,

relating to the clandestine Running of uncustomed

Goods, and preventing Frauds idating to the Cuff ms;

to prevent the clandvrtinc Running of Goods, and the

Danger of Infection thereby; to the granting Liberty to

carry Rice from his Majeiiv’s P.ovinces of Carolina and

Georgia, in America, diiecily to any Part of Europe

Southward of Cape Fini/lerre, in Ships built anJ navi-

gated according to Law; and to the prohibiting the

Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and fiiftccm-

posed, written, and printed, in Great Britain.

36. An Act to continue so much of an Act made in the

thirty-third Year of the Reign of hrs late Majesty, as

relates to the free Importation of* Cochineal and Intlico ;

and for allowing the Bounties granted by any Acts of

Parliament now in being upon the Exportation of Corn

and Malt declared or made for E xportation, and Barley

flceped and entered at the Excise Office to be made into

Malt for Exportation, before a limited Time.

37. An Act for completing the Bridge cross the River

Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of London, to

the opposite Side in the County of Su ry, and the

Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeeming

the Tolls on the said Bridge, and on London Bridge ;

for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate in the said City ;

for repairing the Royal Exchange within the same; for

embanking Part of the North Side of the said River,

within certain Limits; and for further continuing, to-

wards those Purposes, the Imposition of six Pence per

Chaldron, or Ton, of Coals and Culm imported into

the Port of the said City, established by an Act of the

filth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and

Queen Mary, and also for carrying on the new Pave-

ments in the City and Liberties of Westminster, and

Parishes adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of

Southwark; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

38. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act

made in the eighth Year of the Reign of King Gf.orge

the Second, for Encouragement of the Arts of Design-

ing, Engraving, and Etching, Historical and ocher Prints;

and lor vesting in, and securing to, Jane Hogarth, Wi-

dow, the Property in certain Prints.

39. An Act for <he better Regulation of the Parish Poor

Children, of the several Parishes therein mentioned,

within the Bills of Mortality.

40. An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Ad

of Parliament, the general Law's now in being for re-

gulating the Turnpike Road* of this Kingdom; and for

other Purposes therein mentioned.

41. An Act to enable his Majdfy to put the Customs, and

other Duties, in the British Dominions in America, and

the Execution of ih^ Laws relating to Trade there,

under the Man; gement of Commiffoners to be ap-

pointed for that Purpose, and to be rdidcut in the said

Dominions.

42. An Act to expl iin, amend, and reduce into one Ad

of Pari nt, the several Statutes now in being for

the Amendment anil Preservation of the Public High-

ways ol this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein

mention? d.

4;. An Act to amrnd and enforce the Acts of the eigh-

teenth, twenty-fird, and thirty-fivond Years of the

]<c:gn of his l. te Majesty King Geo; gh the Second,

for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Impor-

tation and \Vcaring of Cambricks and French Lnv/ns.

44. An Act for altering the Stamp Duties up< n Policies

of A durance; and for reducing the Allowance to he

m^de in respect of the Prompt Payment ol the Sump

Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, arid other

ExciseabD L;q_uors; and for explaining and amend-

ing fevers! Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney

Coaches and Chairs.

45. An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade

and Manufadurcs of the Ijlc of Alan; and lor the more

easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain

Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Fiour,

authorized by an Act made in this Session to be trans-

ported to the said Island.

46. An Act for granting certain Duties in the British

Colonies and Plantations in America; for allowing a

Drawback of thr Duties of Cultcms upon the Expor-

tion, from this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts

of the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations;

for discontinuing the Drawbacks payable on China

Earthen Ware exported to America; and for more cilac-

tually preventing the clandcstine Running of Goods in

the said Colonies and Plantations.

47. An Act for discontinuing the Duties on Logwood

exported; for taking off the Duties on Stums Liquorit’uc

imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof;

for explaining such Parts of two Acts made in the tenth

and twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, as re-

late to certain Duties on Silks, painted, printed, or

Rained, in Great Britain; for granting a Duty upon the

Exportation of such Rice as shall have been imported

Duty-free, in pursuance of an Act made in this Scifiou

of Parliament; and for more effvdually preventing

the Wear of Foreign Lace and Needle Work which are

prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom.

48. An Act for regulating the Proceedings of certain*

Publick Companies and Corporations carrying on Trade

or Dealings with Joint Stocks, in respect to the De-

claring of Dividends 5 and lor further regulating the

Qualification of Members for voting in their respective

General Courts.

49. An Act for regulating certain Proceedings of the Ge-

neral Courts of the United Company of Merchants of

England trading to th£ East Indies.

50. An Act for amending certain Laws relating to the

Revenue of the Post Office; and for granting Rates of

Portage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets

between Great Britain and the Isle of Alan, and within

that Island.

51 An Act for improving the Navigation of the River

Lee, from the Town of Hertford to the River Ti.amcs ;

and for extending the said Navigation to the Flood-

gates belonging to the Town Mill, in the faiJ Town of

Hertford.

52. An Act for crcding a proper and convient Pier at

the Port of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, for

the better Protection of Ships and Vdills retorting to

the said Port.

53. An Act for draining and preserving Fen Lands and

Low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the

Cheat Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford

Level, and in the County of Cambridge, betwet n the

River Cam, otherwise Grant, W ell, and the Uaru' nds

of Bett fi)u/7, Siva[ftbam Buibcck, and Swcfham Pi ic*m,

Eart; mid lor impoweiing the Covernor. Bail !i>, and

Commonalty of the Con pany ol Cm.fervators of the

Great Level of the bens, commonly called Ildfo'd

Level, to fell certain Fen Lands lying within the Limits

alorciaid, commonly called lnv*lud Lands.

>4. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum

ol Money out of the Sinking 1 ur.d, and lor applying

certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service ol the

Year

