A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. C. 18; 289

died and called forth into actual Service, which shall first happen ; and the Officer then commanding such Serv’c*» or an.

Regiment, Battalion, or Indcpcndant Company, shall iilue out ail Order under his Hand and Seal, to the hVbV de-*

Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison v.'here such Deserter shall be confined, requiring such Gaoler or Keeper to mj.lcjeJby hi*

eh luer such Deserter to the Person or Persons therein named, which he is hereby required to do ; and such c.remanding

Orficer commanding such Regiment, Battalion, or liulepcndant Company, is hereby impowered and Officer,

required to summon and hold a Court-martial for the Trial of such Deserter, in such Manner and with the and * f

fame Power and Authority as given and directed by the Act for punifiiing Mutiny and Desertion, and the J^TiuMfec

better Payment of the Army and their Quarters ; and if upon such Trial such Deserter shall be found guilty, '

it shall and may be lawful to punish him in such Manner as such Court-martial shall in their Discretion

think fit, agreeable to the Powers and Provision of the Articles of War, and the said Act for pumlhing

M utiny and Desertion, and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

XXII I, And be it further enacted by the Authority rforesaid, T'hat if any Serjeant-major, Serjeant, Drum- And cVferting it

major. Drummer, or Fifer, shall desert, during the Time the Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Cony- the Time of ac-

nany, in which he shall he inrolled and be engaged to serve, shall be in actual Service, or at annual tualScrvice» or

txercifc, and shall not be apprehended during such Time, such DyTcrter shall and may be apprehended and *iVe"and*(1^11^

proceeded against in the same Manner as is herein before tlircded in the Cafe of such Serjeant-major, Ser- not'be apprr.

jjeant, Druin-major, Drummer, or Fifer, deferring, during the Timp the Militia to which he shall belong hended during

is not in actual Service, or out at annual Exercise. such Time, he

may be proceeded against as in the former Calc.

XXIV. And, for the better Encouragement of any Person to apprehend and secure such Deserters as Person* appro-

arforesaid, be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace before whom any such Deserter shall be bending LrnVr-

committed, shall and may ifl'ue his Warrant in Writing to the Clerk of the Regiment, Battalion, or Inde-

pendant Company, to which such Deserter shall belong, directing and requiring such Clerk to pay out of by Warrant from

the Stock belonging to such Regiment, Battalion, or independant Company, into the Hands of such Per- the Jurticetothc

son who shall apprehend any such Deserter, the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Deserter that shall be Reg;mental

so apprehended and committed. Clerk.

XXV. Provided always. That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or assist, any such Deserter, knowing Penalty of co«-

him to be so, the Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds ; to be celling Dcfentr#

levied and recovered in the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are to be levied and recovered in*1 5*

and by an Act of the second Year of his present Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act to explain, amend, and to be levied

• reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the railing and training of Act tGeo, j.

• the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England? . dbett*.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to enable the Trustees of the British Museum to exchange, fell, or dispose of, any

Duplicates of printed Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities •, and for laying out the

Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Things that may be wanting inf or

proper for, the said Museum.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late PrwnM*# nets

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the rurchafe of the Museum, or Collection

Sir Hans Sloane, and of' the Harleian Collection of Manufcrtpts; and for better providing one general Eepojt^ Gn

tory for the better Reception, and more convenient life, of the said Collection, and of the Cottonian Library, c% iQ.fta, j%\

and :f the Additions thereto ; it is, amongst other Things enabled. That within the Cities of London or

ll ej\minjl*r> or the Suburbs thereof, one general Repohtory should be erected or provided in tuch con-

venient Place, and in such Manner, as the Trustees thereby appointed, or the major Part of them, at

a general Meeting aTembled, should diicd, for the Reception not only of the said Museum, or Collec-

tion of Sir Hans Slonne, but also of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions which had been or should

be made thereto, by virtue of the lift Will and Testament of Arthur Edwards Esquire in the said Act

named, and likewise of the said Harleian Collection of Manuscripts, and of such other Additions to the

laid C:tt;nian Library as, with the Approbation of the Trustees by the said Act app >inted, or the major

Part of them, at a general Meeting assembled, {hould be made thereunto, in Manner therein after-men-

tioned ; anJ of such other Collections and Libraries as, with the like Approbation, should be admitted

into the said general Rcpofitory; and that the said several Collodions, Additions, and Library, so re-

ceived into the said general Repi fitory, should remain and be prelcrved therein, for publick U(e, to all

P«ftrrity : And whereas the said Collodions have been greatly increased by considerable Donations from

h.s Majesty, and the Gifts of several Noblemen and others ; and it is probable that great Additions will

hereafter be made ther to : And whereas there arc now, and there*may hereafter be, in the various De-

partments of the British Museum, many Duplicatesof printed Books, Med-ds, Coins, and other Curio-

ti.ici, which it would be proper to dispose of, in order to make room for others May it therefore p'case

Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's nuftt Excellent

Majesty,-by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

his prclcnt ParPiment ali'embled, and by the Authority of the same, Thru it shall and may be lawful to

nd for the said Trustees, and their Successors, or any five or more of them, at any Meeting alicmbleJ,

:id they are hereby authorised and impowered, from time to tima, and at ail Times hereafter, to order any *Vri •. ,r

VoL. X. P p Duplicates^) iX; 0*

