79°

c- 53-

Anno decimo Georgm III.

A.D. 1770.

Owner, Stc. plying

g-eiter of lei* Price, f or-

bits 10s. lor each Of*

since.

Exception.

Court of Mayrr and

Aldermen may annually,

in January, alter the

said Pi ice ;

to which A'trration all

Per Tons are tocofitoim.

After Ship shall be un-

loaded, Mailer, See. to

pay I•* the Foreman of

the Gan^, the Money

clue for unloading; and

Foieman to pay to each

Man h*3 Share. If

Money not paid on De-

mand, Comp’aint may

be made to Lord Mayor,

Set* who may determine

the fame,

and cause the Debt, with

Colls (not exceeding

tos.) to be levied by

Difhefs.

For want of Diflref*,

Orf ndor to be com-

mitted.

Wage* of Coal-heavers

to be paid in current

Coin.

Coal-heav?r ’raving Ship

before he is discharged,

to be punished in I ke

Manner Labourcis

leaving their Woik un-

fimshed.

Captain nny employ his

Own Maiii»ers in dif-

•hargingSh p of Coals,

at the Price they shall

agree upon ; 01 Coal-

heavers,or other Persons,

paying them as directed

by this AQ.

All Penalties to gn to the

Informer j to l.c reco-

vered before Lord

Mayor, or One Alder-

man ;

and levied determined by Distress.

For want ot Distref*,

Offender to be com-

mitted.

Deputes to be deter-

mined by Lord Mayor,

or One Alderman,

in like Manner as Dif-

putes between Mailers

and Servant* in Huf-

bandry

Exception.

so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity ; and if any Captain or Owner, or other Person ot

Persons having the Care of any such Ship or Veil'd, shall pay, or cause to be paid, directly or in-

dircdly, to any Gang of Coal-heavers, or separate Coal-heaver, or to any other Person or Persons

whomsoever, any greater or less Sum or Hire or Wages than is hereby directed or appointed as afore*

said ; such Person or'Persons shall, for each Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings ; except such

Price or Wages for Labour shall be altered by v irtue of this Act in the Manner herein-after directed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Court held in the City of

London, commonly called The Court of Lord Mayer and Aldermen, is hereby authorised and impowered,

in the Month of jahuary in every Year, to alter, as they shall judge it ncecfl’ary and convenient, the

Price, Sum of Money, Pay, or Wages, hereby directed to be paid to such Persons *as shall be em-

ployed in discharging Ships or Vessels loaded ^with Coals as aforesaid ; to which Alterations all Per-

fons shall conform themselves, under the Penalties hereby directed and inflicted.

VII. And be it further enacted. That every Captain or Matter of a Ship or Vessel, loaden or to

beloaden with Coals, his Agent or Factor, or Agents or Factors, shall, after his Ship shall be un-

loaded within the Limits aforesaid, pay or cause to he paid on Demand to the Foreman of the Gang,

who shall have been employed to unload the fame, or to such other Person as he shall appoint, all

and every Sum or Sums of Money due for unloading such Ship ; and such Foreman of the said Gang,

after he shall have received such Sum or Sums of Money, shall pay or cause to be paid to each of

the said Gang, which shall be employed in unloading such Ship, his Share of such Sum or Sums of

Money : And if such Sum or Sums of Money shall, in either Cafe, not be paid and satisfied on De-

mand, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person so aggiieved, to apply and complain to the

Lord Mayor, or any One of the Aldermen of the City of London .aforesaid, for Redress ; who shall

and may, with all convenient Speed, hear the said Complaint and determine the fame: And if such

Captain or Matter of any Ship or Vessel shall be adjudged indebted to the Gang complaining, who

shall have been employed to unload the fame Ship or Vessel ; or such Foreman of the said Gang /hall

be adjudged indebted to the said Gang, or any of them complaining ; it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Lord Mayor or Aldermen before whom such Complaint shall be heard, by Warrant

under his Hand and Seal, forthwith, and without Delay, to cause such Debt, together with the Costs

and Charges attending such Complaint, not exceeding Twenty Shillings, as such Mayor or Aider-

men shall judge reasonfible, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person

indebted ; and for want of such Distress, or suficient Distress, to commit him to either of the

Compters within the said City, there to remain until such Debt, Costs and Charges shall be fully

paid and satisfied.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Wages and Hire of Coal-heavers shall he paid by the

Matters or Owners of Ships, or their Agents, to the Foreman of the Gang, and by him divided a-

mong the said Coal-heavers, in current Coin, and not by way of Barter or Exchange, in any Goods,

Wares, Merchandizes, Meat, Drink, or Materials for Wearing Apparel, under the Penalty of Five

Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Coal-heaver employed in

discharging or unloading any Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, shall leave the Ship before (he be fully dif-

charged, not being obliged thereto by Sickness or other Accident, and not being prevented from

working by any Negle£t or Default of the Matter or Owner of such Ship, or the Officers appointed

to attend the Delivery thereof; every Person so offending shall be liable to be punished in the fame

Manner as other Labourers are, by Law, liable to be punished for leaving their Work unfinished or

unperformed.

X\ Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may

be lawful to and for every Captain or Matter of a Ship or Vessel loaden or to beloaden with Coals

within the Limits aforesaid, to employ his own Mariners in discharging his said Ship or Vessel, and

to pay them as he and they shall agree ; or to procure Coal-heavers or other Persons to discharge

the fame, upon paying such Coal-heavers or other Persons the Payor Wages by this Act directed

and intended to be paid to Coal-heavers.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Penalty and Penalties

in this Act mentioned and contained, shall go to the Informer ; and shall be recovered before the

Lord Mayor, or any one of the Aldermen of the City of London; and be levied by Distress and

Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Mayor

or Alderman before whom the fame shall be recovered ; and for want of such Distress, or sufficient

Distress, such Offender shall, for every Offence, be committed by the said Lord Mayor, or any One

of the Aldermen of the said City of London, to either of the Compters of the said City, for any Term

or Space not exceeding Thirty nor less than P'ifteen Days.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Disputes and Differences that

shall or may at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of this Act, be or arise between any

Captain or Matter of any Ship or VeflU loaden with Coals, the said Coal-undertakers or Coal-

heavers, or two or more of them, within the Limits aforesaid, shall be adjudged and determined be-

fore the said Lord Mayor, or any One of the Aldermen of the said City of London, and before no

other Court or Courts, Magistrates or Magistrate whatsoever, in the same Manner as Disputes and

Differences between Matters ^and Servants in Husbandry are, by Law, directed to be adjudged and

determined, and no othervAife ; except in Cafes where such Matters are or shall be altered, or other-

wife provided for by this A<3.

XIII. And

