468 C. 21. Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

ing shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day such Pavement shall continue

unrelayed or unrepaired after the Expiration of the said Two Days.

Where there is XXVIII. Provided always. That if it shall haj pen that at any Timp there shall be no regular or fixed

Appointment ofa Pavior of any of the Water Companies, in that case, such Notice as aforesaid shall be de-

c0(TJl*vered to, or left at, the Office of the Clerk or Secretary of such Company respecHvely, who shall, in

pjny’s Oifice. every such Cafe, be fubstituted in the Room of such Pavior, to all the Intents and Purposes aforesaid.

DiretfmsthePa- XXIX. And it is hereby further enabled. That the several and respective Paviors now employed, or

viors ct the Wj. hereafter to be employed, by the said Water Companies respectively, within the said City or Liberties

f"ec™^”tt01hcreof, shall, within the Space of Thirty Days next after the passing of this Adf, or within Three

thtir Naniesj^V. Days next after they shall be respectivtly appointed Paviors to such Company or Companies, give No-

tice in Writing to the Clerk for the Time being of the said Commissioners, of their respective Names

and Places of Abode, and of the Name of the respective Company whose Paviors they are, and of the

respeorive Distridt to which they are appointed; and in like Manner the Clerk for the Time being of

the said Commissioners shall, within the respective Times aforesaid, give Notice to the respectivfc Favours

of the said several Water Commanies of the Names and Places of Abode of the Pavior or Paviors, Con-

tractor or Contractors, for the Time being, of the said Commissioners ; and if any of the said Paviors, or

the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Time being, shall neglect to give such Notice within the ref-

pective Times aforesaid, each of them shall, for every such Offence, severally forfeit and pay the Sum of

Twenty Shillings.

Water Compa- XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Charges and Expence*

ries to pay theQf relaying the Pavement which shall be broken or taken up for the Purposes of repairing: or amending any

kyinePav°men’V ^‘Pe or P*Pes» QiaN be reimbursed and paid to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall

uLn* the" p™es appoint to receive the same, by the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being of the respective Water Com-

aic broken, &fc. panies to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong; or if the fame shall not belong to any of the said Water

Companies, then by the respective Owner or Owners thereof; and the Charges and Expences of relaying

the Pavement which shall be broken or taken up for the Purposes of new making, repairing, altering,

cleansing, or emptying, any Sewer, Drain, or Vault, or of making any new or additional Grates, or of

repairing and altering any old Grates, shall be defrayed and paid by and out of some Rate or Rates to

be made or assessed by virtue or in pursuance of the said Act of the Twenty-second and Twenty-third

Yeare of the Reign of .King Charles the Second; or by the Person or Persons who shall take up the

said Pavement, or any Part thereof, or cause the fame to be taken up for any of the Purposes afore-

said: And if such Clerk or Treasurer to any of the said Water Companies, or the respective Owner or

v Owners of such Pipe or Pipes, liable to reimburse and pay such Charges and E&pences, shall refuse or

neglect to pay the fame within Ten Days next after Demand thereof, in Writing, signed by the Clerk of

the said Commissioners, and left at their respeClive Dwelling-houses or last Places of Abode, together

with a Bill to be annexed to such'Demand, containing an Account of such Charges and Expences ; then,

and in every such Cafe, the Money so expended shall and may be recovered by the said Commissioners of

and from the Person or Persons so liable thereto, by Action or Actions of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Infor-

mation, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVeJin.inJler, in the Name of the Mayor and Com-

monalty, and Citizens of the said City of London, to be commenced within Three Calendar Months next

after such Demand respectively; in which Action or Suit no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or

more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed,

txpenceof Aire- XXXI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That if at any Time it shall be found

ration of the necessary for the Purposes of new paving, or altering the Pavement, of any of the said Streets, Lanes*

Pipes to be dc Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places to raise, fink, or any otherwise alter the Postion of

Monies^o^the any Pipes or Plugs laid down or placed by any of the said Water Companies, or by any other Per-

Act. son or Persons whatsoever, the Charges attending the fame shall be paid out of the Monies arising, or to

arise, by virtue of this Adh

For procurrg XXXII. And for the more easily obtaining of Water in Cafes of Fire, it is hereby further enacted^

Water in TimesThat the several Water Companies, who shall supply any of the Inhabitants of the said City with Water*

of/he Turncccks ^a^> from Time to Time, within the Space of Fourteen Days after the passing of this Act, or withia

tobedeiivereJCin^even Days after the Appointment of any Turncock or Turncocks, give Notice, in Writing, to the said

Commissioners, of the Names and Places of Abode of their refnedtive Turncocks, distinguiming the Dif-

Penalty for every tridts to which they respcdli vely belong; and if any of the said Companies shall neglect to give such No-

Ncgieft therein. tice wjthjn the Times aforesaid, they shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings 5;

and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required yearly to cause to be printed and distri—

buted through every Ward within the said City and Liberties, to and amongst the several Housholdera.

within the same, a List of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Turncocks of the Distridt of

/ Distridts within which every such Ward respectively shall lie.

For watering the XXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Au—

Street*. thority to cause the said Streets to be watered as often as they shall think fit* and also to cause any

Well or Wells to be dug and funk in such Places as they shall think proper; and also any Pump of

Pumps to be erected in or near such Places; and also any Pumps now standing for the Purpose of watering

the said Street , or for any other Purpose, to be removed or altered, and to defray the Expences thereof

out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of* and for the Purposes of this Act-

3 XXXIV. And;

C*

