The TITLES of the STATUTES.

from Tucker s Grave, to the Road leading from Wellow,

to a Place known by the Name of The Red Post, in the

County of Somerset,

54. An Act for amending and widening the Road from

the City of York, to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank, and

v from the said Road in Sutton Field through Craike to-

wards Oul/lsn, to the Extent of the Lordship of Craike,

in the County of York, '

55. An Act for amending the Road from Christopher's

Bridge, in the Borough of Thetford, in the County of

Si folk, to the North East End of the Town of New-

market, in the County of Cambridge,

56. An Act to explain, amend, and render more eftcftual,

and to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act

passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty, so far as the said Act relates to the repair-

ing and widening the Road from the Town of Kingston

upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called

Sheet Bridge, near Peter sfieUl, in the County of South-

ampton,

57. An Act for the better supplying the Town of Dunbar

with Frcfh Water.

38. An Act for taking down the present Shire-house in the

Market-place of the Town of Hertford, in the County

of Hertford; and for building a new one on a more ex-

tensive and commodious Plan in the Market-place of

the said Town.

59. An Act for repairing several Roads leading through

the County of Selkirk,

60. An Act for repairing several Roads leading through

the County of Roxburgh,

61. An Act for repairing an 1 widening the Road from

the Alayor's Stone in Abingdon, in the County of Berks,

through Cumner, to the antient Horse Road at Swinford,

in the said County.

62. An Act for the better paving and cleanfingthc Streets,

and other publick Passages, in the Town of Portsmouth,

in the County of Southampton \ and for preventing Nu-

fances and Annoyances therein; and for widening and

rendering the fame more commodious.

6y, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut

or Canal from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near

the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of

Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a

Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dum-

barton \ and also a collateral Cut from the same to the

City of Glasgow; and for making a navigable Cut or

Canal of Communication from the Port and Hjrbour of

Borroxv/hunnefs, to join the said^ Canal at or near the

Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 8 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

t\ Common Fit Ids and Meadows of Stoiv% within the

Parish of Thrcekin^ham, in the County of Lincoln,

2. An Act to enable James Shuttlcwoi th the your g< 1* Kf-

quiie, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and

Arms of Holders, pursuant to the Will of Robert HAden

Lfijuirc, dteealed.

3. An Act to enable John Swinfen (lately called J In

Grundy) and his I lluc, to take and ufc the Surname ait J

Arms of Sivinfcn,

4. An Act to enable the Reverend Ralph Drake Clerk,

and Ins Issue, to take and bear the Surname and Arms

of Brockman, pursuant lo the Will of Janus Bruimun

Jtfljuirc, dcccafed.

5. An Act for naturalizing William Aubert.

6. An Act for naturalizing Dirk Willem Fan Dam.

7. An Act for naturalizing John Francis Roffier, Charier

Augustus Rodolph Lewes dc WiHermits, Nicholas Freeze*

John James Schlapffer, and Lewis Repinder.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Failures,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the

Parish of Loughton, in the County of Bucks.

9. An Act for continuing, establiming, and confirming,

the Surname and Arms of Wullinger, unto John Wal~

linger, formerly called John Arnold, and his Issue, pur-

suant to the Will of John Wallinger, his late Uncle,

deceased.

10. An Act to enable Judith Paul, and her Issue, to ufc

and take the Name of Saint Paul,

11. An Act for naturalizing David Peyer Imhoff,

ir. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields

and Commons, within the Lordship or Liberty of Remp-

stone, in the County of Nottingham,

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

. mon Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Town-

ship of Hotham, in the East Riding of the County of

York,

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable

Lands, on the South and Well Parts of the River Leam,

in the Manor and Parish of Lemington. Priors, in the

County of Warwick,

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, within the

Parishes of Billingborough and Birthorpe, in the County

of Lincoln , and for draining and improving the said

Fen.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Failures, Commons, and Waites,

within the Township of Millington, in the County of

York.

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open.

Fields, Lands, Grounds, Meadows, Failures, Comme ns,

and Waites, within the Township of Bridlington, in the

East Riding of the County of York, and for extinguish-

ing the Right of Common, or Average, upon certain

ancient IncTofurcs, within the same Township.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields*

Meadow Grounds, Sheep Downs, Commons, Common

Heaths, and other Walle Grounds, in the In-Parish of

I Fin frith Newburgh, in the County of Dorset.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Common Fields, Meadow Grounds, Heath, and Com-

monable Lands, in the Parish of Kciton, in the County

of Rutland,

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common-

Fields, Marshes, Wade Grounds, Commons, Cans,

Failure, and Moor, within the Manor of Hook, in the

Parish of S nulth, in the County of York; and for main-

taining the Banks within the said Manor and Township-

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Com-

mons, Common Heaths, and Waite Giounds, in the*

Manor of Alorden, in the County of Dorset,

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing Icvcral Stinted Paf-

tures, within the Township of Litton, in the Parish of

Arne lift, in the County of York,

27, An Act for dividing and inch sing the Common and

Waile Ground, v.hhin the Township and Manor of

Cor;:nly, in the P ir ih of AAAwiik, in the Wilt Riding

of the County of l'ak.

2 -i A n

