400 C.’5t» Anno feptimo Georgii lit, A. D. 1767.

* And for every Chaldron of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, which shall be carried or conveyed through Lu

Bridge, or through any Lock which shall be made or erected in the new Cut below the said Bridge,

four Pence : And for every Ton of other Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, that shall be

carried or conveyed through the said Bridge or Lock, three Pence $ and so in proportion for any greater

or lesser Quantity or Weight than a Chaldron or Ton.

And for every Chaldron of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, which shall be carried or conveyed on die Cut

which shall be made from Bromley Lock into the River Thames, three Pence: And for every Ton of other

♦Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, that shall be carried or conveyed on the said Cut, two

Pence; "and so in proportion to any greater or lesser Quantity or Weight than a Chaldron or Ton.

And for every rleafure Boat which shall pass through either of the said Locks or Places, or on the said

Cut which shall be made from Bromley Lock into the River Thames, one Shilling.

Tonnage «£. LXXXI. Provided always. That five'Quarters of Wheat, Rye, Beans, Peas, and Tares, shall be allow-

eeruincdj ed ^ a Ton ; fix Quarters of Barley to a Ton ; eight Quarters of Malt and Oats to a Ton; eight Sack*

of Meal or Flour, containing five Bushels each, to a Ton; and ten Quartets of Bran or Pollan) to a

jn*y We levied Ton : And if any Person or Persons hereby made subje£t to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties,

by Diitrcfc. or any Qf them, mall not pay the fame, upon Demand thereof made by the Colte&or or ColleSori ap-

pointed as aforesaid to collect the said Rates and Duties, or any of them, such Collator or CoHe&ors is

and are hereby authorised and required to seize any such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities,

and the Boats, Barges, Lighters, or other Vessels carrying or conveying the fame, and such Pleasure Boats

Oiftreftjmy be respe#ively ; and in case Such Rate and Duty, or Rates and Duties, mail not be paid within theSpaoeof

ibid after 4 four Days next after such Seizure, it shall be lawful for such Collector or CoUe&ors to fell such Goods,

Days. Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Veffids, or Pleasure Boats,

rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Person or Persons making Default in Payment as aforesaid, after

the said Rate and Duty, or Rates and Duties, together with the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and

Sale, shall be deducted and paid.

Exemption* LXXXII. Provided always. That no Tonage, Rates or Duties shall be due, paid, or demanded, for

any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, carrying only Oil Cakes, Malt Dust, Pigeon Dung, or Manure

of any Kind whatsoever, on the said River, or the said new Cuts or Canals, or any of them, or any Part

thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Conditional LXXXIII. Provided also, That if the Cut or Canal between Lee Bridge and Hackney Brook shall not

£*e<feptio*c« fee made and perfected within the Space of seven Years from the passing of this Act, the said Tolls, Dudes,

or Rates, hereby directed to be paid between the said Bridge and the said Brook, shall ceafo, determine,

and be no longer paid.

LXXXI V. And, for the more easy collecting the Rates and Duties hereby made payable, be it further

Report h> be enabled, That every Person having the Charge of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, which shall

of load- pass through any or either of the said Weirs or Locks, or Bridge, or on the said Cut, shall give ah Account,

ing by N*vi- jn Writing, signed by himself, unto such Person or Persons, and at such Place and Places as shall, from

fatoa. time to time, be appointed by the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, to receive the same, of

the Quantity, Quality, and Weight of the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, which shall

be in such Boat, barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, at the Time the fame shall pass through the said Weir,

Lock, Bridge, or on the said Cut; and also of the Quantity, Quality, and Weight of the Goods, Wares,

Merchandizes, and Commodities, which shall have been discharged or taken out of such Boat, Barge,

Lighter, or other Vessel, before the Arrival thereof at the Place where such Account is to be given 5 and

in failure of giving such Account, or in case a false Account shall be given, every such Person shall, for

-every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds ; and if any Difference shall arise between any

ColIe6ior of the said Rates and Duties and the Person having the Charge of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or

<other Vessel, or the Owner of any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities therein, concerning

the Quantity, Quality, or Weight, of the fame, it shall be lawful for such Collector to (top and detain

\ any such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, and to weigh, measure, gauge, or number, or causetobe

weighed, measured, gauged, or numbered, all such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities; and

, in case the fame shall appear to be of a greater Quantity or Weight, or other Quality than such Person

declared the fame to be, in every such Cafe, such rerfon shall pay the Cods and Charges of such weigh-

ing, measuring, gauging, and numbering; and the said Costs and Charges, and Penalty, upon RefufaJof

Payment thereof on Demand, shall and may be recovered in the same Manner as the Rates and Duties

hereby granted are appointed to be recovered : But if such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodi-

ties, shall appear of no greater Quantity or Weight, or of no other Quality than shall have been

fp-cified in such Account, then such Colle£tor shall pay such Costs and Charges; and shall also pay to

such Pei Ion, or to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities, two

Shillings and six Pence for every Hour that such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, shall be detained

upon account of such weighing, measuring, gauging, or numbering, and so in proportion for any greater

or lesser Time than one Hour; and in Default of immediate Payment thereof, the fame shall be levied by

Dill refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Collector, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of

any Justice of the Peace of either of the Counties of Hertford, E/feXy or ATiddlesex 5 rendering the Over-

plus (if any) to the Owner or Owners thereof, after the said Payment and Charges of such Distre/s and

Sale shall be deduced.

LX XXV. And be it further enf-sted^ That all Sums of Money to be rai fed or paid by virtue of this

teitUtn* Act ihaJl be, and they are hereby veiled in the said Trustees; and shall be applied, in the first place, in

7 di (charging

