•»

A'

Anno nono Georgi'i TIT.

C. 8

by this Act, shall be paid at such Time and Place as the said Commissioners and Trustees for the Time ^re^h"!Vht*

being, or the major Part of them, shall, from Time to Time, order, direct, and appoint.. . pa“dl]c*

VIII. And be it hereby further enacted. That it shall not be lawful for any Customer, Collector, «jhj *# not

Comptroller, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs whatever belonging to the said.cklred'tiilV.e

Port of Wells y to permit any Ship or Vessel to clear at the said Custom-house, or to go out of the said Duties are

Harbour, until the Matter, or other Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of such Ship or Vcilel,

shall produce a Certificate from the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, that the Rates and

Duties hereby granted are paid or secured to be paid, according to the true* Meaning and Intent of this

A cl ; which said Certificate the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, are hereby required

to give without Fee or Reward : And that if any Customer, Collector, Comptroller, Surveyor, or other Penalty on Offi-

Orhccr of or concerned in the said Customs, shall make Default or offend in the Premises, contrary tb ciJaflnccbefcre*

the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit tjJ Dunes m

and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, secured.

in 2ny of His Majesty’s Courts at Westminster, with Double Costs of Suit, in which no Protection, Wa-

ger of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and in which Action or Suit any Inhabitant

of the T own of Wills y not disqualified or disabled by Law, shall be admitted to give Evidence, and be

deemed a competent Witness.

IX. And be it also hereby enacted and declared, That One Moiety of such Forfeiture shall go and be penaJtic*anJ

raid unto and to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same ; and the other so^'^vered^

Moiety thereof shall be paid into the Hands of the said Commissioners and Trustees, or the major Part of and

them, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners and Trustees, or the major Part of them,

shall direct and appoint; and shall be applied in, for, oc towards the improving and preserving the said

Harbour and Quay of Wells, and for other the Purposes herein before mentioned.

X. And be it hereby further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners Cotmriflinnert

and Trustees, or the major Part of them, to make such Bye-laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as |"ay ra*ke Bye-

shall be found necefl'ary for the Purposes in this Act mentioned ; and to contract and agree with Work- a*3\

men. Artificers, or other Persons whatsoever (bona fide) for making and doing all and every or any Part™ omra u

of the Work and Business to be done in or about the preserving, improving, and maintaining, the said

Harbour and Quay ; and also with any Person or Persons for Timber, Stones, and other Materials, which

shall be requisite for the Purposes aforesaid.

XI. And, to the End that a sufficient Sum of Money may be speedily raised for the Purposes aforesaid. Commit oner*

and for better securing the fame $ be it hereby further enacted. That it shall and iliay be lawful for the m3y born w

saul Commissioners and Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby c^iTorVhc6

impowered, by Indenture or Writing under their Hands and Seals, to convey and allure the Duties granted dJu^.0

by this Act, or any Part thereof, as a Security for any Sum or*$ums of Money to be borrowed for the

Ends and Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds,

unto any Person or Persons that shall or will lend or advance the fame, for securing the Repayment

thereof at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, or at any lower Intcrell ; and that all Monies Application «f

which shall be raised, received, and borrowed by virtue or under the Authority of this Act, shall be ap- Monies,

plied and disposed of, in the First Place, for and towards the paying and discharging the Expences at-

tending the obtaining and passing of this present Act; and afterwards for the improving, preserving, and

maintaining, the Harbour, Quay, and other Works belonging thereto, and for paying and discharging the

Debt already contradlcd, and to or for no other Use or Purpoje whatsoever.

XII. And be it hereby further enacted. That there shall, from Time to Time, be kept by the said Accounts to be

Commissioners and Trustees, or their Agent or Agents, One or more Book or Books, in which all the kC|>t'

# Monies to be received or borrowed by virtue of this Act, or advanced upon the Credit thereof, and also

#al! Sums disbursed or laid out by the said Commissioners and Trustees, or by their or any of their Order

for the Purposes aforesaid, and the respective Time of such Receipt and Disbursements, shall be, from

Time to Time, duly and fairly set down and entered ; and all Persons concerned or interested shall at all

Times have the Inspection and Perusal of the said Booksjmd Accounts gratis \ and there shall be also kept ,

by the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, proper

B.oks, containing Entries of all their Receipts and Payments had and made by Virtue and under the

Authority of this present Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawFul for the said Commissioners and

Trustees, or the major Part of them, from Time to Time, and at all Times during the Continuance of

this Act, to nominate, chuse, and appoint, some proper Person or Persons to be Collector or Collectors,

Receiver or Receivers, of the said Duties hereby granted, and to allow the said Collector or Collectors,

Receiver or Receivers, for his or their Trouble in receiving and paying the fame out of the Sum or Sums

of Money to be by him or them received, any such Salary as the said Commissioners and Trustees, or the

major Part of them, shall think fit and reasonable ; and that the said Commissioners, or the major Part ofoTc?n tagirc]

lbtm, shall take of such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, so to be chofion, nominated, and ‘y*

appointed as aforesaid, good and sufficient Security, as well for answering and paying all and every Sum

and Sums of Money by him or them respectively received, in such Manner as the said Commissioners and

Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall, under their Hands and Seals, appoint, and not otherwise.

