32

Dlflrefa may be fold after

Four Days,

Commissionerc may ert&

Turnpikes, Stc.

Turnpikes, See. vested

in the Commissioners.

Tolls may be collected

at the Turnpikes already

tredted.

Toils to be paid but once

a Day,

Commissioners may

lease, &c. the Tells,

Commissioners may

appoint Officers.

Officers to account upon

Oath.

C. 13. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

pay the fame 5 and all such Hordes* Cattle, or Goods, may be detained until such Toll, with the rea-

sonable Charges of such Distrefe, shall be paid; and it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, so

distraining, after the Space of four Days after such Distress made or taken, to fell the Horse or Ho. fes,

Cattle, Goods, or Chatties, so distrained, rendering to the Owner or Owners thereof the Overplus*

upon Demand, after Satisfaction of the said Toll, and the reasonable Charges in and about making

such Distress, Keeping, and Sale, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall he lawful for the Lid Com-

milEoners, or any five or more of them, if they tlrall think proper, at any Time or Times during the

Continuance of this Act, to cause to be erected any Turnpike or Turnpikes at or near all or any of

the respective Places afore mentioned, for thj purpose of collecting the several and respective Tolls

hereby made payable, and also to be erected or provided a Toll-house at or near each Turnpike; and*

from time to time, to remove or alter the fame, as they the said Commissioners, or any live or more

of them, shall think expedient: And the Right and Property of all the Turnpikes and Toll-houses

to be, from time to time, erected and provided by virtue of this Act, and the kight and Property cf

the Materials provided for building or repairing the fame, shall be, and are hereby, veiled in the said

Commissioners; and they, or any five or moie of them, are hereby impowered to bring, or cause to be

brought, any Action or Actions, in the Names of any two or more of them, or of their Treasurer

or Clerk 5 or to prefer, or order the preferring of, lndidlments against any Person or Persons who

shall injure the fame, or any Part thereof, or disturb them in the Poileflion thereof, or take, or retain,

or hold Possession thereof, after being required by the Order of any five or more of the said Commis-

sioners to deliver up the fame.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it

shall and may be lawful for the several and respective Receivers and Collectors, and other Persons to

be appointed by virtue of this Act, to receive and collect the several Tolls hereby made payable; and

they are hereby authorized and irrmowered for the Purposes of this Act, without the Lett, Hindrance*

or Molestation, of any Person or persons whatsoever, to make use of all or any the Gates or Turn-

pikes and Toll-houses already fcfedled, or hereafter to be erected or continued by virtue of any Act or

Acts of Parliament, at or near the several and respective Places whereat any Toll is hereby authorized

to be taken, so as such respective Receivers, Collectors, or other Persons, do in no wife hinder or

interrupt the transadling of any Business or Purpose for which such Turnpikes and Toll-houses were

respectively erected or provided.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Per-

fons shall be liable to pay the said Street Toll more than once for passing or repairing at any Time or

Times on the fame Sunday as aforesaid, with the fame Cattle and Carriage; but that all and every

Person and Persons, after having paid such Toll once, as aforesaid, shall, during the Remainder of

such Day, pass Toll-free, with reipedl to the said Street Toll, with the fame Cattle and Carriages,

through the Gate or Turnpike at which any such Toll was paid, and also through all other Gates or

Turnpikes whereat the said Tolls are hereby made payable, upon producing a Note or Ticket denot-

ing the Payment of such Toll; which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the said Tolls are hereby

required to give gratis on Receipt of such Tolls.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five

or more of them, may, and are hereby impowered, upon ten Days Nc ice being given in the London

Gazette, to lease or farm by the Year the Tolls by this Act granted, or any Part or Parts thereof, to

any Person or Persons, at or for the larged yearly’ Sums that can be got for the fame; provided that

such Lettings or Agreements be made in Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons taking or

farming my such Tolls, and by the Commissioners that let the fame, and be not made for more than

three Years at a Time; and that the Money that shall be so agreed to be paid for the said Tolls, shall

be made payable and shall be paid to the said Commissioners, by quarterly Payments; and that the

Person or Persons to whom the fame shall be so let, shall always pay down one Quarter’s Pay in Ad-

vance; and if any Letting or Agreement for letting the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall

be made, or any Default shall be made in paying the Money agreed to be paid, contrary to the true

Meaning of this Act, then every such Letting and Agreement shall be void, and the Person or Persons

to whom the said Tolls shall be let, shall he liable to account for the fame, and to have the fame

levied and recovered upon and of him and them, in the same Manner as is by this Adl directed for

the accounting for the said Tolls by the Collectors thereof, and for the levying and recovering the

fame upon and of them.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at any Time or T imes, by any Writing or

Writings under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons to be Receiver

or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, of the said respective Tolls as they shall think fit; and all

Persons by this Act made liable to pay the said Tolls, or any of them, are hereby required to pay the

fame to such Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, as aforesaid; and all such Receivers and

Collectors shall respectively pay the fame into the Hands of such Person or Persons 3s the said Com-

missioners, or any Five or more of them, shall, from time to time, direct and appoint; and shall also

upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (which

Oath the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to

administer) from time to time give in to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or to

i such

c.

