A.D. 1767. Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 40: 329

it (hill not be lawful for any such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, not permitted to be measured as aforesaid, •hurting

Co pass along any Turnpike Road. tlKm» &c#

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Waggon, Wain, or other Four Wheeled Carriage, having k<>

the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gage of nine Inches, shall pass or be wheehvi w>p-

drawn on any Turnpike Road with more than eight Horses ; nor any Cart, or other Two Wheeled Car- Eon to

riage, having Wheels of the Breadth aforesaid, shall pass or be drawn upon any Turnpike Road with more l^n

than five Horses; the Horses in such respective Carriages to be drawn in Pairs, except where there is an r^wne/ied

odd Horse, and except where the Number of Horses shall not exceed four: And also, that no Waggon, carriage* wi-ii

Wain, or other Four Wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of Ids Breadth than nine wore th.in *

Inches, shall pass or be drawn on any Turnpike Road with more than four Horses; or fix Oxen or Neat in p*1'3-

Cattle in Pairs, and two Horses; or eight Oxen or Neat Cattle in Pairs, and one Horse : And that no Car-

Cart or ocher Two Wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than nine Inches, riages ncMo be

shall pass or be drawn on any Turnpike Road with more than three Horses ; or fix Oxen or Neat Cattle towaii m^re

in Pairs, and one Horse ; or four Oxen or Neat Cattle in Pairs, and two Horses ; on Pain of the Owner thin 4

of such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, forfeiting the Sum of twenty Shillings, and also every Horlc whcei^C*-0

or other Bea(t of Draught above the Numbers herein before respectively prescribed and limited, to any rI “ with more

Person or Persons who shall seize or sue for the lame j except as herein after-mentioned. thin 3 j on f or-

feiture of 20 f. and the fu-pernumrrary Horses.

IX. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall take off, or cause to be taken off, *1. Pemlty oa

any Horse or Horses, or other Bead of Draught, from any Waggon or other Carriage, or shall alter, fraudulently

or cause the Distance of the Wheels thereof to be altered, at or before the fame shall come to any of the Horse6ofaitir-

said Gates or Turnpikes, with Intent to avoid any Toll, Forfeiture, or Penalty, for drawing with a ingVeDiftwi

greater Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught, or in any other Manner than hereby allowed ; each and of the Wheels,

every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof before the said Trudecs, or any three or more of before coming t

them, or one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where to any Gate, &c.

the Offence shall be committed, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnedes, shall forfeit

and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted and declared. That every Person who shall drive any Waggon or other Driver travel.

Carriage upon any Turnpike Road, with more Horses or Beasts of Draught than such Waggon or other Hng with more

Carriage shall, on the same Day, have passed with through any Turnpike Bar or Gate, shall be deemed

and adjudged to have taken off the said Horses or Beasts of Draught with Intent to avoid paying the havepaSed'thiV

1 oil Or Duty. any Gate with,

deemed guilty of a Fraud.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Trustees of any Turn- Where it/half

pike Road within this Kingdom, or any nine of them, at any of their public Meetings, that it is imprac- he judged necef-

ticable for any Waggon or other Four Wheeled Carriage, with the Weights to the fame respectively [*2may Jbw

allowed as aforesaid, to be drawn up any Hill or Hills, lying in or upon such Turnpike Road, by the waggons witk

Number of Horses herein before respectively allowed, without manifed Inconvenience and Hazard ; in broad Wheel*

such Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trudecs, or any nine of them, to allow such to *>e drawn up

Number of Horses as they shall judge necessary, not exceeding ten for such nine Inch Wheels, and not 10

exceeding fix for such Wheels of less Breadth than nine Inches, to be used in such Waggon or Four

Wheeled Carriage for the Purpose only of drawing the fame up such Hill or Hills as aforesaid ; the ej Carriages by

Length and Extent of such Hill or Hills to be specified in such Order of Allowance, and the Termination 6 j the Lcngtk

at each End thereof to be marked by a Pod or Stone to be erected at such respective Boundaries ; and the and E*ent of

said Order of Allowance shall be certified by the said Trudecs or their Clerk, to the next General Quarter

Srflions of the Peace of the said County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, Precinct, or Liberty, Q^icicf Allow-

within which such Hill or Hills shall respectively be situated ; and if the Fadts, upon which the fame is anCef *mi certi-

founded, shall, at the said Quarter Sessions, be proved upon the Oath of two credible Witnesses, to the tied to the Gc-

Satisfaction of the Justices on the Bench, or the major Part of them, the said Order of Allowance shall be rerjl Quarter

confirmed, and filed among the Records of the Sessions by the Clerk of the Peace, or otherwise shall be br,h< ns’

vacated and quaflied ; and from and after such Confirmation and Filing, no Person shall be liable to any

Penalty or Forfeiture for using such Number of Horses, as shall be so allowed, in drawing any Waggon ^conrirmerf,*

or other Four Wheeled Carnage up such Hill or Hills respectively. and fil'd} other-

wif? to be vacated.

XII. ProviJed also, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear upon the Oaths of credible Wit*

restes, to the Satisfaction of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Commissioners or Trudecs, or of any

Court of Justice authorized to enioree the Execution of this Acd, that any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage,

could not, by reason of deep Snow or Ice, be drawn with the rispective Weights, anJ by the Number of

Horses or Beasts of Draught hereby respectively allowed ; then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may

be lawful for such Justice or Justices of Peace, Commissioners, Trustees, or Court respectively, and they

are hereby respectively required, to flop all Proceedings before them respectively for the Recovery of any

Penalty or borfeiturc which may have been incurred by drawing a greater Number of I lories or Beads of

lJraugnt than are hereby allowed any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 XIII. And whereas great Damage is done to the Turnpike Roads by Waggons and Four Wheeled

* Cam ges, with Narrow Wheels, drawn by Horses in Palis }’ for Remedy thereof, be it enacted, I hat

at (hill u )t be lawful for any Waggon or 1 our Wheeled Carnage, having the Sole or Bottom of the lV.!ie<

Vol. X. U u ot

Particulir E*«

eruption with re-

fpret t > Car-

ri i^c« in*

with at cUuur-

dinatx Nui.iSer

of Hcr.er thro’

deep Snow or

Uc.

NaTcw' Wh :e]*

ed Wj.Yr.n not

so I* J a vn

Hufcs in 1’41'f.

