226 C. 344

Anno sexto Georgii III.

A. D. 1766.

Mcfne Profit*

recoverable.

Mortgagees, on

Payment orTen-

der of Mortgage-

money and In-

terest, to convey.

Tenants to quit

on Notice given:

On Refusal,

Sheriffs to deli-

ver Poilctfioii.

Penalty on

Sheriffs, &c.

not doing their

£>»ty.

Mon*y payable

to Bodies Cor-

porate, &c. to be

irinvefted in

Purchase of

•ther Estate*.

IX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who would be in-

titled to recover the Mesne Profits of the Premisses, against the Person or Persons in Possession, in case the

fame had not been so conveyed as aforesaid, shall be intitled to recover the Sum or Sums to arise from such

Interest and Dividends as aforesaid, by Action of Debt against the Person or Persons who shall receive the

fame; and the said Justices, in their said Sessions, or at some Adjournment thereof, are hereby impowered

and authorized to make such Order as aforesaid, on the Chamberlain of the said City, for the Payment of

such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, as shall be necessary, in order to their being inverted in?

the Funds, or Government Securities, or in the said Chamber of Briftol\ and the said Mayor, Burgesses, and

Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, and their Assigns, shall be quieted in the Possession of the

Houses, Ground, Tenements, Edifices, Erections, Buildings, and Premisses, for which such Monies

shall be so paid as aforesaid, and {hall not be answerable or accountable in any Court of Law or Equity for

the Money to be so deposited and placed out as aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the Tenor, Pur-

port, and true Meaning of this A£E

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Mortgagee or Mortgagees of any

Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased in purfu mce of this Act, his*

her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, on having six Months Notice in

Writing given to him, her, or them, from the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common

Council assembled, or their Assigns, or any Person authorized by them, that they will pay off and dif-

charge the Principal and Interest Money, which, at the Expiration of the said six Months, shall be due

on such Mortgage, shall, at the End of the said six Months after every such Notice or Payment, or Tender

of the Principal and Interest Money which shall be then due, convey and assign his, her, and their respec—

tive Estates and Interests, in and to the said mortgaged Premisses, to the said Mayor, Burgesses. and Com*

monalty, in Common Council assembled, or their Assigns, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nomi-

nate or appoint, in Trust for the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled*.

or their Assigns, to the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and if any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her,

or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse so to do, then all Interest on every such.

Mortgage, from the Expiration of the said six Months after any such Notice given as aforesaid, shall cease

and determine.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Mayor, Burgesses, and

Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, or their Assigns, or any Person authorized by them, shall,

after any Houses, Edifices, or Premisses, shall be purchased in pursuance of this Act, give six Calendar

Months Notice in Writing to all and every the Tenants or Occupiers of any such Houses, Edifices, or

Premisses, which shall be so purchafdd, to quit or deliver up the Possession of such Houses, Edifices, or

Premisses, at the Expiration of such six Months; then all and every such Tenants or Occupiers shall, at

the End of such six Months after such Notice, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the Pre-

misses so by*him, her, or them, respectively occupied, whether upon Lease or otherwise, to the Person or

Persons who shall be appointed by the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Councih

assembled, or their Assigns, to take Possession thereof; and if any Person or Persons so in Possession, shall

refuse to give up such Possession at the Expiration of such six Months after every such Notice as aforesaid,

it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices in Sessions as aforesaid, from time to time, to issue a Precept

or Precepts to the Sheriffs of the said City, to cause Possession thereof to be delivered to such Person or

Persons who shall be in such Precept or Precepts nominated to receive the same; and the Sheriffs of the said:

City are hereby respectively required to deliver Possession according to such Precept or Precepts of the Pre-

misses therein mentioned, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue by Means of the issuing and Execution of

every such Precept or Precepts, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chatties of any Person or Persons who

shall have refused to give up such Possession as aforesaid, and shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame Costs.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the said

Justices in Sessions as aforesaid, from time to time, to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of

five Pounds, on any Sheriff or Sheriffs, or their Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, respectively* who.

shall make any Default in the Premisses, and on any Person or Persons who, after being duly summoned

and returned on any such Jury or Juries, who shall not appear; and also on any YYitnefs or Witnesses

who, on due Summons, mall not attend, or attending, shall refuse to be sworn, or who, being (worn,

shall refuse to give Evidence; and on any Persons summoned and returned on such Jury or Juries, who shall

refuse to be sworn on any such Jury or juries, or being sworn thereon, shall not give his or their Verdict,

or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty in or touching the Premisses, contraij to,

the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and, from time to time, to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the

said Justices as aforesaid, as the Cafe may require, by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, together

with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner-

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted. That the principal Money to arise from the Sale of any Houses*.

Edifices, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased, for the Purposes intended by

this Act, of any Body Corporate or Ecclesiastical, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust*

Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or from any Feme or Feme Covert, shall be paid to such Per-

fons as they shall respectively nominate to receive the same, in Trust, with all convenient Speed, to be re-

invested in the Purchafeof other Meflbages, Lands, Tenements, arid Hereditaments, which shall be con-

veyed and settled to, and upon, and subje£t to the like Uses, Trusts, Limitations, Remainders, and Con-

tingencies, as the Houses, Edifices, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased

from them respectively by the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, in Common Council assembled, or

their Assigns as aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, or allured, at the Time of such the purchasing

of

^.ooooLe

