The TITLES of the STATUTES.

said Act named, to pave the said Streets and other

Places within the said Parish, and to remove Annoy-

ances and Obstructionss.

*4- An Act for carrying into Execution certain Proposals

* made by the East India Company for the Payment of

the Annual Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, for

a limited Time, in respect of the Territorial Acqui-

fitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies.

£$. An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the

first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

tuled, An At1 to continue the Duties for Encouragement of

the Coinage of Money.

*6« An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

*7. An Act to continue certain Laws therein mentioned,

for granting, for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry

Rice from his Majesty’s Provinces of South and North

Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America to

the Southward of the said Province, subject to the like

Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from

* the said Colonies to Places in Europe situate to the

Southward of Cafe Finisterre.

*8. An Act to permit the Inhabitants of Jersey and Guern-

fey to export directly from thence to Newfoundland, or

* the British Colonies in America, Goods necessary for

the Fishery, under certain Restrictions; and to import

from thence Non-enumerated Goods (except Rum) and

to land the fame in the said Klands.

39. An Act for the more effectual Punishment of such

Persons as shall demolish or pull down, burn, or other-

wife destroy or spoil, any Mill or Mills ; and for pre-

venting the destroying or damaging of Engines for

draining Collieries and Mines ; or Bridges, Waggon

Ways, or other Things used in conveying Coals, Lead,

Tin, or other Minerals, from Mines; or Fences for

inclosing Lands in pursuance of Acts of Parliament.

jo. An Act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the

tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne as relates

to the Harbour Moorings of the Royal Navy; and for

the more effectual Preservation of such Harbour Moor-

ings ; and Punishment of Persons guilty of dealing or

embezzling his Majesty’s Naval Stores ; or of Forgery

or Perjury in relation to Seamens Wages.

31. An Act for the establishing and well governing an

Hospital for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employ-

ment, of Penitent Prostitutes ; and for extinguishing

the Right of Common of and in certain Lands in Saint

George's Fields, in the County of Surrey.

33. An A.ft for paving, clean ling, lighting, and watch-

ing, the High Streets and Lanes in the Parish of Saint

Nicholas within the City of Rochester and Parish of

Stroud in the County of Kent; and for making a Road

through Star Lane, across certain Fields adjoining thereto,

to Chathcnn Hill in the said County.

33. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money to be raised by a Lottery.

34. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Sinking Fund ; and for applying a

certain Sum therein mentioned, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine; and

for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this

Section of Parliament.

35. An Act for discontinuing, upon the Exportation of

Iron imported in Foreign Ships, the Drawback of such

Part of the /duties payable thereon as exceeds the Du-

ties payable arpon Iron imported in British Ships; to

prohibit the Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron, and ccr-

* tain Naval Stores, unless the Pre-emption thereof be

* - offered to the Commissioners of the Navy; to repeal

so much of an Act made In theTixth Year of Ms prefect*

Majesty’s Reign, as difeominued the Drawback upon

Foreign Rough Hemp exported ; For providing a Com-

pensation to the Clerks in the Offices of the Principal

Secretaries of State, for the Advantages such Clerks

enjoyed before the Commencement of an Act, made in

the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

for preventing Frauds and Abuses' in relation to the

sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the*

Duty of Postage; and to explain and amend the said

Act.

36. An Act for applying certain Monies therein men-

tioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven

hundred and sixty-nine.

37. An Act for reviving several Acts for preventing Abufet

in making Bricks and Tiles 5 and for indemnifying

Justices of the Peace, and others, who have acted under

the said Acts; and for indemnifying Persons who have

omitted to make and file Affidavits; and for allowing

further Time for paying Duties omitted to be paid upon

Contrafts with Clerks and Apprentices ; for making

forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets,

Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Or-

ders, loft, burnt, or deflrbyed ; and for repaying to

Joseph Glover and John Bill the Duty by them paid on

a Cargo of Wheat, and for allowing the fame to be

landeo for Home Consumption; and for preventing

Parish Poor being paid in base or counterfeit Coin.

38. An Act for further encouraging the Growth and Cul-

ture of Raw Silk in his Majesty’s Colonies or Planta-

tions in America.

39. An Act to permit the free Importation of certain Raw

Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations

in America, for a limited Time ; and for taking oft' the

Duties upon Seal Skins tanned or tawed in this King-

dom, and for granting another Duty in lieu thereof;

for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or

executing any of his Majesty’s Orders of Council pro-

hibiting the Importation of Raw Hides, Horns, and

Hoofs, of infefted Cattle; and to authorize the Prohi-

bition of the Importation of such Hides, Horns, and

Hoofs, for the future.

40. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-

fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and

sixty-nine.

4’. An Act for better securing the Duties of Customs upon

certain Goods removed from the Out Ports and other

Places to London; for regulating the Fees of the Offi-

cers of his Majesty’s Customs in the Province of Sene-

gambia in Africa; for allowing to the Receivers General

of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland*

a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Ex-

pences; for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns,

and Quicksets, in Forcfts, Chaccs, and private Grounds,

and ot Trees and Underwoods in Forests and Chaccs ;

and for authorizing the Exportation of a limited Quan-

tity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg* from the

Port of Kirkwall in the Islands of Orkney.

42. An Act for explaining, amending, and continuing, an

Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend* and

reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now

in bring, relating to the Raising and Training the Militia

within that Part of Great Britain called England.

43. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from

the Turnpike Road at Golferd Green* in the Parish of

e 2 ' Ctanbrookt)

' 1

