A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 40; 87

all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate*

and Cha.ges thereon, and the Charges allowable thereby for raising the said Land Tax, shall be satisfied,

or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the fame; and also the Sum

of eight hundred thousand Pounds, granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, 4 An LoanS| &Cf inj

* Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand other Sums re-

€ seven hundred and sixty-five;’ and also the said Sum of one hundred thirty five thousand two hundred thirteen miining in the

Pounds five Shillings and one Farthing, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the tenth Day Exchequer, &c*

of OftobeT) one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, for the Disposition of Parliament, of the Monies

which had then arisen of the Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues of the Fund

commonly called The Sinking Fund\ and also the said Sum, not exceeding three hundred and eight thousand

Pounds, of the Monies agreed to be paid by a Convention between his Majesty and the French King, con-

eluded and signed at London the twenty-seventh Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-

five, for the Maintenance of the late French Prisoners of War ; and also the said Sum of eighty thoufand1

Pounds remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, which was granted to his Majesty in the last Session of

Parliament, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cioathingof the Militia for one Yearr

beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fixy-four; and also the said Sum, Duties on Gum

not exceeding twelve thousand Pounds, out of the Monies which shall arifeof the Produce of the Duties laid Senega and Gumr

by an A& made in this Session of Parliament upon the Importation and Exportation of Gum Senega and Arabic,

Gum Arabic; and also the further Sum of two million and one hundred thousand Pounds by this Act

granted, out of such Monies as shall. or may arise of the Surplusses, Excesses, or overplus Monies, and ^"sinking0*

other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fundy shall be further appropriated, Fund}

and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied for and towards the several Uses and rurposes together with

herein after expressed, together with the Residue of the Monies arising from the Sale of the French Prizes the Refldue

taken before the Declaration of War, which his Majesty has declared, in a most gracious Speech to his *°bC3ihe

Parliament in the last Session, that he has directed, for the Ease of his Majesty’s Subjects, to be applied to Sai^of French

the publick Service. ' prizes.

XV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup- y;x. out ortho-

plies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be ifl’ued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not ex- Aids in general

cceding one million four hundred thirty-nine thousand seven hundred thirty-four Pounds eleven Shillings ti439»734

and three Pence, for or towards the Naval Services herein after particularly expressed ; (that is to say) for or

towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be s..rrrices jjum-

per formed ; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and’ to be performed ; fpcc.ded.

and for or towards defraying the Ordinary of his Majesty*!? Navy, and for Half-pay to Sea and Marine

Officers; and for or towards maintaining four thousand two hunched and eighty-seven Marines ; and for

or towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year one thousand

seven hundred and sixty-five.

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Ards or Supplies 5.0001. toward*

aforesaid, there shall and may be ifl’ued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five thou- SuPP0,t

find Pounds, upon Account, to be applied by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital "*Kh

for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Support 3nd Relief of Seamen, worn out and become decrepit in the pl

Service of their Country, who shall n^t be provided for within the said Hospital.

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup- 1,4311.171.

plies aforesaid, there shall and may be ifl'ucd and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one Bounty to m-

thousand two hundred thirty-one Pounds seventeen Shillings and six Pence, for paying a Bounty, for

the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, of two Shillings and six Pence per Day to fifteen r'h. N^Vihe

Chaplains ; and of two Shillings per D.y to fifteen more Chaplains, who have served Jongefton board his Uitvvar.

Majesty’s Ships of War, provided it appears by the Books of the said Ships, that they have been actually

borne and mustered thereon for the Space of four Years during the late War with France and Spain> and

provided likewise, that such Chaplains do not enjoy the Benefit of some Ecclesiastical Living or Preferment

from the Crown, or otherwise, of the present annual Value of fifty Pounds.

XVIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup- 174,673-!. 1 so-

pites aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one fJLr5haT|e

hundred seventy-four thousand six hundred seventy-three Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence, for ordn* CJ0°

the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thr year 176c.

sixty-five. 3

XIX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup- $$$'9 *• lcr*^

plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty- 7 ^ t°the said

five thousand five hundred nineteen Pounds ten Shillings and seven Pence, for defraying the Expence of formed1

Services performed by the office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in one jn ,764, not

thousand seven hundred and sixty-four. proved for.

XX. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup- a,coi,6oa 1.

plies aforesaid, there shall and may he issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two 109 6d- to-

million one thousand six hundred two Pounds ten Shillings six Pence, and one eighty-eight Part of a

Penny, for and towards maintaining his Majesty*3 Land Forces, and other Services herein alter more par- s^vk^infcnc^

ticularly expressed; that is to say, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six hundred eighty XA\ of wh.ch

thousand one hundred thirty Pounds ten Shillings and seven Pence, for defraying the Charge of seventeen 60S,13d. 10s;

thousand four hundred and twenty-one effective Men, commissioned and non-commissiont d Officers in- 7 d-for

eluded; and including two thousand six hundred and twenty-eight Invalids, for Guards, Garrisons, and ^CKaittiuiir

otherin 1 *'

