A.D. 1765.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

C. 28, 29. 67

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon Government Securities, a

Sum of Money therein mentioned, out of the Common and General Calli in the Bank of

England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and to apply the Interest: arising

therefrom, towards augmenting the Income of the Matters of the said Court.

4 \T7 HERE A S by an Act of Parliament, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty ™ Geo. a.c. *4.

4 W King Charge the First, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Suitors of the High Court cf Chancery,

4 it was, amongst other Things, enabled, T hat all the Money and Cath then depjftted in the Bcnk, or

4 that should at any Time thereafter be paid into or deposited in the Bank, on the account of rhe Suitors of

4 the Court of Chancery, or any of them, or by Order of the said Court, should be accounted and taken

4 to be one common and general Cash, and should be promiscuously issued and ifl'uable when and as the

4 Court of Chancery should direct, for the answering, paying, and clearing, the Debts and Demands of

* any of the Suitors of the said Court: And whereas, from many Years Experience, it hath been found,

* that there always hath been, and there now is, a very large Sum of Money, belonging to the Suitors of

4 the Court of Chancery, which lies dead and unemployed in the Bank : And whereas the Offices of the

4 Masters in the Court of Chancery are very ancient, and are Offices of great Trull: and Consequence to v

4 the Suitors of the said Court; and the Piofits belonging thereto are not adequate to the Attendance,

4 Trouble, and Importance, of the said Offices : Wherefore, in order to make a further Provision for the t.

4 said Offices, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of cancer ?m-

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament act'embled, and by the powers to order

Authority of the same, That out of the Cash that now 1 ies, or shall hereafter lie, dead and unemployed in the pacing out

the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, a Sum not exceeding eighty occasionsiiy,

thousand Pounds shall and may, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court, to be made for that upon 9c*rrnf‘.

Purpose, from time to time be placed out in one entire Sum, or in Parcels, on such Government or Par- g^ooooi^ojr of

liamentary Securities, as in and by such Order or Orders shall be directed ; to the intent that the Interest the*GeneralCi(h

and annual Produce, arising from the Money so to be placed out as aforesaid, may be applied for the Pur- in the Bank fc*-

poses herein after mentioned ; and that the said Court of Chancery may, by Order or Orders of the said lonsing 10

Court from time to time change the Security or Securities on which the said Monies shall be so placed out ?,u‘tors of fIie

as the said Court shall think expedient. fh°au"’ ‘hes°-

eurities as ftw)]

II. And be it further enacted. That the Interest and annual Produce arising from the said Securities shall, * c*Pedlent»

from time to time, be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* and placed to the ^c!veTani°ac!

Credit of an Account to be raised in the Books kept there for the Suitors of the said Court, of Interest £ "r

arising from Money placed out in pursuance of this Act ; and that out of such Interest and annual Produce the Bank;

there shall be paid, oy half-yearly Payments, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of-England, w* 2001, per

by virtue of an Order or Orders of the Court of Chancery to be marie for that Purpose, the annual Sum of Ann*to bc

two hundred Pounds to each and every of the eleven of the Mailers in Ordinary of the said Court of *VnOr.

Chancery, free from Parliamentary Taxes; which said annual Sums shall commence from the fifth Day of of"

Janttary, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and that the Residue of the chancery, to

Interest and annual Produce arising from the said Securities, shall be accounted for, and taken, as Part of «f the

the common and general Calli of and belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery \ and shall bc «lcv«n Matters of

issued and applied pursuant and according to the Directions of the before-recited Act of Parliament. commenceVrr%n

5 Jan. 1765 j the Surpluj Money to go to, and be accounted as Part of, the General Calli 01 the Suitors,

If the Who!*, or

Part the S j n

to plac-.-a cot 'o

IntrrcO, ih 4,1 he

warned, the

Court may call

in the fame, C5Y.

that thr Siutor*

Demands may

be paid.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That if, at any Time hereafter, the Whole,

or any Part of the faiJSum of eighty thousand Pounds, shall bc wanteJ, to answer any of the Demands of

the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery; then, and in such Cafe, the said Court may and shall direct the

fame, or any Part thereof, to be called in, or the Securities on which the fame shall be placed to be dilpo cd

of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may, at all Times, be paid their respective Demands, out of

the common and general Cash belonging to such Suitors.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for repealing the Duties now payable upon Raw Silk imported, and for granting

other Duties in lieu thereof; for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Raw or

Thrown Silk to Ireland, and for prohibiting the Exportation of Raw Silk from Ireland.

4 tl 7 HEREAS the throwing of Silk ha$, till of late, been carried on to a very confiflcrable Extent p

4 VV to this Kingdom* and has employed many thousands of poor Persons of both Sexes, and all*™01 ‘C

4 Age<: And whereas the Idlening the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Raw Silk, would be

4 an Encouragement to the Did Buflncls of throwing of Sill; in this Kingdom Therefore, wc your

K 2 Majesty’$

