20%

C. 26. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Colts in ether Cafes

by Law.

PoblickAO. XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this A St shall be deemed, adjudged,

, and taken to be, a Publick A&, and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Joftion, and

other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVIII. -

An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited

Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk i

* Manufacture.

Preamble. * \T/HEREAS great Quantities of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets are daily brought into and

See 8 Geo. 3. c VV fold in Great Britain, to the Prejudice of the Silk Manufacture of these Kingdoms v For Redrds

c. 25. whereof, it is expedient that the Importation of such Goods into Great Britain, and the Islands 0fjtrfij,

Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Alan, should be prohibited for a limited Time; be it therefore enacted by the

King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

From and after and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and

14 June, 1766, after the fourteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, no foreign wrought Silks or j

w°rouJht6Silk* Velvets shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, J

or Velvets may or Man, upon Pain of being seized and forfeited, and upon the further Penalty of one hundred Pounds of J

be imported, on lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer thereof, for each Piece or Remnant so import* J

Penalty of For- ed, together with Coils of Suit. • } 1

feiture and icol. v 1

rVT7f 7 And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fourteenth Day of f

expo fed tosie^ 7une* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, no Mercer, Habcrdather, Upholder, Mantw-mata,

exchanged, * Millener, Taylor, or othec Person or Persons whatsoever, shall vend, utter, fell, or expose to Sale, or

trucked, or exchange, barter, truck, or other wise dispose of, any foreign wrought Silk or Velvet, wove, wrought,

worked up, (not fabricated, or manufactured in foreign Parts, and which shall not have been imported before the fourteenth

being imported Day of June* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, or few, work, or make up, the fame, for, in, or

Time)1 ' upon> any Garment, or wearing Apparel or Furniture whatsoever; upon Pain that al) and every such

on Penalty of foreign wrought Silk or Velvet, Garment or Garments, or Furniture or other Work made thereof, so

Forfeiture there- fold, orexpoled to Sale, exchanged, bartered, trucked, ordisposed of, or sewed, worked, or made up, for,

«f, &c. jn, or upon, any Garment, or wearing Apparel, or Furniture, or other Work, and the Garment, wear-

ing Apparel, Furniture, or other Materials, in, with, or upon which the fame shall be so sewed, wrought,

or made up, shall be seized and forfeited ; and all and every Person and Persons who shall vend,

utter, fell, or expose to Sale, exchange, barter, truck, or dispose of, or knowingly few, work, or make

up, or cause or procure to be sewed, wrought, or made up, for, in, or upon, any Garment, or wearing j ,

Apparel, or Furniture, or other Work, any such foreign wrought Silk or Velvet, wove, wrought, fabri- t

cated, or manufactured, in foreign Parts, and not imported before the said fourteenth Day of June, one i :

*n<! ,c° ^bh thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds

Costs Of Suit. of ]awful Money of Great Britain, together with Costs of Suit.

The said Good* IIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all foreign wrought Silk or Velvet, dr j ]

,way be seized, other Work made thereof, wove, wrought, fabricated, or manufactured, in foreign Parts, which after I

*c* the said fourteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, shall be imported into this \

Kingdom, or into Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, whether the fame shall be mixed with, sewed 1

on, or made up with, any other Goods or Materials, or otherwise, and the Apparel, Garment, or Furniture, i

. Nor other Materials, in, with, or upon, which the fame shall be mixed, sewed, or made up, may be seized, and ]

^»nd the Venders, after Condemnation, shall be forfeited; and the Mercer, Haberdasher, Upholder, Mantua-maker. Mil-

wh?fc liner, Taylor, or other Dealer, or Vender or Maker-up of any of the said Manufactures, in whoseHoofe,

fame (hill be Warehouse, Custody, or Possession, the fame shall be found and seized, being thereof convicted,lhalJ, for

found, every Piece or Remnant of such foreign Silk or Velvet, or other Work made thereof, that shall befeited

and found in his, her, or their House, Shop, Warehouse, Custody, or Posseifion, as aforesaid, and which

shall have been brought, placed, or continued there, with his, her, or their Knowledge, Privity, or

forfeit ico 1. Consent, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, together with Costs

of Suit.

Seizure to be IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That forthwith after the Seizure of any such

depoiitra moue foreign wrought Silks or Velvets, or other Works made thereof as aforesaid, or as soon after as conveni- ,

Wwehoufrs* enc^y may be, the fame shall be sent to, and deposited in one of the King’s Warehouses belonging to the

and to be free to Custom-house at London 5 and all and every such foreign wrought Silks and Velvets may, fromtimeto

Inijpedlion; time, be viewed and inspected by any Person or Persons on behalf of the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, or of the

Person or Persons interested in, or claiming the said Silks and Velvets; and the Commissioners of his

Majesty’s Customs are hereby requfred to make and give sufficient Orders, from time to time, for thatPur-

and robe pub- p0fe • and after Condemnation thereof, in due Course of the Lav/, all and every such Silks and Velvet*

|ckiy iuH, after pUbliCkly sold to the bed Advantage for Exportation by the Candle ; and one Moiety of the Pro-

loThtTsft^Bid- ^uce or Money arising by the sale of such Silks or Velvets, {hall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs

rfer, for Expor- and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Ule of the Officer or Officers who fttaTl felze Midlecure

tauojij 6 the

