A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. C. 6, 7, 8. 515

4 sooner paid 5 and for the Second Offence, Four Pounds, with the like Costs *, and if not paid within

4 One Week, the Party shall suffer Imprisonment for rIwo Months, unless such Fine and Costs be sooner

4 paid 5 and for the Third Offence, and all subsequent Offences, Six Pounds, with like Costs j and if not

4 paid within Three Days, the Party shall suffer Imprisonment for Three Months, unless he shall sooner

1 pay the fame as aforesaid; the said Costs and Expences to be settled and ascertained as is therein men*

4 tioned: And whereas since passing of the said lad in Part recited Act, it has been doubted whether the

4 several Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Punishments, and Forfeitures,

4 Clauses, Matters, and Things, which were provided, settled, directed, established, or imposed, by any

4 Act or A£is of Parliament made since the Eighth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, re-

4 lating to the selling Spirituous Liquors by Retail without Licence, might be lawfully exercised, imposed, p0WfTft

4 inflicted, and recovered, against any Person for retailing Spirituous Liquors without Licence: Now in provided and

4 order to put an End to such Doubts/ be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all eftabiifted by

and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Punishments, and For- anr or

fcitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, provided, settled, directed, establifiled, or imposed, by^any ACtJJ^jJ^j*.

or Acts of Parliament made (ince the Eighth Year of the Reign of His laie Majesty King George the Se- to the retailing f

cond, relating to the felling of Spirituous Liquors by Retail without Licence, (except the Forfeiture or Spirituou* Li.

Penalty of One hundred Pounds, imposed by an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty without

King George the Second, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, and for

licensing the Ritailers thereof) might have been, not with (landing the said Act made in the Fifth Year of io^ . ^ m poi'ed by

His present Majesty's Reign, and may (except as herein after mentioned) for the future be lawfully ex- Aaj Cco.il. c,

erdfed, practised, applied, used, imposed, inflicted, levied, and recovered, in regard to all and every Per-13.)

(on and Persons that have offended or shall offend against the said several and respective Acts, or any of .

their, made since the Eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second. bwi.^ndmay,

notwithstanding Act 5 Geo. III. be lawfully exercised.

III. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted by the Authori;y aforesaid. That from and The Power*

after the Tenth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, all the Powers and Autho- to Jtftiee*

rity by the said former Acts, or any of them, co the Justices of Peace and Commissioners of Excise re- ePeacelAf*

speCiively given of transporting or whipping Persons convicted of retailing Spirituous Liquors without

Licence, shall cease and be no longer put in force j any former Act or Acts to the contrary notwith- or whipping

Handing. Persons who re.

tail Spirituous Liquors without Licence, ire taken away.

cap. vn.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Force* while on Shore. EXP.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the repairing, improving, and better preserving the Harbour and Quay of (Veils*

in the County of Norfolk.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Chorles the Second,

4 VY intituled, An At7 for repairing and better preserving the Quay of the Port of Wells, in the County e/*SrIB|i. c. !l of

4 Norfolk, several Duties for the Purposes therein mentioned were made payable from and after the paf- privat. Act.

4 fingof the said Act: And whereas the said Duties made payable as aforesaid have not been sufficient

4 for the effectual Reparation and Improvement of the Harbour and Quay of the said Port of (Veils, which

4 (notwithstanding a great Sum of Money raised by a voluntary Subscription of the Merchants and Ship

4 Owners belonging to the said Town) are still incumbered wi h a conuderable Debt, and the said Har-»

4 hour and Quay mud in a short Time fall into Decay, unless some further and more effectual Provision

4 be made by Parliament for the Preservation thereof: Therefore for preserving to the Inhabitants of the

4 said Town of JVeHs, and the adjacent Country, the Benefit of the said Harbour and Quay, which is of

4 great Importance to the Trade of this Kingdom in general, and to the End that the fame may be cleared

and depthened, and the said[Quay repaired, improved, and maintained, and the present Debt paid and

4 discharged; may it please Your Majesty, that it may beenaCled j and* be itenaCled by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the Duties pa table

passing of this Act, the Duties payable by virtue of the said Act shall cease, determine, and be no longer under the for-

paid; and in lieu of the said Duties, there shall be paid, from and after the passing of this Act, by every wcrr to

Xfafter, or other Person having the Rule or Command of ^ny Ship or Vessel belonging to the Town of cfJe Var,d 1

(Veils* which shall lade or unlade at the said Town of (Veils* upon the lading or unlading the Goods

hereafter mentioned, the Rates or Duties herein after expressed; that is to say, thereof.

For every Chaldron of Coals or Cinders; and for every Last of Wheat, Rye, Barley. Malt, or other New Dj’.ie*.

GrJn i and for every Wcy or Forty Bushels of Salt 5 and for every Twi of other Goods or Mer-

U u u 2 chandize

