The TITLES of the STATUTES.

of the City of Norwich, to the Cha'k Pits near Thetford,

in the fa id County of Norfolk.

77- An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Spernal Ash, in the County of IVarick, through Stud-

ley, to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town of Bir-

mingham,

78. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and

Powers of so much of two Acts, made in the twelfth

Year of the Reign of Gkorgf. the First, and in the

twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Se-

cond, for repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hill, near

Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton,

in the County of Nottingham, as relates to the Koad

leading from Foft on Bridge, in the County of Lincoln,

to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham.

79. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and

Powers of so much of an Act made in the thirty-second

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from

Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Bottesford

and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and from

Chappel Bar, near the Well End of the Town of Not-

tinglam, to Saint Alary s Bridge, in the Town of Derby

and from the Guide roll in the Parish of Lenten, to

Sawley Ferry; as relates to the Road leading from Gran-

thorn to Nottingham Trent Bridge.

80. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted

by an Act of the second Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, for erecting and building two new

Churches, and providing Burial Places, in the Town

and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of

Lane after.

81. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

the Turnpike Road at Hatton, near the Borough of

11 arivick, through King's Norton, in the County of

liorctjler ; and to the upper End of Gannow Green, in

the Parish of Broorftrave, and to the Bell Inn, in the

Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of JTorcester.

62. An Act to explain, alter, and amend, an Act for re-

pairing and widening several Roads leading from be-

tween the second and third Mile Stones on the Turn-

p kc Road between the Town and County of Poole and

I Tinhorn Alt after, in the County of Dorset, to Bratton

Corner, in the County of Sonurjet; and for repairing

and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road in

Brainjhn, to or near a House called For.tleroys Farm

Haft, in the County of Dorftt.

S3. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

S'Iaddon Gate, near Carli/Ie, to the present Turnpike

Road at A hud ft le; and from a Place in the said Turn-

pike Road, between Biftey Alires and North Raw Gate,

to join the 1 'urnpike RoaJ at Skilllcck, in the County

of Cumberland.

84. An Act for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells,

in the County of Kent, to Swift's Den, in the Parish

of Etd inftrnm \ and from Ft ant to P fin? worth Great

/f ood, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading

to Hadleys, in the County of Sussex.

85. An Act for paving the Streets and other Places »n that

Part of the Parish of Saint Botdph Aldgate, which lies

in the County of AlidJdftx, and Part of a Street called

1*1 aft Smith,field in the Prjcind of Saint Catherine; and

for clcanling, lighting, and watching the fame, and pre-

venting Obllructions and Anoyances therein.

86. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Rond leading from the High Road between

Idjotnley and Fat abot Oi.gb, in the County of Kent, to

0

Beggars Bush, in the Turnpike Road leading from Tun*

bridge Wells to Alar eft eld, in the County of Suftfex.

87. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

an Act made in the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of

King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making

divers Rivers navigable, or otherwise pajstable, for Boats,.

Barges, and other Teftels, so far as the fame relates to

the River Itching, running from Alresford, through I1rtn~

chester, to the Sea, near Southampton, and for better re-

gulating the said Navigation.

88. An Act to continue and render more cfFedual several

Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways from

that Part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of

Kenfington, in the County of MidJlesex, leading through

the Towns of Brentford and Hounftow, to the Powder

Mills, in the Road to Staines ; and to Cranford Bridge,

in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook ; and for

repairing, turning, or altering, the Highway leading

from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to-

the Town of Ifeworth, in the said County, and from

thence to a Gate on the South Side ofTedington Field*,.

and also the Highway leading out of the said great Road,

near Smallberry Green Turnpike, to a House known by

the Sign of The George, in the Town of Ifeworth afore-

said ; and for lighting and watering Part of the said

Highways.

89. An Act to repair and widen the Road from IVlftitc crofts,

to the Town of Bridlington, in the East R’ding of the

County of York.

90. An Act for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots,.

or a sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots

Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale,

brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Bur-

rowflounnefs and Liberties thereof, in the County of

Linlithgow, and for extending the fame over the Parish

of B arrow ft ounnefs *, for repairing the Harbour of the

said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

91. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the

Brick Kilns on East Mailing Heath, to the Turnpike

Road on Pembury Green, and from Brand Bridges to*

the Four Wents, near Alatfidd Green, in the County of

Kent.

92. An Act to repair and widen the Roads from Whit-

church, in the County of Salrp, to the Turnpike Road

between Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and Nnv-

castle under Line \ and from Hinstock to Nantwich afore-

laid.

93. An Act for making navigable the River Ure, from its

Junction with the River Swale, to the Borough of Ripon,

in the County of York.

94. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act

made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from

Doncaltcr, through the Pur'tjh of Penilion, in the County

of York, to Salter’s Brook, in the County of Chcllcr ;

and also the Road from Rotherham, in the said County of

York, to Hartcliffc Hill, in the said Parish of Pcnillon ;

and for making the said Act more cfFedual, so far as the

fame relates to the said Road between Rotherham and

Hartcliffc Hill.

9$. An Act for making navigable a Brook called Codbtck,.

from the River Swale, to the Borough of Thirji, in the*

County of York.

95. An Act for making navigable the River Ouzs, from-

below ITiddington lngs, at or near Linton, to the Junc-

tion of the Rivers Swale and Urc\ and for making navi-

gable the said River Swale, from the faiJ Junction, to*

Alsitw

