A. D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. C. 16, 17. 543

Grants, Letters Patent or Letters Patents, from His Majesty, made or parted before the First Day off 1769.

January, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine ; . so as such Right, Title, or Claim, be prosecuted™.1 p?lL,dlced

with EfFe£l by Bill, Plaint, Information, or other Suit or Proceeding, in some of His Majesty’s Courts’/113

of Record at Westminslcr, within the Space of One Year from the First Day of January, One thousand lf.Prpfccut^

seven hunlred and sixty-nine. ... . wahln * Y«r.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be preju^Right of the

dicial to any Right, Title, or Claim, which His Majesty now hath to any Lands, Tenements, or Here-Crown ro any

ditaments, within the Manor of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent \ or to any Messuages, Lands, Land.‘»

7'cnements, or Hereditaments, within the Prccin£l, District, or Liberty, commonly called The Savoy, of East1"

the County of Middlesex \ or to any the Manors, Messuages, Advowsons, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Greenwiih, or

Hereditaments,.and Appurtenances, being 1 he Estate and Possession of the late Hospital of the Savoy, orDirtria of the

of the Master and Chaplains of the said Hospital ; so as such Right, Title, or Claim, be profecu:eJ withs*v°y»

Eftedb by Bill, Plaint, Information, or other Suit or Proceeding, in some of His Majesty’s Courts of not prejudiced,.

Record at Westminster, within the Space of Two Years from the First Day of January, One thousand if pr0fecut?d

fev. iv-hundred and sixty-nine. within 2 Years,

X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That no puttingf’rovision <fcclar-

in Charge, nor {landing insuper, nor taking or answering the Farm Rents, Revenues, or Profits of any Gf inB

the said Manors, Lands,'Tenements, or Hereditaments, by Force, Colour, or Pretext of any Letters d'cmaed "putt;n

Patent or Grants of Concealments, or defective Tides,«or of Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- jn charge, stand-

taments, out of Charge, or by Force, Colour, or Pretext, of any Inquisitions, Presentments, by or by ing fo/npr, or

reason of any Commission or other Authority to find out Concealments, defective 'Titles, or Lands, Te-pkinsprarfAPr*

nerrents, or Hereditaments out of Charge, {hall be deemed, conitrued, or taken to be a Putting in Charge, Qre0^yncrJ^the ’

standing insuper, or taking or answering the Farm Ren s, Revenues, or Profits by or to His Majesty, orLrown»

any of His Progenitors or Predecessors, Heirs or Successors; unless thereupon such Manors, Lands, Te-

nements, or Hereditaments, have been or shall be, upon some Information or Suit, on* the Behalf of His

Majesty, or some of his Progenitors or PreJecessors, Heirs or Successors, upon a lawful Verdict given or

to be given, or Demurrer in Law adjudged, or upon a Hearing, ordered or decreed for His Majesty, or

some of His Progenitors or Frtdecessors, Heirs or Successors, or some of them, within the Space of Sixty

Years next befoie the filing, iffiiing, or commencing of every such Action, Bill, Plaint, Information,.

Commission, or other Suit or Proceedings as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be filed,- blued, or com*

menced* for recovering the fame, or in respeS thereof as aforesaid.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to licence a Playhouse in the City of York*, and in the Town

and County of the Town of Kim Jim upon Hull.

c 1X7 HERE AS a ficenced Playhouse is much wanted in the City of York ; and in the Town and Picamb-®r

4 VV County of the Town of King don upon Hull: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may

4 be enabled ; and’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act of Parliament which passed in the Tenth YearC|aurc ?n

of His late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend so much of an At1 made in the Twelfth Jl"c. 28^

Year of the Regn of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabond*, repealed with

Jlurdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of Parliament ; and for the mere effectual punish'ing such Rogues, refa* to the

Vagabonds, Jlurdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent, as relates to common•

Players of Interludes ; whereby all persons are discharged to representany Entertainment of the Stage what- KmoftoiVupon-

ever, in Virtue of Letters Patent from his Majesty, or by Licence from the Lord Chamberlain of HisHuU.

Majesty’s Houshold for the Time being, except within the Liberties of> Westminster, or where His Majqlly

is refuting for the Time being* be, and the fame is hereby repealed with respect to the said* City of York,

and Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull respectively ; And that it shall and may be The Crown

lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or impound to

Playhouse within the said City of York, and within the said Town and County of the Town of KingJlonV*™ L“trfr*

upon Hull respectively; both which Playhouses shall be untitled to all the Privileges, and subjected to*all£j£™* ^Theatre

the Regulations, to which any Theatre or Playhouse in Great Britain is intitled and subje&ed.. ,n ea*h of choice

PUcs.

C A.P*

