y88

C. 51, 52. Anno decitnb Georgii III.

A.D.

1770.

l‘erfon«ha^»g R:Rht to XXX. And be it enacted by thfr Authority aforesaid, That the Executor or Executor*, Assignee

pendTd °determined by^roCyrirtor in or Assignees, or other Person or Perfoos having Right to the Claim arising from Money expended

fct.ildin* Manfinn-Von/e, ky l^e Proprietor of an entailed Estate, in the building a Mansion-house or Office;., or in the re-

ar. miy, w;thin a Year pairing or adding to the Mansion-house or Offices.upon his Estate, may* after the Expiration of

afr.! Hece.ifr, retire One Year from the Death of the Heir who expended the Money, require the Heir next ficceeding

to the Estate to pay the Whole, or such Part thereof as is due by the Authority of this Act, wirh

the legal Interest from the Term at which the succeeding Heir's Right to the Rents of the Estate

did commence, upon receiving a proper Discharge and Assignment of the said Claim; and if the

Money is not paid within Three Months of such Requisition, it shall be lawful for the Person or

Persons having Right, to sue the next succeeding Heir, in the Manner above directed for the reco-

tteir lucceedinp t ? pay

the Whole, with I11-

terest ;

and on Non-payment

for 3 Months, may (uc<

'Ruleeenacted

vering of Money expended in the Improvement of entailed Estates.

withrefpea XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 1

That the same Rules of Relief a-

Lr. 1 r'ovemlon\\me^ended mon£ succeeding Heirs of Entail, and their Heirs and Successors, of the Claim of Debt, and of Pre-

to claims here me*- Terence in Competition for Rents, and in fubjcdling Defenders to the Payment of Costs, and for af-

one4, certaing the Amount of the Sum laid out, shall take place with regard to Monies expended in the

building, repairing, or adding to the Mansion-houses 01 Offices upon entailed Estates under the Au-

thority of this A<S, as are before enacted, with respect to Monies expended by Proprietors of entailed

Estates, in making Improvements upon their Estates for increasing the Rents and Value of them.

XXXII. And whereas it may frequently happen, that the inclosing of Lands in Scotland may be

4 retarded or prevented, or at least rendered inconvenient, by Heirs of Entail not having it in their

Power to exchange small Parcels of the Lands of their entailed Estates for other Lands convenient

4 for the entailed Estate, and more conducive to the Improvement of the Country in general: For

4 Remedy whereof,' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for

Proprietors of entailed Estates to exchange or make Exchanges of Land, with all and every Person or

Persons, for the Conveniency and Advantage of the said Estates, and for the Improvement of the

Country where such Estates are situated, by inclosing or otherways.

XXXIII. Provided, That not more than 7'hirty Acres of Arable Land, nor more than One hun-

dred Acres of Lands consisting of hills or other Grounds incapable or improper by their Nature for

for which tn Equivalent Culture by the Plough, of such entailed Estates, lying together in One Place or Plot, shall be given

h to bem.ide from in Exchange; and that an Equivalent in Land, contiguous to the entailed Estate with which the

Exchange is to be made, shall be received in Place of the Land given in Exchange: And for ascer-

taining and adjusting the Value of the Lands proposed to be exchanged, an Application shall be made

for that Purpose, by the Proprietor of the entailed Estate, to the Sheriff' or Steward of the County

within which the entailed Estate is situated, who thereupon (ha|l appoint Two or more (kilful Per-

fons to inspect and adjust the Value of the Lands proposed to be excaipbea or exchanged; and upon

such Persons settling the Marches of the Lands proposed to be exchanged, and reporting.upon Oath

that the Exchange will be and equal, the Sheriff or Steward may, and is hereby required to au-

^ thorife the Exchange to be made by a Contract of Excambimv; and which being executed and re-

corded in the Sheriff or Stevyard Books within Three Months after the Execution thereof, the fame

shall be effectual to all Intents and Ptirpofcs; and the Land given in Exchange to the entailed

Estate shall be held to be a Part thereof, and shall be subject to all the prohibitory^ irritant, and refo-

lutiveClauses of the Entail, in the same Manner as if it had been originally a Part of the Estate; and

the Lands given from the entailed Estate shall from thenceforth be held as out of the Entail, and be

liberated from all the prohibitory, irritant, and refolutive Qlaufes thereof.

TMt Act to extend to XXXIV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this A& shall

ail Tallies madein extend to, and comprehend, all Tallies of Lands or Heritages in that Part oif Great Britain called

Scotland, whether prior Scotland, made or to be made, and whether prior pr posterior to the said A& fmdc in the Year One

r posterior to the Act thousand six hundred and eighty-five. ;J

£1685. J

CAP. LIT.

An A & for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for

applying certain Monies therein cuciuioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hun-

dred and seventy and for further appropriating the Supplies granted ip this Session of Parlia-

ments E X.Ps

"Proprietor* of entailed

Xftates impowered to

exchange Landi:

Limitation of Ouantity

to be exchanged ;

Lands contiguous.

Value of Land* ex-

changed, how to bead-

justed, ,

and Property thereof

determined.

CAP .*

