C. 4T.

A. D. 1770. Anno declmo Georgii III.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor and Juf- Mayor, &c. may

tices of the Peace for the said Borough, to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, not- as Justice4,

withftjnding their being appointed Commissioners.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him- aggrieve*

self, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no ^'7ouParcr-#

particular Method of Relief is herein appointed, such Person or persons may, within Two Months after f^*n r"

the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter-sessions

of the Peace to be holden for the County of Devony such Appellant or Appellants first giving, or causing

to be given, Ten Days Notice at least, in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal,

and of the Matter thereof, to the said Commissioners or their Clerk, and within Three Days after such

Notice enter into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, with Two fufti-

cient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide by the Order of the Court, and to pay such

Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter-sessions ; and the said Justices at such Sessions,

upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance as aforesaid, shall

hear and finally determine the Cauies and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such

Costs to the Party or Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper;

and the De.ermination of such Quarter-fclflon shall be binding, final, and conclusive, to all Intents and

Purposes.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of niftrefs not to

Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress ltfelf shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party u"*

or Parties making the same be deemed a Trcfpafler or Trespafiers, on account of any Default or Want of ^Form™

Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties deftraining be deemed a Tref- nor Party'be

pafler or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party kerned a Tref-

or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfac- T *b ,n,tl°*

tion for the (pedal Damage in an Action on the Cafe. ^ 1" [“uX!"*

XXXV. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Ir- Power to teadet

regularity, Trespafs, or other Proceeding, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on Behalf Amends.

of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or can fed to be commuted, any such Irregularity,

Trespafs, or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have

been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave

of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before I flue joined, to pay into Court such

Sum of Money as he or they shall fee fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders and Judgments, shall

be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to

pay Money into Court.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Act or Order of the said Commissioners, with respect No A&of Cent,

to paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and Lanes within the said Borough ,T)iir,oncrj le?al

shall be valid, unlel’s done or made at some publick Meeting, and when Seven or more Commissiom rs b”*c*[na publiC

are present; and every such Act and Order so made shall be entered in a Book, to be for that Purpose p^cecamgs to

kept by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners; which said Book, and all other Books and be entered in

Entries relating to, or which otherwise concern or contain any Account or Accounts relative to the Pur- Bjok.

poses of this Act, shall be produced at every publick Meeting, to the End that all or any of the Inhabi-

tants of the said Borough may, if they think proper, inspedt the fame, without Fee or Reward; which

said Books or Entries, when subscribed by any Seven or more of the said Commissioners, or their Clerk,

shall be deemed Originals, and shall be admitted to be read as Evidence in all causes, Suits, and Ac-

tions, touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That where any Person or Persons shall come Rare* to be ap-.‘

into or occupy any House, Buildings, Hereditaments, or Premises, rated or aflbflcd, or liable to be rated portioned on Oc-

or assessed by virtue of this Act, out of or from which any other Person adefled shall be removed, or

which, at the Time of making any Rate in pursuance of this Act, was empty or unoccupied ; that then,

every Person so removing from, and every Person so coming into or occupying the fame, shall be liable to

pay to such Rate, in proportion to the Time that such Person occupied the fame respectively, in the fame

Manner, and under the like Penalty of Distress, as if such Person so rempved had not removed, or such

Person so coming into and occupying such House, Buildings, Hereditament'; or Premises, had been ori-

ginally rated and aflclled in such Kate ; which said Proportion, in case of Dispute, shall, by the said Com-

missioners, or any Seven or more of them, he settled and ascertained.

XXXVIII. 4 And whereas the Inhabitants and Refiants of the said Town, though not rated to the

c Poors Rates, have immemorially performed or paid certain Sums of Money, as Compositions, in Ex-

f cufe for not performing the personal Duty of Watch and Ward: therefore1 be it enacted, That the Watch an<r

personal Duty of Watch and Ward, now incumbent on all the Inhabitants and Refiants of the said Ward to cease.

Town, from and after the passing this Act, shall cease; and, in lieu of such personal Service, the said

Inhabitants or Refiants shall pay, and are hereby made liable and required to pay, unto the said Com-. J?u thereo^T*

mi (Tinners, or any Seven or more of them, or to the Collectors, or to such other Person or Persons as the

said Commissioners shall appoint, any Sum of Money not exceeding the annual Sum of Four Shillings;

and when and so often as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall have fixed and afeer-

tained the Assessment to be made, the Assessors to be from Time to Time appointed as aforesaid by this

Act, shall and are hereby required to allcfs the Inhabitants and Refiants who are so liable to the personal

Duty of Watch and Ward as aforesaid, and who shall not be rated and aflcflld by virtue of this Act, as

Owners, Proprietors, Tenants, or Occupiers; and the Collector or Collectors, to be from l ime to

l ime appointed as aforesaid, arc hereby jequired-and commanded to collect and account for the feme ii*

such

( .

