208 C. 30.

Anno (exto Georgii III.

County of Dr.

To Cash received of Mr."

Regimental or

Battalion Clerk, or Re-

cciverGeneral,rtJ/A<?Ctf/*

shall be, for two Months

Bay in Advance

A. D. 1766.

Per Coiitr* Cr.

Paid Serjeant for

Days ray from the

of to the of

following — ' — J

Ditto as Serjeant Major (if

One in the Company)

Paid Serjeant for

Days ray from the

of to the of

following ■ ■ —

Paid Drummer 1

Days at six Pence, from

the of to the

of following -----

Ditto as Drum Major fif i

One in the Company)

Paid Drummer

Days from the of j

to the of following 3

Two Months Comingcn-"]

cies for Men and

Two Drummers, at fix f

Pence per Month each J

md pay back the And shall pay back to the said Clerk, or to the Receiver General, as the Cafe shall be, the Surplus (if any)

Surplus Monies of the Money by him from time to time received, and then remaining in his Hands (except the Money by

in his Hands, this A£1 allowed for contingent Expences) which shall once in every Year be accounted for by the Captain

except the con- eacjj Company respectively, in Manner aforesaid, and the Balance thereof shall be by him paid into the

cesf which^s*to Hands of the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Company shall belong, to be applied to the

be accounted for, general Use of the said Regiment or Battalion, as the Field Officers and Captains thereof, or the greater

•nd applied to part of them, shall direct; and the Captain of each Independant Company is hereby required to distribute

tfCh8e2c,al Use to eac^ Per^on belonging to his Company intitled thereto, such Money as he shall receive by virtue of this

o tfic Regiment, . an(j the Money allowed for the contingent Expences of each Independant Company of Mili-

Captains of in- tia, shall be respectively applied to the particular Use of such Independant Company, by the Captain

dependant Com- thereof.

panics to distri*

bate the Pay to their Men, and apply the Money allowed for contingent Expencei.

Clerk to retain V. And be it enacted. That the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk may and shall retain to his own

Money m his use out of the Money so by him received, such further Sums as shall complete the Allowance herein beforfc

o*n si.“ made for his Salary.

When the Ld. VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty’s Lieutenant, or any three or more Deputy

Lieut*. orDepu- Lieutenants of any County, Riding, or Place, shall have fixed the Days of Exercise for the Militia, he or

tie* shall have they shall, as soon as may be, certify the fame to the Receiver General of such County, Riding, or Place,

fixed the Days of specjfying the Number of Men, and the Number of Days such Men are to be ahfent from Home on ac-

are'oeenify^the count of such Exercise 5 and such Receiver General is hereby require-!, within fourteen Days after the Re-

fame to the Re- ceipt of such Certificate, to issue and pay to the Clerk of the several Regiments or Battalions, at the Rate

ceiver General, of (even Shillings and six Pence per Day for the Captain of each Company, and at the Rate of three Shil-

specifying the lings and six Pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of three Shillings per Day for each Ensign ; and also

N“nj?ero^cn» at the Rate of one Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, with the Addition of six Pence per Day

shall bVabfent for cac^ Corporal of the Militia, so to be called out to Exercise, for the Number of Days such Officers and

from Home. Men shall be absent from Home on account of such Exercise ; and in such Counties where there shall be

Re<%hrrrGeneral Independant Companies only, the Receiver General of each such respective County shall issue and pay to

to iflbe there- the Captains of the Independant Companies, at the Rate of seven Shillings and six Pence per Day for each

OiSc ir/andM Captain, three Shillings and six Pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and three Shillings per Day for each

•7TheEnfign 5 and also at the Rate of one Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, with the Addition of

tal Clerk, arc. six Pence per Day for each Corporal of the Militia, so to be called out to Exercise, for the Number of

Where there Days such Officers and Men shall be absent from Home on account of such Exercise ; and the said Regi-

J”11 £fl»dcPfn- mental or Battalion Clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay the Proportion of Pay belonging to each

the'Re-” Captain of the said Regiments or Battalions, the Proportion of Pay belonging to each Captain, and like wife

eeiTer General i« the pay belonging to their respective Companies.

to issue pay to the Captalpt, according to the Rate here let down. Clerk to pay over the Money to the respecthre Captain*.

/

5

VII. And

