*9°

*ml Wells to be

in pivftr

Places.

■Names of

Streets, Sec. to

be affixed on the

Corner Houses.

Signs, &c. to be

regulated.

Signs, &c. un*

tiled, to be re-

turned.

Steps, See. pro

Jedting too far,

lo be removed.

Pavements in

other Streets,

how to be re-

paired.

C. 24. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

often as thereshall lie Occasion, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them,’

shall direct; and to defray the Expences thereof out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XLIII. And be ic further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That jt shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Commissioners or any five or more of them, to erc£t Porters Blocks or Rests; and to cause to be

dug and funk, in such Place or Places in the said Streets or Lancs, or in any Street, Lane, Court, Yard,

Alley, Pafljge, cr Place, adjoining, any Well or Wells; and also to erect any Pump or Pumps on or

near the fame; and also to remove or alter any Pump row (landing in the said Streets or Lanes, for the

Purpose of watering the said Streets or Lanes, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any five or

more of them, shall direct. ' t

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five

or more of them, may order and direct the Houses within the said Streets and Lane?, and within the said

Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places, cr any of them, to be numbered with Figures placed of

painted on the Doois thereof, or in such other Part of the said Houses respe^tively as they the said Com-

missioners, or any five or more of them, shall think proper 5 and may also order and direct to be engraved,

painted, or otherwise described, on a conspicuous Part of some House, or other Building, at or near the

End or Corner of each Street, Lane, Coucr, Yard, Alley, Pafia^e, or Place, adjoining to, or being neat',

the said Streets or Lanes hereby directed to be regulated respectively, the Names by which such respective

Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Alley, Passage, or Place, so adjoining, is usually or properly called or known;

and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or malic iously destroy, injure, obliterate, or deface, any such

Number, Figure, Name, or Description, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the fame to be done,

and {hall'be convicted thereof by his or her own Confession, or by the Oath of one or mote credible Wit-

nefs or Wimefles, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said Town and

Places, which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to administer; every such Per-

Ibn so offending shall, for every such Oifence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shilling?.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Monday

next after the patting of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall cause all Signs,

which then, or at any Time after, shall be placed or hung in any Part or Parts of the said Streets and Lane.y

to be fixed or placed on the Fronts of such Houses respectively where to the fame shall belong; and allb

shall and may cause all Sign Irons, Polls, Boards, Gutters, or other Things, occasionin$» any Obstruction

or Annoyance in the said Streets, to be removed or altered in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or'

any five or more of them, shall think most proper and convenient; and that for the future, all Signs, Boards,

Spouts, or Gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings,

whereunto they respectively belong, and not otherwise: And if any Person or Persons shall, at?nyTime

hereafter, hang, place, crest, or build, any Sign, Sign Post or Iron, Board, Spout, or Gutter, or cause

the fame to be done, in any other Manner than as aforesaid, or shall in any Manner occasion any In-

croachment or Annoyance in the said Streets or Lanes; every such Person shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any, or any

Part of any such Sign, Sign Iron or Post, Board, Gutter, or Spout, shall remain unused after the Altera-

tion made thereto, as before directed, the fame shall be returned to, and be the Property of, the Person to

whom the fame belonged before such Removal or Alteration.

4 XLVII. And whereas the said Streets and I^anes are, in some Parts thereof, greatly obstructed and

c made dangerous to Foot Passengers, by Steps being brought out from Houses, Steps and Dv>ors going down

4 into Cellars, Vaults, and other Places, and by Shew Glafies, Shew Boards, or other Matters or Things

4 projecting from Shops or Houses, over and beyond the Area belonging to such Houses, or into the Foot-

4 ways be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Mon*

day after the patting of this Act, all such Steps, projecting into the Foot-ways of the said Streets and Lanes,

and all Steps and Doors going down out of the Foot-ways into any Cellars, V atilts, or other Places belonging

to any House, Shop, Warehouse, or Tenement, as likewise all Shew Glasses or Shew Boards projecting

over and beyond the Areas, or into the Foot-ways, and all and every other Material, Matter, or Thing,

belonging to any House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, or other Building, which cause oV occasion any

Nuisance, Annoyance, Incroachmenf, or Obstruction, in the said Streets or Lanes, or either of them

(either in the Foot or Carriage-way thereof) shall be, at the Expence of the said Commissioners, from

time to time, removed, fixed, placed, or altered, in such Manner and Form as shill be approved of by the

said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or their Surveyor by their Direction.

4 XLVIII. And whereas the paving all the Streets and Lancs comprised within the Limits of this Act

4 will necessarily require a Course of Time, and the Pavements of many Place* continue very bad and

4 dangerous, and the present Method of presenting these Inconveniencies by the Lect-juries is often attend-

4 ed with great Delays: And whereas it is apprehended, that if Power was given to the Commissioners for

4 executing this Act to remedy these Difefts, the fame would be of publick Utility be it therefo:e

enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surveyor to the fiid Commissioners, or any other Person or

Persons appointed by them, shall, as often as he or they is or are directed by the said Commissioners, or ary

five or more of them, view the State and Condition of the said Streets Lai.es, and other Passages, within

the Parishes and Places aforesaid, and all Nuisances, Defeats, and Wants of Repair, and to present the

fame to the said Commissioners in their respective Divisions upon Oath; which Oath they, or any five or

more of them, are hereby impowered to administer; and the said Commissioners, or any five or more of

of them, shall thereupon fend Notice in Writing, to the House or Houses, or other Buildings or Tenements

where such Nuisance or Defeat shall be, requiring the fame to be removed or amended within fourteen Days

