A. D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. C. 32. 609"

of such Rates, Assessments, and Tolls respe#ively, to any Person or Persons th&t shall advance or lend

their Monies thereon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums that shall be borrowed, and the In-

terest thereof, as aforesaid; and Copies of all such Alignments and Conveyances shall be entered in a

Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners ; and Assignmentimay

$11 and every Person and Persons to whom any such Alignment shall be made as aforesaid, is and are be tianskrrc*.

hereby impowered, from Time to Time, by Assignment under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to be

inaorfed on the Back of his, her, or their Securities, or by any other Writing or Writings under his

or their Hand or Hands, and Seal or Seals* which' shall be executed in the Presence of T wo or more

credible Witnesses, to aflien over or transfer his, her, or their Right to the Principal and Interest Money

thereby fectired, to any rerfon or Persons whomsoever; all which Assignments or Transfers shall be

produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, who

shall cause an Entry to be made of such Assignment, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and

Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned and transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept

for entering the said Original Assignments, and which said Book or Books shall and may, at all seasona-

hie Times, be perused and inspe#cd without any Fee or Reward ; and after such Entry made, such Af-

signcnent or Transfer shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Af-

signs to the Benefit thereof* and the Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign and

transfer again, and so toties auoties ; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made

such Alignment or Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or any Monies thereon

due.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted* That after the First Meeting no Money shall be borrowed Notice to be gi-

upon the Credit of this A#, unless Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in some publick News Paper, ven of borrowing

and also fixed upon the said Turnpike Gates, specifying the Time ana Place of the Meeting of the faidMun t'*

Commissioners for that Purpose, and the Sum and Sums of Money to be from Time to Time borrowed

thereon.

XLII. And be it further cna#ed by the Authority aforesaid, That no Preference shall be given to any

Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this A#, in r'efpe# of the ah CreHitorc t®

Priority of advancing such Sum or Sums; but that all Persons to whom any Mortgages or Assignments be deemed equal

shall be made as aforesaid, shall, in proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned, be Creditors in

equal Degree one with another.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Monies raised or col!e#ed by Monies raifrd,

virtue of this A#, shall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the said Commissioners, and the fame shall vested in the

be applied for the Purposes of this A#, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever. CorrmUTioncrg

XLIVf. Provided always* and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Charges and^rthil

F.xpences of procuring and passing this A#, shall be paid out of the First Monies which shall be raised chj^ of pair-

by virtue of this A61. ~ ing this Althow

• XbV, And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any J®

Fifteen or more of them* for widening the said Streets and Lanes, or any Passage or Avenue leading into the

or through the fame* for making and completing the said new intended Road* to purchase or contract for,ew

the Purchase of any Mofluage or Messuages. Lands, Grounds, or Tenements* and to pay for the fame

out of the Rates* Assess'ments, and Tolls by this A# granted, or to be borrowed on the Credit thereof;

and that it shall be lawful for all Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and

»U Manner of proper Person or Persons, and Parties any way interested in such Meflu ages. Lands,

Grounds, or Tenements so contracted for or agreed to be sold, whether Infants or of full Age, or other-

wife* to make Conveyances thereof; which Conveyances, when made, shall be valid and effectual to all

Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all such Penons so conveying, are and shall be indemnified for

what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this A#.

XLVI. 4 And whereas the Trustees of Chatham Chejl hold several Lands and Grounds of the Hospital

c of Spirit Barthchnuvj in Chatham aforesaid, by Lease for Term of Years, or for Lives, or other Estate

* determinable upon One or more Lives, through which the said Road is intended to pass, and Doubts

4 may arise touching the Sale of any Part of such Lands and Grounds for making the said Road be it

enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees of Chatham CheJlTt*J*

aforesaid, and for the Master, Governors, or Brethren of the said Hospital, and they arc hereby respectively^ t^t

authorised and impowered to treat with the said Commissioners, or any Fifteeen or more of them, for the

Sale of* so much of the said Lands and Grounds as shall be necessary for making the said Road through Uo4*.

or over the fame, and to make and execute proper Conveyances thereof for that Purpose; and the Mo-

ney agreed to be paid for the Piirchafc of such Lands and Grounds dial! be paid by the said Commission-

ers, or by such Person or Persons as they, or any Fifteen or more of them, shall for that Purpose dire# i

or appoint, to the Trustees of Chatham Chejl aforesaid, for the Use of the said Chejl % and to the Master,

Governors, or Brethren of the said Hospital* for the Use of the said Hospital* in such Shares and Pro-

portions as shall be agreed upon between the said Trustees and the Master, Governors, or Brethren

aforesaid; and in Cafe the-Trustees of the said Chejl, and the Master, Governors, or Brethren of the

Taid Hospital shall not agree about the Division of the said Purchase-money, it shall and may be lawful

to and for the said Commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, to hear the Parties interested in the

laid Lands and Grounds, and to apportion and divide the Purchase-mcney for the fame between the said

Vol* X. 4 I TruiUet;

