A. P. 1767, Anno septimo Georgii III. C. C7. 299

trick Fairley, two Acres, one Rood, thirty-six Falls, and ten EMs, to Alexander Hunter; and two Acres,

three Roods, twenty-four Falls, and thirty-two Ells, feued to LaucLLvi lluiter: And like wife the follow-

ing two Parcels of Land, which, by Conl’ent of the Proprietors, arc to be included within the said Royal-1

tv; videlicet, Eleven Acres, and Half an Acre, of the Lands of Broughton, belonging to the Heirs of George

Drummond Esquire, deceased; and (even Acres, three Roods, and twenty Falls, Part of the Lands of

Broughton Parks, belonging to the Governors of George Her riot's Hospital: And that the said Magistrates

and Town Council, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of */«//*, in the Year of our Lord one thou-

sand seven hundred and sixty-seven, shall have and enjoy the fame Rights, Privileges, and Jurisdictions,

over the said Grounds hereby annexed to and comprehended in the said Royalty, as they <:o now enjey and

excrcile over and within the Limits of the present Royalty, determined by any Lav/, Statute, or established Custom ;

and shall, and they are hereby impowered to levy the lame Maills, Duties, Customs, and other Taxations,

within these annexed Grounds, in the fame Maimer, and by such Actions at Law, as the said Magistrates

and Town Council arc intitled to life, by any Law, Statute, or otherwise, within the present Royalty, for

Recovery of such Maills, Duties, Customs, and Taxations, as aforesaid.

11. And whereas several Parcels of the Lands feued out as aforefidd by the Governors of George Herriot's Certain LarHs

f Burdens and Taxations, so long as they shall continue to be ukd and occupied in the Manner and for Cit) Taxation!#

the Purposes originally grantedbe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this

Act contained shall be understood to subject to the said City Burdens and Taxations any Country-house

or Offices, built or to be built on such Parcels of Land as aforesaid, in any case where the Owner of such

Country-house is possessed in Property of at lealt three Acres of Ground adjoining to such Country-house

and Offices, including the Areas of the fame, and on which there shall be no other Buildings, except the

Country-house and Offices aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the five northmofl: Acres of the afore- Five Acre*, of'

Ibid.seven Acres, three Roods, and twenty Falls, Part of the Lands of Broughton, belonging to the Cover- "hich Jchn

jiors of George Her riot's Hospital, of which five Acres, John Dickson of Kilbucbo Esquire is to obtain a p

Feu*Right by virtue of Articles of Agreement entered into betwixt him and the Magistrates and Town ano|ut-e

Council of Edinburgh, shall not be comprehended within the Royalty of the said City of Edinburgh, un- be comprehend-

less the said John Dickson or his Heirs do, by a written Consent under his or their Hands, signify his or ed in the Rov-

their Will ingnefs to have the said five Acres comprehended within the Royalty of the said City; and that altf without his

the said Consent be recorded in the particular Register of Sealiness for the Shire of Edinburgh, within twelve Confeftt#

Calendar Months after the twenty-fourth Day of Jnne, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hun-

dred and sixty-seven; any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby fipecially provided and declared, That nothing in this Act shall Rights of the

prejudice the Rights, Privileges, and Immunities, competent to the College of Justice; but that whatever College of Juf-

Kights, Privileges, and Immunities, belong to them within the present City, shall likewise be understood tlce

-CO belong to them within the Bounds over which the Royalty by this AC\ is extended.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That nothing herein contained shall extend to that Part Royalty not-

of the Lands of Caltonhill, lying within the Barony of H ejlcr Retialridge, which do not belong to the said extended to the

City of Edinburgh; or to the Rights, Liberties, and Immunitie s, prcfcntly enjoyed by the Alan igers and "h intl'/Ba-*

Trustees of the Cambrick Manufactures in the Lands of Piecardy before mentioned; all which Rights, Li- r0ny of Wcfler

berties, and Immunities, are hereby cxprcfily saved and ftlcrved to the said Managers and Trustees; any RcrtaliiJgc, Set,

T hing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff of Mid-

Sheriff of the County of AUd-Lctbimi, and he is hereby impowered and required, upon Application of the Lolh,/in to au

Lord Provost, Magiltrates, and Council of the said City of Edinburgh, to ascertain and set off the exact Eoun^ric^

Limits and Boundaries of the aforesaid Grounds above described, agreeable to the Charters and Infeftments 1

granted to the Proprietors of the said Grounds, and that in a summury Manner.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby emitted and declared, 'That it may and shall be lawful for any Personsspgriev-

Person who apprehends himself aggrieved by the Determin \tion of the said Sheriff of the County of Mid- may arre*l to

Lothian, to apply for Redress to the Lords of Council and Session, either by Advocation, Sufpcnsion,

or ordinary Action, within twelve Calendar Months after hi- Determination; and failing of any Inch /\p- an

plication for Relief within the Time afoicfaid, then the Order and Determination of the said Sheriff is

and shall be final.

VIII. Provider! always, and it is hereby declared, That it shall be competent for the Sheriff of the Sheriff and Juf-

'County

Juri

com

to tns contrary notv/ithllanding. annexed.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enatted and declared. That all Sea fine*. Renunciations an J &c. to

RtverfWs of Land?, and other Subjects, lying within the I imits hereby ar.nexed to and comprehended bcrejiiUrci.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, Imt it IhnII be competent for the Sheriff of the Sheriff and j

antv of Mid-Loti dan, and the Justices of the Peace for the find County, to exercise the fame Powers and tltei of Mtd-

iluicEons within the fai l Lands hereby annexed to and comprehended within the said Royalty, n3 are

ipetent to the said Sheriff and Justices of the Peace within the present Royalty; any Thing in this Att oxer the Lan

exer-

ion

Lands

in the Lid Royalty, shall be rcghlered in the particular Kcgifler of Scalincs, Renunciations, and Rever-

fions, kept at Edinburgh, for the Sheriffdoms of Edinburgh, Linlithgow, Haddington, and Bathgate, as they

^refentiy arc in uiejto be registered there; any Thing to the contrary in this> Att notwiihftamfing.

X. Aral be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the find Magistrates and Town Conn- Stent Makers co

ell of the City of Edinburgh shall have full Power to appoint Stent Mailers to levy fiom the Proprietors lcxx lhcCtf#»

Qai 3 and *c*

