A. D. 1765.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

C. 27.

65

Consent of one half Part of the fald Council 5 and that the said Regent for the time being, either with or ordiflblve the

without the Consent of the said Council of Regency, shall not give, or have Power to give, the Royal

Assent to any Bill or Bills in Parliament, for repealing, changing, or in any Respect varying from the com^t ofCthe

Order and Courfeof Succession to the Crown of this Realm, as the fame stands now established in the Majority of the

iljuftrious House of Hanover, by the said Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, Council r Nor

(intituled. An Act for the further Limitation of the Crowny and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the m*y the Regent

Subject) or to any Act for repealing or altering the Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King 5frem to^n^1

Charles the Second, (intituled, An Act for the Uniformity of Publick Prayersy and Admhujlration of Sacra- A^for akmng

ments, and other Rites and Ceremonies \ and for establishing the Form of making, ordainingy and confecratingy the Succession to

Bishopsy Priefisy and Deconsy in the Church of England; or one Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of the Crown, as

Queen Anne made in Scotland, (intituled. An. Act for securing the Protestant Religion and Prcjbyterian Church established by

Govemmtflt.) '

or altering the Act of 13 Car. II. or off Ann*.

XVIT. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Archbishop of Members who

Canterbury, or any other Person appointed by this Act to be of the said Council of Regency, in virtue or »ppwntedof

by reason of his Dignity or Office, shall continue no longer of the said Council than he shall continue in vinueo^their *1

such his said Dignity or Office^ and his Successor in such Dignity or Office shall become one of the said pjgnity or of-

Council; and that the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, or first Commissioner of the Custody of the fice, are to be no

Great Seal for the time being, the Lord Treasurer or first Commissioner of the Treasury for the time being, longer of the

the Lord President of the Council for the time being, the Lord Privy Seal for the time being, the Lord Council, than

High-Admiral or first Commissioner of the Admiralty for the time being, and the two Principal Secretaries Digni^or1

of State for the time being, so appointed to be of the said Council of Regency by this Act, fhalPcontinue in office. Great

their said respective Offices, after such Descent of the Crown to any of the Children of his Majesty, Officers of State

during the Time that such King or Queen shall respectively remain under the Age of eighteen Years, as appointed of the

well after as before the Expiration of six Months from the Time of such Descent, unless removed by the Cou?c,» arc *°.

laid Regent for the time being, with the Consent of a major Part* of the whole Council of Regency then in offices^i'ncafe*

being, and in Great Britain9 in case there shall then be an unequal Number in Great Britain; and if the of the Descent

Number then in Great Britain shall be an equal Number, then with the Consent of one half Part of the said of the Crown

Council; or upon the Address of both Houses of Parliament, in whichjatter Cafe the said Regent for the dur!°g f“ch Ml-

fime being alone may remove any of the said Officers against whom fuqh Address shall be presented. Momh* after

uolefs removed by Content of the Majority of the Council $ or upon Address of both Houses of Parliament*

XVin. Provided nevertheless, That the Archbishop of Canterbury for the time being, and the Lord

ChiefJustice of the Court of King'sot Queen's Bench for the time being, notwithstanding their remaining in

such Dignity and Office respectively, may be removed from being of the Council, of Regency by the said

Regent for the. time being, with the Consent of the major Partofthe Council of Regency then in being, and in

Great Britain, in case there shall then be an unequal Number in Great Britain; and if the Number then in

Great Britain shall be an equal Number, then with the Consent of one half Part of the said Council; or

upon the Address of both Houses of Parliament; and that any other of the Members of the said. Council not

so appointed in virtue or by reason of their Dignities or Offices, may be removed likewifeby the said Regent

for the time being, with the like Consent; or upon the Address of both Houses of Parliament; and within

two Calendar Months after such Descent of the Crown as aforesaid, in case any Vacancy or Vacancies

of any of the said Offices shall happen then to be, and within the Space of two Calendar Months after

every Vacancy which shall happen by Means of such Removal, or by the Death or Resignation of any

Member of the said Council of Regency, or by any such Member’s succeeding to the Office of Regent,

or by the Death of either of their said Royal Highnesses Prince Henry Freder.icky and Prince Frederick

JVtUiamy under the Age of twenty-one Years, the said Regent for the time being shall and is required, with

the Consent of the Council of Regency, or the major Part of those present, not being less than five, to

fill up such Vacancy by the appointment of a new Officer, where the Vacancy happens by the Death,

Removal, or Resignation, of one of the Members of the said Council so appointed in virtue or by reason

of his Dignity or Office; or by the Appointment of a new Member of the said Council, being a natural-

born Subject of this Realm, where the Vacancy happens by the Death or Removal, or Resignation of any

Member, not being one of the Officers named in this Act, or by any such Member’s succeeding to the

Office of Regent, or by the Death of either of their said Royal Highnesses Prince Henry Fredericky and

Prince Frederick IVilliamy under the Age of twenty-one Years, or by the Resignation or Removal of the

Archbishop of Canterbury, or of the Lord Chief Justice of the King's or Queen s Bench, from being of the

laid Council of Regency.

Archbishop of

Canterbury and

Lord Chief Juf-

tice of the

King'* Bench,

may be rerhoved,

in like Manner,

from the Coun-

cil}

as also any other

Members who

arc not confli-

cted such in

virtue of tbcif

Dignities or

Offices.

Vacancies in the

Council, by Re-

moval, Death,

or Resignation,

or by succeeding

to the Office of

Regent, or by

Death of the

King’s younger

Brothers, being

under Age, are t*

be filled up with-

in two months

by the Ragcnt

and Council.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That nothing herein contained Rights of the

shall takeaway or prejudice the Rights, Authorities, Powers, and Jurisdictions, of the Privy Council; but Privy Council

the said Regent for the time being shall have full Power to summon and hold, or to cause the fame to be rf1(t"cd ’ JTd

summoned and holden, in the usual Manner; and any of the Members of the said Council of Regency

gnay be and continue of the Privy Council also. mon an > hoid

the fame as usual j and Members of the Regency may be also of the Privy Council.

Vot.x, K

XX. And

