573

A. D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. C. 23.

ceipt or Receipts for the fame ; and also an Order on Parchment (which may be made without any Stamp)

for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, for and during the natural Life of the Person who shall be

so nominated as aforesaid ; which Order shall be signed by the said Trustees, or any Thirteen or more of

them* and after signing thereof, the fame shall be firm, valid, and of good Effect in the Law, according

to the true Purport and Meaning of this Act.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared. That no Person who shall be charged Persons cfcarprd

or assessed towards the Rates to be made by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, shall thereafter 5 <•*-

be liable to or charged With *ny other Rates or Assessments made or hereafter to be made by virtue or in

pursuance of any former Act or Acts of Parliament, for or towards the Paving, Enlightening, Cleansing, nic 41

and Watching, the said Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, or any Part thereof.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend, or be OH Rite* may

construed to extend, to repeal, annul, or make void, any Rate or Assessment made or charged by virtue orbe co!Jcclc‘J

in pursuance of any former Act or Acts of Parliament, which are or shall become due, payable, or in ar-ccrU,n Day*

rear, on the Twenty-fourth Day of June next after the patting of this Act, or any of the Remedies, Powers,

or Provisions, given or provided by such Act or Acts respectively.

XLII. And be it further enacted. That all the Monies to be raised and received by virtue of this Act MonT^m^hc

shall be, and the fame are hereby, vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied to the Purposes of this 1 C

j\dt, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor of the Offences howto

City of London for the Time being, or any other Justice of the Peace for the said City, to hear and deter- *>e mej and pa-

mi ne any of the Offences'which are made subject to and punishable by any pecuniary Penalties directedm c * ,

to be levied by this Act; and the said Mayor or Justice for the said City are hereby authorised and required,

upon an Information exhibited or Complaint made in that Behalf, so that such Information or Complaint

be exhibited within Three Months after such Offence is committed, to summon the Party or Parties

accused, and the Witnesses on either Side 5 and in case the find Party or Parties accused

shall not appear on such Summons, and after Oath being made by One or more credible Witness or

Witnesses of the Commission of any of the respective Offences, to lfTue out a Warrant or Warrants for

the immediate apprehending the Party or Parties accused 5 and upon Appearance of such Party or Parties,

or his, her, or their Contempt in not appearing, upon Proof of Notice given of such Summons as afore-

said, he or they may proceed to the Examination of the Witness or Witncfl'es upon Oath, and give such

Judgment, Sentence, and Determination, as shall be just and conformable to the true Tenor and Mean-

ing of this Act: And where the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, cither up-

on such Information as aforesaid, or by his, her, or their own ConfefTion ; it mall and may be lawful to

and for the Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, or such Justice of the Peace for the said

City, toiffuc a Warrant or Warrants to be directed as aforesaid for distraining and levying the pecuniary

Penalties and Forfeitures so adjudged, upon the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and to

cause Sale thereof to be made in case they shall not be redeemed in Five Days, rendering the Over-

plus (if any be) on Demand, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress. Sale, and Keep-

ing; and for want of sufficient Distress, then, and in such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for

the Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, or such Justice of the Peace for the said City before

whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted as aforesaid, to commit such Person or Persons to One

of the Compters of the said City, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until the Payment of such

rtfpeciive pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, and reasonable Charges ; and such pecuniary Penalties and

Forfeitures when recovered shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Application ca

Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same ; and shall be applied in the Execution ofForisituici.

the Purposes in this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall di-

rect or appoint.

XLIV. Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor of the City of London for Miration of

the Time being, or such Justice of the Peace for the said <City, from l ime to Time, where he or they Rciwkic*.

shall fee Cause, to mitigate, compound, or lessen any ofithe Forfeitures and Penalties aforesaid, as he or

they shall in his or their Discretion think fit ; so as such Mitigation do not extend to remit irore than

One Moiety or Half Part of the said Forfeitures and Penalties in Aided and directed to be levied by

this Act.

XLV. Provided also. That if any Person or Persons (Hall find him. her, or themselves aggrieved, by Persons

the Judgment of the said Mayor or fuftices, then such Person or Persons shall and may appeal to the Juf- mar aPPc:*1

t ices of the Peace at the then next General Quarter Session to beheld for the said City of London, who Se‘llfvn,#

arc hereby impowered and required finally to hear and determine such Complaint or Appeal ; and in case

of Conviction, to issue a Warrantor Warrants for the levying and enforcing the Payment of the said Penal-

ties and Forfeitures by the Ways and Means before mentioned, together with such Costs and Charges to

the Party, in whose tavour fuen Appeal shall be determined, as the Justices in their said Sdlions shall

order anddireft.

XLVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction procffd’n?*

of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to he 4

done or transacted in or relating to the Executionof this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form!" 0

Form only*

XLV'IL

