*%

497

A. 1>. 1768. Anno o£avo Georgii III. C. 32, 6

said Mystery of Merterky and their Successors, shall not be or be deemed guilty of any Misapplication of

such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid in Fees or Stipends to the said Lecturers, though married

any Rcstriction or Limitation in the said Will contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets and other Places, in the Parish

of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, rin the County of Middlesex, artd for preventing Annoyances

therein.

YT7 HEREAS the High Streets called tJolywell Street, Church findy and Part of Kingjland Road, Preamble.

. VV leading from Norton Fahate, to the Cherry Tree in Kingjland Road, and a Larie called Hog Lane,

and also another Lane called Holywell Larie, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County or

Middlesex, are extremely ill paved, and the Passage through the fame greatly obstructed by Ports and

c Projeftions, and annoyed by Spouts, Signs, and Gutters; and the present Methods prescribed by Law

c are ineffectual for removing such Annoyances and Obstructions, and for the proper paving of such Streets

c and Lanes, and keeping such Pavements in sufficient Repair: May it therefore please Your Majesty,

x that it may beetiafted^ and* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament artembled,

and by the Authority of the same. That Sir William Beauchamp Proctor Baronet, George CW* Esquire, Sir 01015^l0I'CI1

James Eafdailey the Reverend John Hotham M. A. Archdeacon, Jdhn Pater [on, William Tyfery John Cal-gmt9\

verty Benjamin Clempfony Thomas Scotty Samuel Scotty Benjamin Cowley, Dirk TVitternoon, Andrews Panke -

many Nahum Crofley, Esquires; Captain John Baker, Captain Joseph Hindman, James Woody John Ham*

mon, Robert Plimptony Simon Forjler, John Afpinal, Edward Lamberty Richard Rutfcn, William King George\

Joseph xNewJom, James Stewart, William Wilson, John Caplin, Robert Parker, William Green, Joseph Po-

cache, John Norris, William Goodman, John Morty Sampson Jejfop, Thomas Chancellor, Arthur Deane, Mat»

thew Ebborne, George Farmer, John Pippin, John Batiks, Samuel Dunnage, Peter Arnaud, John Alarshall,

Benjamin Mills, Samuel Ament, Edward Hutcfinfon, James Clarke9, Joseph Titterton, William Collier, Trill: ark

Manfcl, William Pigge, Samuel ScWell, James Laird, John Simmonas, John Hcrflty, John Marno, Joseph Page,

Edward Broun, John Oldham, Thomas Cooper, Charles Morton, William Clarke, Peter Whit Lock, William

Pricker, Gentl men; John Withers, Richard Nicholas, Benjamin Rofewell, Henry Newccm, James Calvert, .

?arnes Calvert junior, Cadwallader Coker, Esquires; William Feast, Benjamin Barnsley, Robert Rem ley,

ojhua TVilkinfon, Andrew Pritchard, John Maxey, Michael Forjler, William Carpenter, John Arthur, Gen-

tlemen; John Spiller, Thonias Boddingtcn, George Adey, John Barclay, Richard Wainwright, Esquires )

Louis Ogten, William Jour (lain, Joseph Piclles, Tefdale Webb, and William Majkall, Gentlemen j shall be,

and they and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein after-mentioned, arc hereby appointed Com-

missioners foi* putting this Act in Execution: And in case of the Death of any of the said Commissioners, On Death,

or Refusal to Act, it {hall be lawful for the survivirtg or remaining Commissioners, or any Nine or of Commission*

more of them, from Time to Time, determined by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect Oneotner Person CT*> otheri 10

to be a Commissioner in the Room and stead of the Commissioner so dying, or refusing to Act; Tcn Daysch > cn‘

Publick Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election being given, by affixing the

Tame in Writing upon the Principal Door of the Parish Church of Saint Leonard Shoreditch; and e ery

’Person so elected, shall be, and he is hereby verted with the farhe Powers for putting this Act in Execution,

as the Person in whose Place he shall be elected, was verted with.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting asQualfltatton

"a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall in his own Right, or in the Right of his Comrmflionm*

Wife, be in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the

‘clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds; or p >fi‘effed of or in itled to, a Personal Estate of the Value of One

’thousand Pounds: And it any P. rfon, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in peha! n

the Execution of this Act; every such Person mall, t,r every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum ofing u rfotq.uii-

Fifty Pounds, together with Cods of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be re- fitd.

covered in any o? His Majesty’s Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit,

or Information', wherein no Ert’oin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall

Te allowed, and wher in the Proof of Qualification shaft lie on the Perffin prosecuted; and i: shall be fuf*

ficient tbr ch< Profccutor to prove that tTuJ Person so prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execu-

tion of this Art.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by‘he Authority afurefaiu, That no Person who shall fell Nj Victualler to

Ale, Wine, or any spirituous or fermented LiquOrs, by Retail, (hull be capable of acting as a Commissioner l,lder lbl*

under tiris A ft. A

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority dforef.id. That the said Commissioners, or any Five or T'e *nd Pl*t*

more of them, shall meet together at the Vertry Room of the said Parish Vhiirch of Saint Leonard Shore-

ditch, on t e Second Monday after the parting of this (\t\, ami shall then and there proceed tothcExecu- 1

tion of this Act; and they are hereby impowered to adjourn themf Ives, from Time to Time, to meet at

VcL. X. Sff the

