206 C. 30.

Anno sexto Georgii III.’

A.D. 1766.

Application of

the Penalties,

Persons aggrier-

rd may appeal to

the Qoaitcr

Setfnnfii;

whose Deter-

Tnination shall

be final.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Refrrvation of

Rights to the

Frame-work

Knitters Com*

pany.

the Peace shall, upon Proof thereof made upon Oath (which Oath he and they is and are hereby hn-

powered and required to administer) before him or them* by the Person or Persons who shall have the

Execution of such W arrant or Warrants, commit the Party or Parties offending to the Common Gaol of the

County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain

without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding three Months, unless such Penalties and For-

feitures shall he sooner paid and satisfied; and all Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid shall go and be applied,

one Moiety to the Use of the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the

Parish, Town, or Place, where such Offence shall have been committed.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall

think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person may appeal to

the Justices of the Peace, at any General Quarter Sessionsof the Peace to be held for the County or Place-

wherein the Cause of Complaint shall arile; such Appellant giving ten Days Notice in Writing of hit

or her Intention of bringing such Appeal, to such Justiceor Justices before whom he or she shall have been

convicted; and, within two Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before fomc Justice of the

Peace for such County or Place, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at such Quar-

ter Seffkms; and the said Justices, at the said Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice given as aforesaid,

and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such

Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Panics appealing, or appealed against, as they

the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determinatioaof such Quarter Seffconsshall be final, binding,

and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

XI. And be further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-

menced againfr any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or

Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter,

in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, add that the fame was done by the Authority of this A

and if it shall appear to have been so done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants;

and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, 6r discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall

have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given, upon any Verdict or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff, the

Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and hare the like Remedy for the fame, as Defendants

have in other Cafes by Law.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, 01

be construed, deemed, or taken to extend, to abridge or take away any Rights or Privileges which the

Master, Wardens, and Assistants* of the Company of Frame-work Knitters for the Time being now hav^

or are intitled unto.

CAP. XXX.

see 7 Geo. 3. An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the

9OW.3.C.41. Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called

England% for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of Marcby one thousand seven

hundred and sixty-six-, and for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual,

several Acts of Parliament passed in the second, fourth, and fifth Years of the Reign of

his present Majesty, relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of

Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS the Sum of one hundred and fifty thousand Pounds has been granted to his Majesty

for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing for the Militia, for one Year, from the twenty-

4 fifth Day of March, one thounfand seven hundred and sixty-six :* In order therefore that the Charge of

Pay and Cloathing for such Militia may be duly and properly defrayed and satisfied; be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenfof the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That in

every County, Riding, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, where the Militia is

or shall be raised, the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of such County, Riding, or

Place respectively, shall issue and pay the whole Sums required, in the Manner, and for the several UfcT,'

herein after* mentioned , that is tojay, For the Pay of the said Militia for four Calendar Months in Advance*

at the Rate of six Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of

one Shilling for each Serjeant, with the Addition of two Shillings and six Pence a Week for each Ser-'

jeant Major, where a Serjeant Major is appointed; and at the Rate of six Pence a Day for each Drummer*

with the Addition of six Pence a Day for each Dnim Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and also

at the Rate of six Pence a Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Ex-

pmces of each Regiment, Battali'on, and Independant Company of Militia; one Penny whereof shall be

applied for defraying the Hospital Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company,

during the Time of the Men’s being from Home, upon Account of their annual Exercise; and also for half

a Year’s Salary for the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia belonging to such County, Riding,

or Place, at the Rate of fifty Pounds a Year; and also for the respective Allowances to the Clerk of the

General Meetings, and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings, at the Rates following; rhat is to

say, To the Clerk of the General Meetings, at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for each Meeting;

and

Preamble,

Where the Mi-

litia is or shall

b« raised, the

F cceiver Gene*

»..! of the

County is to

issue Months

P^y in Advance,

accord ng to the

Fft-bliihment of

Pay here let

down j

with half a

Ycai’s Salary

to the Regimen

tal and Ba’t:—

lien CLrks j

