34-0 C.4»*

Anno feptimo Georgii III.

A.D.,1767,

•ad 6 Ceo. 3.

amending Turnpike Roads, subject to the Tolls and Duties by such Acts respectively granted 5 as also att

50 Gro.«. c. 17. Act passed in the thirtieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, 4 An Act for en-

4 larging the Times for the first Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees, for putting in Execution certain

30 Geo. a. c.28.4 Acts of this Session of Parliament*) and also another Act passed in the thirtieth Year of h»s said late Ma-

jesty King George the Second (intituled, 4 An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being,

4 for the Amendment and Preservation of the publiclc Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom*)

31 Geo. s. c, 34. as also an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, 4 An

4 Act for enlarging the Times for the first Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees, for putting in Execu-

4 tion certain Acts of this Sessions of Parliament, and for other Purposes therein mentioned*) as also art

5 Ccc. j. c. 38. Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, 4 An Act to continue Part of aiv

4 Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An

4 Afi to render more effectual the several Laws now in beings for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick

4 Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for making further Provisions for the Preservation of the'

4 said Roads) •/ as also an Act passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty (intituled, 4 An Act forex-

4 plaining, amending^ and further enforcing, the Execution of two several Acts, one made in the twenty*

4 sixth Year of his late Majesty, and the other in the fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the

4 Amendment and Preservation of the publiclc Highways and Turnpike KOads of this Kingdom ; and for

4 obliging Mortgagees taking Possession of Toll-gates, on Turnpike Roads, and Toll-gatherers appointed*

4 by them, to account’) fhafi be, and the fame are.hereby repealed*

CAP. XLI.

An Act to enable his Majesty to put the Customs, and other Duties, in the British Dominions'

in America, and the Execution of the Laws relating to Trade there, under the Management

of Commissioners to be appointed for that Purpose, and to be resident in the said Do*

minions*

Preamble red*- 4 \\7 HERE AS in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of

Ing 15Car. « VV King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland

*. c. 7. c trades, ancijor the better securing the Plantation Trade, the Rates and Duties imposed by that, and several

4 subsequent Acts of Parliament, upon various Goods imported into, or exported from the British Colonies

4 and Plantations in America, have been put under the Management.of the Commissioners of the Customs

4 in Eng'and for the time being, by and under the Authority and Directions of the High Treasurer, or

4 Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being : And whereas the Officers appointed for the Collec-

4 tion of the said Rates and Duties in America, are obliged to apply to the said Commissioners of the

4 Customs in England, for their special Instructions and Directions, upon every, particular Doubt and Dif-

4 ficulty which arises in relation to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties \ whereby all Persons con-

4 cerned in the Commerce and Trade of the said Colonies and Plantations are greatly obstructed and dc-

4 Jayed in the carrying on and transacting of their Business : And whereas the appointing of Commission-

4 ers to be resident in forne convenient Part of his Majesty’s Dominions in America, and to be inverted with

4 such Powers as are now exercised by the Commissioners of the Customs in England, by virtue of the

4 Laws in being, would relieve the said Merchants and Traders from the said Inconveniencies, tend to the

• Encouragement of Commerce, and to the better securing of the said Rates and Duties, by the more speedy

, 4 and effectual Collection thereof:* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s tnoft Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

HIs Majesty au- ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Customs, and other Duties imposed, by any

thoriftii to put Act or Acts of Parliament, upon any Goods or Merchandizes brought or imported into, or exported or

the Customs, and carried from, any British Colony or Plantation in America, may, from Time to Time, be put under the

thcCprhi^Co- Management and Direction of such Commissioners, to reside in the said Plantations, as his Majesty, Ids*

Jonies in Ameri* Heirs and SuccdTors, by his or their Commission or Commissions under the Great Seal of Great Br\tainy

C3} under the shall judge to be most for the Advantage of Trade, and Security of the Revenue of the said British Colo-

Mjn prrrmt of nies \ any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwiihstanding.

CoTmilTcn*n to

be refuient there s

iheir Hewer IT. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That' the said Commissioners so to be

regard to appointed, or any three or more of them, shall have the fame Powers and Authorities for carrying into

ExeJutfrrTthe Execution the federal Laws relating to the Revenues and Trade of the said British Colonies in America,

LatUting to'cls were, before the passing of this Act, exercised by the Commissioners of the Customs in England, by

the Revenue* virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force : And it shall and may be lawful to and for his Ma-

and Trade or ihcjeft/, his Heirs and Sijcctftors, in such Commission or Commissions, to make Provision for putting in Exe-

taid Colonies, cution the several Laws relating to the Customs and Trade of the said British Colonies 3 any Law, Cuf-

pwetc^T^such tom> or Lfage to the contrary notwithstanding.

ComraiiTiuns, to mike Provision for the Execution of the said Laws there.

Deputation?, i-c. III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Deputations,

granted by the an(] other Authorities, granted .by the Commissioners of the Customs in England before the parting of th s

•fi^Cuitomi Act, 01 ,may be granted by them before any Commissiou or Commissions shall issue in pursuance of

this

^.ooooie

