A.D. 1766.

Anno sexto Georgii III.

C. 24. 183

Hands, to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or as they shall direct or appoint; then,

and in either of the Cafes aforesaid, such Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may and are hereby

authorized and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions ,in the Names of such

Commissioners, or in the Name or Names of any two or more of them, against the Officer or Officers,

Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that

shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respeCHvely; or if Complaint shall be

made by the said Commissioners, or by any five or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they

shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or NegleCI as aforesaid, to any two or more of the

Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so

neglecting or refusing, shall be and reside; such Justices may, and are hereby authorized and required,

by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person dr Per-

Tons so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before them; and upon his and their appearing, or not

being to be found, to hear ana determine the Matter in a summary Way: And if, upon the Confession

of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnessfes upon Oath, which

Oath such Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward, it shall

appear to such Justices, that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this

Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons; such Justices may and are hereby

authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and

Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chatties of such Officer

or Officers, Person or Persons respectively: And if no Goods or Chatties of such Officer or Officers, Per-

son or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distrain-

ing and felling the fame; then, and in either of the Cafes aforesaid, such Justices shall commit every

such Offender to the House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give

and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he (nail compound with the

said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner

as they shall appoint; which Compofnion the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby

impowered to make; or until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, as aforesaid, or give

Satisfaction in respect thereof, to the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them.

Vil. Provided always. That as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Monies to be raised by virtue

of this Act, shall die, or be incapable of performing his Duty, it shall be lawful for any five or more of

the said Commissioners, though not assembled at any Meeting pursuant to this Act, by any Writing under

their Hands, to appoint another Person to coiled such Monies; and such Person shall continue to collect

the dune until the Commissioners shall, at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, appoint a Col-

lector or Receiver of such Monies; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstandin^.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be employed as a Clerk, Treasurer,

Collector, Receiver, or Surveyor, or any other Officer or Servant who shall be any ways employed by the

said Commissioners in putting this ACi or any the Powers thereof in Execution, fhull exact, take, or

accept, any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards, as shall be

appointed, allowed, and approved of, by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for or on

account of any Thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whitsoever relative

to the putting this Act in Execution; or shall any ways be concerned in Interest in any Bargain or Con-

tract made, or to be made, by the said Commissioners, or any of them, for the Purposes of putting this

Act in Execution; every such Person so offending shall be incapable of ever serving or being employed

under this Act, and shall over and above forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons

who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts

of Record, within lix Calendar Months after the Offence committed, in which said Suit no Essoin, Pro-

tection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any

Time or Times, obstruct, hinder, or molcft, any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers,

Workman, Person or Persons whatsoever, who is, are, or shall be, employed by virtue of this Act, in

the Performance or Execution of their Duty, every such Person so offenJing shall, for the first Offence,

forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second OiFence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the

th . J, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Commis-

ftoners, and they, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorized and required, from time to time,

at a General Meeting assembled, to appoint a Collector or Collectors of the 'l olls, and a Treasurer or

Treasurers of the Money to be collected or raised by virtue of this Act, as, or upon Account of, the Tolls

hereby authorized to be taken; and the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall take such

Security of such Treasurer or Treasurers for the due Execution of his and their Office, as the said Trustees,.

o' any seven or more of them, shall think proper, before such Treasurer or Ties hirers shall be allowed to

cr.:cr upon his or their Office; and such Treasurer and Treassurers shall, from time to time, as soon as

conveniently may be, after he or they shall have received the Sum of three hundred Pounds of the Monies

apprvntrj to be received by him. or them by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, p; y the fame into

the llu,k of England* in the Name of, and on Account of the said Commissioners, and to be disposed

o' determined by Order of the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled

for the Purpofis of this AC*; and all such.Collectors and.Treassurers so to be appointed, shall, and they

ajc h;cby made Jiab;c to account to and with the said Trustees, or any tcv^n or more of them, at a

7 General

Commissionera

mav appoint

Offices* though

not at a publick.

Meeting.

Officer* taking

any Reward,

other than their

Salaries,

or being inter*

efied in any Bar-

gain made by the

Commiflknerf,

are disqualified*

from being em-

ployed under

this and

forfeit also icol.

Penalty onin-

tjyrupting

Workmen, fisc.

Comrr.jflSoners-

t ’v ap-»oiiit Col-

!ccIof sand Tree*

fu.ers ol the

Tolls.

Treaforerto

give Security.'

Money to be

pid into the

B.nk.

Officers 10

atwvuki.

