A. I). 1768.

Anno octavo Georgii III.

C. 16, 17. 459

herein before provided for in the Cafe of Purrhafes of Land to be made for the said Magistrates and Coun-done to priTjte

*cil for the Purposes first mentioned in this A£h Property.

XXI. Provided also, That for making of the said Streets, Communications, and Passages, to and from ftt™ with

the said Bridge, nothing herein contained shall extend to the pulling down or destroying any House of Six- ic widen-

teen Feet in Width, or whereof the Side Walls are above Twelve Feet in height. u,g thcSuccu.

. XXII. 4 And whereas the Payment of the said Tolls and Pontages cannot be effectually secured, un-

c less the said Magistrates and City Council be also authorised and impowered to deepen and th>p the Fords

4 of the said River, as well above as below the said old Bridge, and near the said new Bridge •/ be it there-

fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Magistrates and City Council of Glafow shall have^® ^r^e“

full Power and Authority, and they are hereby impowered and authorised, as soon as the said new-intend-c/c. as the

ed Bridge shall be made passable, to cause all Jbords through the said River, from the East Side of Molendi- n« iind*e ii

nor Burtu> where it runs into the River Clyde, Ind from thence to that Part of the said River opposite to the n*a<ic

House of JStobb Cross (the Distance betwixt these Two Places measuripg One. Mile and a Quarter of a Mile)

to be stopt up, and the Channel of the said River to be dug and made deeper, and the Banks of the said

River to becur, and Ports and Rails, or other Fences, to be eie&ed thereon, to preventany Persons evad- 1

ing the Payment of the Tolls and Pontages giverrand granted by the said A&.

XXIII. And be it enaSed, That in case the said Magistrates and City Council, and their Successors in After the new

Office, shall think fit to keep up the old Bridge after the new-intended Bridge {hall be built, they shall Bridge is

bave full Power and Authority ; and they are hereby impowered and authorised, as soon as the said new- ble» ^arr,3Pcf

intended Bridge {hall be made passable, to prohibit and stop the Passageof all Wheel Carriages, Sledges, or "®r ”°[hee',0^c*

other Carriages, or of any Horses, Cattle, Sheep, Swine, or any other Sort of Cattle or Beasts, over the Bridge.

said old Bridge; but to keep the flme intirely as a free Bridge for the Use of Foot Passengers only ; any

Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the following Persons {hall be Com- Commissioiwt

missioners to inspect the Accounts, Receipts, and Disbursements, of the Tolls and Pontages of the said appointed to mi-

intended Bridge; videlicet, The Representatives in Parliament for the Time being for the Counties ofnaBct^eToll,of

Lancrk, Dumbarton^ and Renfrew^ and for the Distridt of Boroughs confiding of Glasgow, Dumbarton^lheBnd*e#

Renfrew, and Rutherglen ; the Sheriff-deputes of the said Counties of Lanerky Dumbarton, and Renfrew,

for the Time being ; the Provosts of the Burghs of Dumbarton, Rutherglen, and Renfrew, for the Timfc

being; the Bailie of Port Glasgow for the Time being ; and all and every Person and Persons now stand^

ing, and who {hall stand, severally and each forhimself, seised in and possessed of Lands in Property, valued

in the Land Tax or Supply Books of the Counties of Laneri and Renfrew respe&iyely, at One thousand

Pounds Scots Money, or upwards; and Twenty Citizens of Glasgow, to be nominated yearly by the said

Magistrates and Council, and their Successors, in Common Council assembled; which Persons are to bd

Commissioners for the Ends and Purposes aforesaid : And the First Meeting of the Commissioners before

appointed {ball be held on the Third Wednesday of April One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight,

at the Town Clerk’s Chambers of the said City of Glasgow ; and the said Commissioners ftjall then adjourn

themselves, and hold their subsequent meetings at the Town Clerk’s Chambers aforesaid; provided four-

teen Days previous Notice be given of such Meetings in the Glasgow or Edinburgh News Papers ; and

that the said Commissioners, at their first and every subsequent Meeting, {ball defray their own Charges

and Expences. \

XXV. 4 And whereas the Tolls and Pontages imposed and granted by the said Act may in Course of Toll* t«er*fe

uutano ror creating runas lumcient to purcnaic, at the rrice a;tcr mentioned, irom tnc iaiv, iviagiitraccs t

* and Council of GUifgowy the Ground Right and Property of the present Bridge over the Clyde belongings.

4 to the said City, as well as sufficient for the perpetual Maintenance and Repair of both the said Bridges;

4 And the said Magistrates and Council, on behalf of themselves and of the Community of the City of

4 Glofgowy being willing and desirous that so soon as the said Tolls and Pontages {hall have produced clear

4 Money sufficient for answering all the Purposes aforesaid, and that the fame {hall have been so applied.

4 accordingly, that from thenceforth the said Tolls and Pontages shall cease, and the Passage of the said

4 New Bridge {hall be declared to be for ever free ;* be it therefore farther enatted, That the said Com-

missioners, or any Five or more of them, shall have Power, and they are hereby impowered, authorised,

and required, from Time to Time, and at all Times, upon Application to them by the said Magistrates and

Counsellors, to liquidate and ascertain the Costs and Expences of the said Two Acts of Parliament, so far

as the fame relate to the said Bridge, and of the building, maintaining, and repairing, of the said intended

Bridge, as well as the clear Income and Produce, from Time to Time of the said Tolls and Pontages of

the new Bridge ; and so loon as the fame {hall have produced clear Money sufficient for repaying the full

Sums liquidated and ascertained to have been expended as aforesaid, with interest thereof, and also for pur-

chafing of the present Bridge at the Price after mentioned, together with such further Sum or Sums as the

said Commissioners, or any T'ive or more of them, {hall find to be necessary for producing an annual Rent

suficient to defray for ever after the Expences of maintaining and repairing of the said Two Bridges;,

that then the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall direct and allow Retention or Pay-

ment of the said Sum and Sums of Money to the Magistrates and Counsellors of the said City of Glasgow^

and {hall discharge and relcai'e them in respect thereof; and upon such Payment or.Retention, ancTDif-

N n n 2 charge

