A. D. 1766.

Anno sexto Georgii III'..

C.26,27; i-99)

4 certain Terms, do leave their respective Services before the Terms of their Contrafts are fulfilled ; to s»Ceo.».c. 11-.

4 the great Disappointment and Loss of the Persons with whom they so contrail:* For Remedy whereof,ft 3*

be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, judice* impow.

one thousand lieven hundred and sixty-six, if any Artificer, Callicoe Printer, Handicraftsman, Miner, ered to grant

Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glassman, Potter, Labourer, or other Person. shall contract wfth any Person Warr;!n]1 r

whomsoever, for any Time or Times whatfoSVfcr, ind shall absent himself from his Service before

Term of his Contraft shall be compleated, or be guilty or&ny other iviiidcmeanor; that then, and Th ruir»iiin^ their

every such Uafe, it mall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where Gontratt, or

any such Artificer, Callicoe Printer, Handicraftsman, Miner, Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glassman, Potter, >cing guilty of.

Labourer, or other Person, shall be found, and such Justice is hereby authorized and impowered, upon M,1^e*

Complaint thereof made upon Oath to him by the rerfon with whom such Artificer, Callicoe Printer, m<*nor»

Handicraftsman, Miner, Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glassman, Potter, Labourer, or other Person, shall

have so con trailed, or by his or her Steward or Agent, which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to*

•dminister, to issue his Warrant for the apprehending every such Artificer, Callicoe Printer, Handi-

craftsman, Miner, Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glassman, Potter, Labourer, or other Person, and to>

examine into the Nature of the Complaint 5 and if it shall appear to such Justice that any such'Artificer, and upon Con-.

Callicoe Printer, Handicraftsman, Miner, Collier, Keelman, Pitman, Glassman, Potter, Labourer, or ion to com*

•ther Person, shall not have fulfilled such Contraft, or hath been guilty of any Mi (demeanor, it shall and

may be lawful for such Justice to_commit every such Person to the House of Correction for the County or 0 cn ec#

Place where such Justices shall rclide, for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor leis than,

•oc Month. -----7

V. Provided always. That if any Person shall think himself aggrieved by such Determination, Order,Prrfontag*

or Warrant, of any Justice of the reace as aforesaid, except an Order of Commitment, every such Per- sieved by the

ton may appeal to the next General Quarter ScfBons of the Peace to be held for the County or Place

where such Determination or Order shall be made 5 such Person giving fix Days Notice of his Intention c^c»ofCom-

ef bringing such Appeal, and of the Cause and Matter thereof, to such Justice of the Peace and the Par* mitreent) m*y

ties concerned, and entering into a Recognisance within three Days after such Notice, before some appeal*

Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with sufficient Surety, conditioned to try such Appeal at, &ivin£ Notl’ce to.

and abide the Order or Judgement of, and pay such Costs as {hall be awarded by, the Justices at such ^eJj|f,cint*nd

Quarter Sc (lions ; which said Justices, at their said Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given,

and of entering into such Recognizances as aforesaid, shall and are hereby directed to proceed in, hear, sec.

and determine, the causes and Matters of all such Appeals ; and {hall give such Relief and Costs to the Juftfcet •ttbc

Parties appealing or appealed against, as they, in their Discretion, {hall judge proper and reasonable $.and Q«*rt«r

lbtit Judgements and Orders therein {hall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, dTt^mioeVhc

Appeal, and award Costs.

^ 1

VI. Provided also. That nothing in this Act contained {hall extend to the Stannaries in the Counties Limitation of.

of Devon and Cornwall, or to impeach or lessen the JurifJiftion of the Chamberlain of the City of Landony with

or of any other Court within the said City, touching Apprentices* Sunnis

City of

CAP. XXVI. London.

An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the City of London, and the Liberties thereof ;S?« c™. 2*

and for preventing Ofiftruftions and Annoyances, within the same and for other Pair poles therein* «• '}• $ *3-

mentioned. . 8 c *• 4*r#u

- GAP. XXVII.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the Powers of an Act made in the

Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his hte Majesty, intituled, An A:f for •widening certain.

Streets, Lanes, and PaJJ'ages* within the City of London, and.Liberties Hereof \ and for oren•

ing certain new Streets and Ways within the same \ and Jcr other Purposes then in mentioned.

4 TWHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of hfs late PrnmMr,

4 VV Majesty King George the Second, intituled, jin Art for widening certain Street}, Lanes, and Paj- citing h<\ y* \

4 fi~esy within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for opening attain new Stints and lV<tys within Gc0*

fame\ and far other Purposes therein mentioned-, it is enacted, .That the Mayor, Aldermen, and

4 Commons of the said City, in Common Council ailcmbicd, shall have Power and Authority, rot only

4 to widen and render more convenient such and !o many of the several Streets, Lanes, and Pafljgt s,

4 mentioned and described in a Schedule to the said Act annexed, intituled, First Schedule, in Manner in

4 the said Schedule particularly mentioned, but also to design, make, open, and lay out. Inch new Streets

4 Ways, and Passages, in the Parts and Places particularly mentioned and described in another Schedule

4 to the said Act also annexed, intituled, Second SJ:i\iu/e, in Manner in fitch Second Schedule mentioned ;

* And whereas the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, by the said A ft intended to be widened and rer.-

4 derni more convenient, are mentioned and described in a Schedule to the said Act annexed, intituled.

4 Second Schedule, to which the Act refers, and the Manner of widening and tendering- the fame more con-

• vcjiicnt, is particularly mentioned in such Second Schedule : And whereas tho Parts’ and Places w herein

<> ‘the

