A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. C. 47, 48, 49. . 7

Trial of such A£lion, in case the fame is to be tried in London or Middlesex; and Eight Days before and A*!) pve Evi.

the Trial thereof, in case the fame is to be tried in any other County; and the Defendant or Defen- dcntcof JTly Matter* n»t

dants fir 11 not, by virtue cf this A«Sf, he permitted, at the Trial of any such Action, to give EvidenceConU nv 1 lcrein*

of any Matters not contained in such Notice.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for making the Receiving of stolen Jewel?, and Gold and Silver Plate, in the Cafe

of Burglary and Highway Robbery, more penal.

«w HEREAS the Facility with which stolen Jewels,jmd Gold and Silver Plate, are disposed Preamble.

of, is One principal Cause of the frequent Commission of Burglaries and High way Robbe-

% ries; and the present Laws against the receiving of stolen Goods, are found inefficient to deter

4 Persons from that Practice: May it therefore pTeafe Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and’’

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the.

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That every Person, who from and after the First Day of June, One thousand After y . T,.o

seven hundred and seventy, shall buy or receive any stolen Jewel or Jewels, or any stolen Gold or peri0nsIrceivM Jewels.,

Silver Plate, Watch or Watches, knowing the fame to have been stolen, {hall, in all Cafes where ci«>!d ,r s.lver rij-e, »r

such jewel or jewels, or Gold or Silver Plate, shall have been feioniouily stolen, accompanied with knowing fl.cm

a burglary actually committed in the ftcaling the fame, or shall have been feloniously taken by a !ftte a1 a*tcrc on-

Robbeiy on the Highway, {hall be triable as well before Conviction of the principal Felon in such viciiono^pVincipl Ve-

Felor.y and Burglary or Robbery, whether he {halt be in or out of Custedy, as after his Conv iclion l Ions; and on Conv ft ion

And if any Peribn, so buying or receiving such Jewel or Jewels, or Gold or Silver Plate, shall be to be na borted for 14

convicted thereof, he {hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and be tfanfpoited to fomc of His Ma- YcafS*

jelly’s Plantations in America for the Space of Fourteen Years, according to the Laws in Force for

Transportation of Felons.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for continu’ng and amending several A<5ls for preventing Abuses in making-

Bricks and Tiles,

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have been found to

4 W fund, are near cxpii ing: M :.y it pi case Your Majesty, that it n

it enacted by King’s raoft Excellent Maj ily, by and with the Advice a

1 be very useful and bene- prcarr.blc.

may be enacted; and’ be

: and Consent of the Lords

Spirituil a:ul Tempoud, air! Common;, in this present i arliament assembled, and by the Autho-

rity f the I.nnc, '1 het an Act 1: a/c in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty KingGe^v Act n.Cco. L c. 35.

the First, intituled, 4 An/ xct to prevent Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles*, and to ascertain

the Dimeni.ons the:(of, and to p event a t unlawful Combinations amengft any Brickmakers or

4 Tilcu.akers within Hrccti Miles of the City of London, in order to advance or enhar.ee the Price

4 of Biicks or Tics ft and an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His Majesty Ri^g^ceo. II* c. 15.

George the Second, intituled, 4 An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Twelfth Year of

4 HL late Majesty’s Reign, intituled/ sin Ad to prevent Aiujes in the making of Bricks and Tiles, and

of certain the D inrjion i thereof and to prevent all unlawful Com Gnat ions "annngjl a

cr 7iUmakers, within Fifteen A'LLs of the City of London, in order to advance or

Bricks r Tiles; and an Act made in the 1 bird \ ear of His said Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

any Bricklayers

uhar.ce the Price of

Aim Oeo. IT,

and also so much and so n.ucUcf Act 4

persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavit

D uties omitted robe paid upon Cent

cates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery T

ar.J for allowing fmther Time for paving

Duties omitted to be^paid upon Commas with Clerks and Apprentices^ for making fortn Dunli-

ivkvts, Cu‘t;fcatcc, Receipts,' Annuity Orders, ana other Or-

ders, loft, burnt, orckftroyed; and for repaying to Jjgh Glover d John Gill the Duty by them

paid on a Cargo of Wheat, and for allowing the fame to ......

to be landed for Home Consumption; and

f.gned 1

be

such

turned

every. Thousand of Biicks so made i. to be levied, recovered, and applied, in such M,r.ner Mother

Penalties,

-

