^3° C. 34.

Anno sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1766.

-Contraft? not.

liable to Stamp

Duty.

Pariflt Officers

Contracts.

On Death of

Collectors,

Executors to

accounu

DHIrefR may be

Allowed.

XXLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Contract

shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Churchwarden,

not to bare any -Overseer of the Poor, or Surveyor of the Highways, within the said City, during his Continuance in such

Concern in Office, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, them, or any of them, shall be concerned or interested

in any or either of such Contract or Contracts.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Surveyor, Constable, or

other Persons, appointed, employed, or authorized, to receive, collect, or recover, any or either of the

Hates, Taxes, or Sums of Money, granted by the said former Acts, any or either of them, or by this

Ad, or any Part or Parts of such Rates, Taxes, or Sums of Money, {hall die before the Expiration of

his Office, or before he {hall have fully accounted for, paid, and satisfied, all the Money by him received

by virtue of the said Acts, or either of them; then, and in every such Cafe, his Executors or Admini-

strators, or other legal Representative or Representatives, {hall, within thirty Days after his Decease, deliver

over all Things Concerning his Office to such Person or Persons as the Mayor of the said City, and one

other Justice of the Peace of the said City, or three Justices without the Mayor, {hall appoint for that

Purpose; and {hall pay out of the Assets left by such Surveyor, Constable, Collector, or Receiver, all

Sums of Money remaining due, which he had received by virtue of his said Office, before any of his

other Debts are paid and satisfied; and in case there {ball not be Assets sufficient found to satisfy all

Arrears due from such Surveyor, Constable, Collector, or Receiver, the Deficiency {hall be made good by

Reafleflment (to be made and allowed in such Manner as the original Rate is to be made and allowed)

upon the respective Parishes and Places wherein such Deficiencies mall happen.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Person or Persons {hall

refuse or omit to pay, within the Time limited by the said Acts respectively, the Sum or Sums rated or

assessed upon him, her, or them, by virtue of the said Acts, any or either of them, or this Act, the fame

% may be levied and recovered as directed by the said Acts respectively, not only in the Parish or Place for

' which such Assessment {hall be made, but in any other Parish or Place within the said City or Liber-

ties thereof.

4 XXVIII. And whereas Persons may remove out of Parishes and Places within the {aid City and Li-

4 berties, without paying the Rates assessed on them for the Purposes of the said Acts, or some or one of

4 them, or this present Act, and other Persons enter and occupy their Houses and Tenements Part of the

Year, by reason whereof, great Sums may be annually loft to such Parishes and Places \ be it therefore

<enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons {hall come into or occupy any

House, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, or other Premisses, out of or from which any other Person

assessed {hall be removed, or which, at the Tirrie of making such Rate, was empty or unoccupied; that

then every Person so removing from, and every Person so coming into, or occupying the fame, {hall be

liable to pay such Rate, in proportion to the Time that such Person occupied the fame respectively, in the

same Manner as if such Person so removing had not removed, or such Person so coming in or occupying

had been originally rated and assessed in such Rate; which said Proportion, in case of Dispute, shall be

ascertained by the Mayor and any one of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said City, or any three

Justices without the Mayor.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall

refuse or neglect to pay any such Surveyors, Chief Constables, or Collectors, any of the Rates, Taxes, or

Sums of Money, granted by the said former Acts, any or either of them, or by this present Act; it {hall

and may be lawful to and for the succeeding or any future Surveyors, Chief Constables, or Collectors, to

collect and levy such Arrears.

XXX. Provided always. That nothing herein contained {hall extend, or be construed to extend, to

excuse or discharge any such former Surveyor, Chief Constable, or Collector, from any Penalty or

thereby indem- Punishment he or they is or are liable to for Neglect of Duty by the said former Acts, or either of them,

Hates nay 'be

apportioned.

arrears may be

levied)

hot former Col

left or, Sec. not

aided.

Eimiration of

Appeal*

or by this present Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where any Appeal

{hall be made against any Rate made, or to be made, by virtue of the said former Acts, any or either of

them, or this Act, the said Appeal shall and may be made to the said Justices of the said City, in their

General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, as the Cafe may be, next after such

Ra e shall have been demanded, and not otherwise.

Having to be un- XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this

der the impeo Ad, the Order and Manner of paving and pitching all and every Part of the several Streets, Lanes, and

tion of the Sor Ways, within the said City and Liberties; and the Number, Sort, and Situation, of Common Sewers,

ffihiar Gouts, Drains, and Gutters, therein 5 {hall, from time to time, be designed, laid our, executed, and per-

4 yi* formed, altered, removed, and repaired, under the Inspedion and with the Approbation of the Surveyors

subject to th* Highways for the respective Parishes and Preclnds 5 subject always, nevertheless, to the Order and

Direction of the Direction of the Mayor and any one Justice of the said City, or any three Justices without the Mayor:

Jtfayor, Sec. And if any Paviour, Pitcher, or other Person or Persons, {hall pave or pitch any Part or Parts of any or

either of the said Streets, Lanes, or Ways, in an uneven, irregular, or unworkman-like Manner, or use

any bad or improper Materials in doing the fame, or any Part thereof, or fliaM execute any Part of such

Work contrary to the Order and Direction of such Surveyor or Surveyors, or Mayor and Justice or

Justices, respectively; or if any Paviour or Paviours belonging to nr employed by any Proprietor or Pro-

prietors of Water Works, supplying any of the Inhabitants of the said City or Liberties with Water,

shall, after taking up, laying down, altering, or repairing, any Pipe or Pipes belonging to such Water

6 Works,

^.ooooie

