A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. - C. 39, 40. 245

4 tod Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and upon certain former Duties upon Houses; which last

4 mentioned Duties were repealed by the said Act made in the twentieth Year of his said late Majesty’s

4 Reign and it was thereby provided. That if the said Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, should be

4 at any Time deficient to pay the said Annuity, that such Deficiency should be made good out of the Rates Treasury to

4 and Duties thereby granted, and by this A & repealed ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore- n*ake s00*5 ?ut

said, That if the Monies arifin£ into the said Receipt of Exchequer of or for the said Duties upon Coals, Culm, an t£-

and Cinders, shall, at any Time or Times, from and after the said tenth Day of October, be deficient to fluency of the*

answer to the said South Sea Company such Monies as shall be payable in respect of the said Annuity or Du ie» upon

yearly Sum ; in every such Cafe it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty’s 1 Yeaftiryj Coal», Culm,

or any three or more of them, nowlaeing, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commission-#Jd cinj!^rhtfr

m of the Treasury for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and a0-

required tocause such Deficiencies to be made good out of the said Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, ftuhy due to the

after paying, or referring sufficient to pay, all such Monies as have been directed by any former Act or South Sea

Acts of ram ament to be paid out of the fafne. Comptoy*

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any

Time or Times, be sued or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of

this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the

General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence, for his or their Defence ; and if, upon the Trial, General Iffbe#

a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited:

then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff Treble Cofti.

or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act (or railing the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and a

Lottery, to be charged on the Sinking Fund. EXP,

CAP. XL.

An Act for explaining and amending such Part of an Act made in the third Year of the

Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to certain Duties on Wines imported •, for the more

cafy collecting, and effectually securing, the Stamp Duties for Copies of Court Rolls * for

Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert in Indentures, or other Writings, the full Sum

agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants * for amending such Parts

ot two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, as relate to certain East India Goods,

and Bugles, exported to Africa \ for permitting a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats,

Meal, and Flour to be exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the

Inhabitants there; for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Coals, free from

the Payment of the Duty granted by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to the

IQands of Jersey, Gutrnfey, and Alderney \ and for obviating certain Doubts with respect

to the Importation of Oats and Oat-meal, under the Authority of an Act made in this pre~

sent Session of Parliament.

• TWHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, PreimHe, rmt*

4 W intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty federal additional Duties upon TVines imported into this in* Ci.uses in

• Kingdom, and certain Duties uj>cn all Cyder and Perry ; and for raising the Sum of three millions five hundred * ^ Gco* 3*

• thousand Pounds, by iqay of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties ; it is amongst other

• Things, enacted. That from and after the thirty-first Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and

4 (ixty-threr, over and above all Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and all other Subsidies, additional

• Duties, and Impofuions whatsoever, due or payable for all Wines and Vinegar imported into Great Bri~

4 tain, by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in Force, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid

4 unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (before landing thereof) the additional Impositions, Rates, or

4 Duties following, without any Discount or Deduction inwards, or Drawback on Re-exportation after-

4 wards; that is to say. For every Ton of French Wine and French Vinegar which shall be imported into

4 this Kingdom, the Sum of eight Pounds, and so after that Rate for any gi eater or letter Quantity; and also

4 for every Ton of all other Wines and Vinegar so imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of four Pounds*

4 and so after that Rate, for any greater or letter Quantity ; the fame to he raised, levied, collected, paid, and

4 recovered, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways, Means and Methods, and under such Penalties and

4 Forfeitures (except as to Discounts and Drawbacks aforesaid) as are mentioned and expretttd in the Act of

4 Parliament made and passed in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King James the Second, inti- * /a ,

4 tuled. An Act for granting his Majesty an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar imported between the twenty- c. j,

4 fourth Day ofJune, one thousand six hundred and eighty-five, and the twenty ficond Day of June, one thoufandfix

4 hundred and ninety-three, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, by which the said Impofuions, Rates, and'

4 Duties, upon all Wines and Vinegar imported, were continued and made perpetual: And whereas by the

4 said recited Act of the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is also enacted. That no Mer-

4 chant shall, in respect of the Duties imposed by that Act, be allowed twelve Pounds fcr Centum, or have

4 any Allowance for Leakage, upon any Wines imported into this Kingdom, unlcls such Wine be im-

4 poued

