84 C. 404

Anno quinto Georg 11 III.

A.D. 1765.

CAP. XL.

An Act for granting to his Majesty, a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; for

applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven

hundred and sixty-five; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Par-

liament i for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments

in Scotland a Reward for their Trouble ; and for allowing further Time to such Persons as

have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attor-

nies and Solicitors.

MoflGracious Sovereign,

* XT 7E, your Majesty’s 010ft dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament t£-

t Oeo c to * * * sembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully granted to yotir Majesty

40. ° 3 ’‘ in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum herein after tnen-

7 Geo. j. e. »8, * tioned and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted

54- by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Preamble.

See farther

3*

the Sinking

Fund, for the

Service of the

current Year;

to be issued by

the Treasury

accordingly.

Treasury im-

3. c. 30, 'j emporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

9 Geo. 3. c. 34, ky or out of such Monies as shall, from time to time, be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of

2,100*000 U 34* the Surplusses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called Tb*

granted out of Sinking Fund, after paying or reserving hifficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been directed by

any former A& or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, there shall and may be issued and applied

for and towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand

seven hundred and sixty-nve, a Sum not exceeding two million and one hundred thousand Pounds; and

the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Trea-

fiirer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby authorized

and impowered to issue and apply the fame accordingly.

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of his

powered to raise Majesty’s Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or

the said Sum, or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said Sum

by Loan*ortwo m^on and one hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in

chequer Bills, on Manner herein after mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to or for any Person or Persons, Natives

the Credit of the or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Ma-

Sinking Fund; jesty’s Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the said Sum of two million and one hun-

dred thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the said Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, or other

Revenues composing the oinking Fund, and to have and receive Interest for the Forbearance of the Money

lent, so as such Loans be allowed to be madefy the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or

mo-e'of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners for the time

being, who are hereby authorized to issue their Warrants for that Purpose as fast as such Loans shall be

wanted for the Publick Service; and moreover, that no Money to be lent upon the Security of this Act

shall be rated or assessed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever.

»nd to (trike III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall lend any Money upon

Lth OrdeMfor* ^ Credit of this A& as aforesaid, and pay the fame into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately

Repayment of have a Tally of Loan struck for the fame, and an Order for his, her, or their Repayment, bearing the fame

Date with his, her, or their Tally; in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment

of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Prin-

cipal ; and all such Orders for Repayment of Money so to be lent, shall be registered in Course, according

to the Dates respectively; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as

their Orders shall stand registered in the said Register Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Fo-

reigners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who shall have his, her, or their Order

or Orders, first entered in the said Books of Register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or

Persons to be paid out of the said Surplusses, Excesses, or other Revenues; and he, (he, or they, who

shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the f'econd

Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; and that the Monies to come in of or for the said

Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund as aforesaid,

shall be in the fame Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies

Politick or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Aligns lefpeclively, without any

NomvJurPrcfe- undue Preference to one before another, and not otherwise ; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any

ot^er Intent, or Purpose whatsoever (other than such Uses and Purposes as arc appointed by any other

nor Fee to be Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf as aforesaid) and that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, dire<Jftly or

uken; /indirectly, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty’s Subjects, for providing or making of any

’ such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views, or Searches, in or for Payment of Money lent, or the In-

terest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty’s Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on P^m

Trcb^eDama6 m Foment of Treble Damages to the Party grieved, by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit ; or if

with FuiTcoft*! r^e Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also; and if any undue

Preference of one before another shall be made, either in Point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the

* true

the Money so

advanced ;

the Interest

thereof to be

paid Quarterly.

Orders to be re

girt ered in

Course,

