.666

C. 16.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1JJO4

thereto, he is to by Lot; and if the said Petitioners or Sitting Members, or their Agents, shall not respectively nominate

serve.r.such, and a Member then present, who shall We admitted^ according to the Directions of this Adh then the Want of

another to be such Nomination shall be supplied, by drawing oat, instead thereof, the Name of One or TwoMem-

h[api^ce- L-^on as ^a^ require; who shall be drawn by Lot in the like Manner, and subject to the like

No led of Objections and Excuses, as the other Forty-nine Members already drawn by Lot, and shall be added to

nation, Deticien-

the Lilts of the said Forty-nine Members, and shall be liable to be (truck off in the same Manner; leav-

ed to be fupoikd ing always the Number of Fifteen Members in the Whole, and no more, as a Select Committee for the

by Lot; leaving purposeS aforesaid.

ka c mmittce! XVI. And, for the greater Dispatchand Certainty in the Proceeding herein before described, be it fur-

Prev ourotaking ther enacted, That the Names of all the Members so written and rolled up as herein before directed*

Petition into shall previous to the Day appointed for taking any such Petition into Consideration, be prepared by the

Consideration, said Clerk ot Clerk Allistant, and by him put into a Box or Pa.; cel in the Presence of the Speaker, toge-

kWcs^o^thc1^ t^lcr v'at^ an Attestation, signed by the said Clerk or Clerk Aiiistant, purporting, that the Names of all

Member* drawn Members were by him put therein the ^ # Day of in the Year

im® a Box or Par- which said Box or Parcel the Speaker shall seal with his own Seal; and to the Outside thereof shall an-*

ce). and atttiithe ncx an Attestation signed by himself, purporting, that the said Box or Parcel was on the

fj.iie; Speaker to £)ay of in the Year made up in his Presence, in the Manner directed

inertihemikinc this Act; and that as soon as the Parties shall be withdrawn as aforesaid, and before the House shall

t.p the conn hi* enter on any other Business, 'any Member may require, that the Names of all the Members, which re-

kiefente, main undrawn, shall be drawn and read aloud by the said Clerk or Clerk Aifistant.

N of Mem bet* unHmwn mjy t>u read by the Cl-rk: ,

CnairmAn to bs XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Seledt Committee shall, on their Meeting, eledi a

KkinbciT*chosen Chairman from among such of the Members thereof as shall have been chosen by Lot; and if, in the Elec-

b>Lot7onK<)uaH- tion of a Chairman, there be an equal Number of Voices, the Member whose Name was first drawn in

ty, Member fiut the House shall have a calling Voice; so likewise, in case there should ever be Occasion for eledting a new

crawn to have a Chairman, on the Death or necessary Absence of the Chairman first dedted.

aiiing Voue. XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Select Committee shall have Power to fend for Per-

imuowered to fend f°ns> Papers and Records; and shall examine all the Witnesses who come before them upon Oath; and

pC;fons> ,*c. cx- shall ’try the Merits of the Return, or Election, or both; and shall determine, by ft Majority of Voices

im n« Witneiic*?, of the said Seledt Committee, whether the Petitioners or the Sitting Members, or either of them, be

and determine fi- duly returned or elected, or whether the Election be void; which Determination shall be final between

tiierco ^o°con Part*es to Intents and Purposes: And the House, on being informed thereof by the Chairman of the

fcrrnC°or>ait»r'the said Seledt Committee, shall order the fame to be entered in their Journals, and give the necessary Direc-

Rfturn; or itfue tions for confirming or altering the Returfr, or for the issuing ft new Writ for a new Election, or for car-

Writ for new rying the said Determination into Execution, as the Cafe rftay require.

Iledion. XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Seledt Committee shall fitevery Day (Sunday and

^to^’oinnf*6 ^hrijlmas Day only excepted) and shall never adjourn for a longer Time than Twenty-four Hours, unlefe

woUf\hanUa40r a Sunday or Ghr'tjhnas Day intervene, without Leave first obtained from the House, upon Motion, and

H:.urj, without special Cause aflignetl for a longer Adjournmdrit; and in case the House shall be fitting at the Time to

Leave, if House which the said 'Seledt Committee is ajourned, then the Business of the House shall be stayed, and a Mo-

ihen fitting. Bu- tlon flxall be made for a further Adjournment, for any Time, to* foe fixed by the House, not exceeding.

tit ayL* Twenty-four Hours, unless a Sunday or Christmas Day intervene.

i>r furthered- XX. And be it further enacted, That where the Time prescribed by this Act for the Meeting, Sitting*

j mmment, Sun- or Adjournment of the said Seledt Committee, shall, by the Intervention of a Sundayot Christmas Day,

<»ay or christmas exceed Twenty-four Hours, such Meeting, Sitting, or Adjournment, shall be within Twenty-four Hour*

Pay 1!]lcr,vemn5 from the Time of appointing or fixing the fame, exclusive of such Sunday or Chri/tmas Day.

included. XXL And be it further enacted, That no Member of the said Seledt Committee shall be allowed to

Srricft Commit- absent himself from the same, without Leave obtained from the House, or an Excuse allowed by the House

noi to at the next Sitting thereof, on special Cause shewn and verified upon Oath; and the said Sdcdt Committee

absent without fha}l never fit, until all the Members to Whom such Leave has not been granted, nor Excuse allowed, are

m^t«\o°fit til met 5 anc* *n cfefe they shall not hieet within One Hour after the Time Co which the said Seledt

ail,'who have not Committee shall have been adjourned, a farther Adjournment shall be made in the Manner as before di-

Leave, be met. r^dted, and reported, wuh the Cause thereof, to the House.

Oa Piiiure of

Meeting within One Hour, a farther Adjournment to be made, and reported, with the C.tufe thereof.

Chairman,at next XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Chairman of the said Seledt Committee shall, at the next

Meeting, to re-Meeting of the House, always report the Name of every Member thereof who shall have been absent

pmt Abfrntees, therefrom wirhout such Leave or Excuse as aforesaid; and such Member shall be directed to attend the

Wh>cd*Tto°attend ^ou^c at next Sitting thereof, and shall then be ordered to be taken into the Custodyof the Serjeant

»e*tShtingj^and at Arms attcndii*g the House, for such NeglecSt of his Duty, and otherwise punished or censured at the

le^furcd or pu- Discretion of the House; unless it shall appear to the House, by Facfts specially stated and verified upon

r.inied aiDifcrcti- Oath, that such Member was, by a sudden Accident, or by Necfcffity,. prevented from attending the said

n unicis /U>- Seledt Committee.

fence proved un- avoid hie.

1/ 13 do not at- XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if more than Two^Members of the said Seledt Committee shall

tend, Committee on any se absent therefrom, the said Seledt Committee shall adjourn in the Manner herein before

toa jou n, directed; and so, from Time to Time, until Thirteen Members are assembled.

iflefsfor 3 Days, XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Number of Members able to attend the said Seledt

^7° d‘r" Committee shall, by Death or otherwise, be unavoidably reduced to less than Thirteen, and shall so con-

ike7cboion-a^dtIjnue the Space of T'hree Sitting Days, the said Seledt Committee shall be dissolved, and another

1 z chofeix

