The TITLES of

Parishes of All Saints and Saint Jobn9 in the Town x>f‘

Hertford.

95. An Act for repairing and widening the Road, leading

from a Street called The Hundred, at Romsey, through

Chilworthy to the River at Swath ling, in the County of

Southampton, and for conneding the fame with the Road

leading from the City of IPinchester, through Hurfey, to

Chandler's Ford; and from Hurjlcy aforesaid, to the Turn-

pike Road at Romsey aforesaid \ and also for repairing and

widening the Road leading from the River at Swath ii'75

aforesaid, through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sher-

ri I Heath, in the said County of Southampton.

96. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Al-

ford to Boston, and from thence to Cowbridge, in the

County of Lincoln*

97. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Poor, in the Hundreds of Locs% and lVilford, in the

County of Suffolk.

98. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act

made in the twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty, for

repairing the Road from Cross ford Bridge to Manchester,

and for amending the Road from Cr of ford Bridge afore-

said, to a certain Place in Altrincham, in the County of

Palatine of Chester.

99. An Act for amending and widening the Road, from the

City of York, by Grimfton Smithy, to Kexby Bridge, and

from Grimston Smithy aforesaid, to a certain Gate, at the

Upper End of Garraby Hilly in the County of York.

100. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Stockporty in the County of Chester, to Saxon 5 Lane Endy

in the County of Lancaster, and from the Cross, in Ash-

ton Under Liney in the said County of Lancaster, to Doc-

tors Lane Heady in the County of York \ and also the

Road branching out of the first-mentioned Road, in the

Township of Bredbury, to Mottram% in the said County

of Chester.

joi. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from

the Little Bridgey over the End of the Drain, next Wif-

heach River, lying between Roter's Fields, and the Bell

Inn in JVifbeachy in the ljle of Ely, to the Sign of the Bear

in Walfokeny in the County of Norfolk; and from IVal-

foken Bridgey lying over the fame Drain, to the said Sign

of the Beary and to Lord's Bridgey in Ifington; and from

% thence to the Weft Ends of Maudlin Bridge and German's

Bridge in the County of Norfolk; and from the East End

of Germans Bridge aforesaid to the Weft End of Long

Bridgey in South Lynny in the Borough of King's Lynny

in the said County of Norfolk my and from Ifington afore-

said, to Cross Keys IVaJhy in the said County.

102. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads,

leading from between the second and third Mile Stones,

on the Turnpike Road between the Town and County

of Poole y and IVinborne Minfery in the County of Dorset,

to Bratton Corner, in the County of Somerset.

103. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act

made in the twenty-ieventh Year of his late Majesty, for

opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a

Road from Rataiffe Highway, through Cannon Street, in

the County of Middlesex, and other Roads in the said Act

mentioned; and for lighting, watching, and watering,

the said Roads.

iot. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted

by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his late

Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and

widening the Roads therein mentionedy leading to and from

theTowns of Shepton Mallet ^fvelchester, in the County

of Somerset; and for repairing the Roads from Shepton

Mallet to Leighton, and from Shepton Mallet to Long

Cross Bottom.

the STATUTES.

to;. An Act lot repairing and widening the Road, front

the Turnpike Road in&anbury, in the County of Ox-

ford, through Daventrey and Ccttefl>achy to the South End

of Mill Fieldy in the Parish of Lutterworthy in the County

of Leicester.

106. An Act to continue the Term and render more effec-

tual an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of

his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the koads

leading from Spalding High Bridgey through Littleworth,

and by Frogrwlly and over James Deeping Stone Bridgey in

the County of Lincolny to Alaxey Outganry in the County

of Northamptcny adjoining to the High Road there.

107. An Act lor repairing and widening the Road from the

Great Bridgey in the Borough of If drwicky through

Scutham and Daventry, to the Town of Northampton.

108. An Act for amending and widening the Road from

the North End of Old Alalton Gatey in the Town and

Borough of New Alaltony to the Town of Plckeringy in

the County of York.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 5 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

j\ Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common

Pastures, and Commonable Wade Grounds, in the

Manor and Parish of Pcdingtony in the County of Bedford.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Common Pastures, CommonMeadows, Common

Grounds, Lanes, and Wade Ground, within the Ma-

nors and Parish of Hardingstone and Cottony in the County

of Northampton.

3. An Act for naturalizing John I Fill!am Plauely John

James Lcngy Jacob Nadaly and Chrijhpher Henry Baumcr

4. An Act for naturalizing Luder Lang.

$. An Act for naturalizing Chrifian James Straciboven.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-

mons, Common Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, lying

in the Hamlet of Donningtoriy in the Paiifti of Stow on the

IVoldy in the County of Gloucejlcr

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows*

and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Ham-

let, and Tything, of WeslcotCy in the Parish of IVaddef-

dony in the County of Bucks.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor

of Long Eatony in the Parish of SawUy, in the County

of Derby.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and Grounds, within the Township of

Ulromey otherwise Owram in Holderness, in the County

of York.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the PariOi

of North Kilworthy in the County of Leicester.

i:. An Act for annexing the Redory of Colerney in the

County of TVilts, to the Office of Warden of the College

of Saint Alary, of IFinchcfer in Offord.

12. An Act for. vesting the settled Estates of Ann Wilfon9

Widow, and Ann IVilfony her Daughter, an Infant, in

Trustees, to he fold for discharging the Debts and In-

cumbrances afteding the fame.

13. An Act to enable Richard Dutpay Clerk (heretofore

called RichardHancorn) and his Heirs Male, to take and

use the Surname and Arms of Duppay pursuant to the

Will . Baldwin Duppa Esquire, deceased.

6 14. An

