Anno quinto Georgii III.

A.D. 1765.

The Monies granted as

Duties and [mpefftions,

See, to bcconfidcred and

pTiil as Sterling Money

of* Great Bri'.ain $ at the

Rare of 5 s. 6 d. per Oz,

in Silver.

Penalties and Forfeitures

in the Colonies and

Plantations are recover-

abh in anyoi the Courts

of Record where rhe Of-

fence is committed. Scc.

bait Persons aggrieved by

the Determinations of

any of the said Courts,

under this A&, or the

Act of Geo.3. may ap-

peal to a Vice Admiral-

ty Court,

Penalties and Forfeitures

incurred in other Parts,

to be recovered with full

Cods, in any Court of

Record in the Place,

C. 12.

miralty are hereby respectively authorized and required to proceed, hear, and determine the fame (at

the Election of the Informer or Prosecutor. ’

LVII. And it is hereby further enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sums

of Money granted and imposed by this Act as Rates or Duties, and also all Sums of Money impoled

as Forfeitures or Penalties, and all Sums of Money reauired to be paid, and all other Monies herein

mentioned, shall be deemed and taken to be Sterling Money of Great Britain, and shall be collected,

recovered, and paid, to the Amount of the Value which such nominal Sums bear in Great Britain ;

2nd that such Monies shall and may be received and taken, according to the Proportion and Value of

five Shillings and six Pence the Ounce in Silver; and that all the Forfeitures and Penalties hereby

inflicted, and which shall be incurred in the said Colonies and Plantations, shall and may be prose-

cuted, sued for, and recovered, in any Court of Record, or in any Court of Admiralty, in the respec-

tive Colony or Plantation where the Offence shall be committed, or in any Court of Vice Admiralty

appointed or to be appointed, and which shall have Jurisdiction within such Colony, Plantation, or

Place, (which Courts of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty are hereby respectively authorized and required

to proceed, hear, and determine the fame) at the Election of the Informer or Prosecutor; and that

from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, in

all Cafes, where any Suit or Prosecution shall be commenced and determined for any Penalty or For-

feiture inflicted by this Act, or by the said Act made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign, or by any other Act of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the said Colonies or

Plantations, in any Court of Admiralty in the respective Colony or Plantation where the Offence

shall be committed, either Party, who shall think himself aggrieved by such Determination, may ap-

peal from such Determination, to any Court of Vice Admiralty, appointed or to be appointed, and

which shall have Jurisdiction within such Colony, Plantation, or Place, (which Court of Vice Ad-

miralty is hereby authorized and required to proceed, hear, and determine such Appeal) any Law,

Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Forfeitures and Penalties hereby

in Aided, which shall be incurred in any other Part of his Majesty’s Dominions, shall and may

be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any Court of Record within

the Kingdom, Territory, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, in such and the fame

Manner as any Debt or Damage, to the Amount of such Forfeiture or Penalty, can or may be sued

for and recovered.

Forfeitures, fee. in the LVIII. And it is hereby further enacted. That all the Forfeitures and Penalties hereby infii&ed

Colonies ami Plantations J be divided, paid, and applied, as follows ; (that is to say) one third Part of all such Forfeitures

third toltheVChicfCDif- anc* Pena^*es recovered in the said Colonies and Plantations, shall be paid into the Hands of one of

rtiibutor for the King’s the Chief Distributors of stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, refiJing in the Colony or Planta-

use, one third to the tion wherein the Offender shall be convicted, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Succcftbrs ;

Governor, and one third one third Part of the Penalties and Forfeitures, so recovered, to the Governor or Commander in

to the Prosecutor. In Chief of such Colony or Plantation ; and the other third Part thereof, to the Person who shall

to The King °anti the^ *n^orm or ^ue for the fame; and that one moiety of all such Penalties and Forfeitures recovered

other to the Prosecutor. *n any other Part of his Majesty’s Dominions, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs, and

Succcftors, and the other Moiety thereof, to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same.

Offence* made Felony, LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Offences which are by thfs

to be tried in any of the Ad made Felony, and shall be committed within any Part of his Majesty’s Dominions, shall and

Courts of Law where may be heard, tried, and determined, before any Court of Law within the respective Kingdom,

committed. Territory, Colony, or Plantation, where the Offence shall be committed, in such and the fame Man-

ner as all other Felonies can or may be heard, tried, and determined, in such Court.

Governor* to he sworn LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the present Governors or

to the due Execution of Commanders in Chief of any British Colony or Plantation, shall, before the said first Day of Arj-

11115 A“* vernier, out thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, and all who hereafter shall be made Governors

or Commanders in Chief of the said Colonies or Plantations, or any of them, before their Entrance

into their Government, shall take a solemn Oath to do their utmost, that all anJ every the Clauses

contained in this prclcnt Ad, be punctually and bora fide observed, according to the true Intent and

Meaning thereof, so far as appertains unto the said Governors or Commanders in Chief respectively,

under the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilitics, either for neglecting to take the said Oath, or

Penalty on not taking for wittingly neglecting to do their Duty accordingly, as are mentioned and expressed in an Act made

char VnMhcir Duty * the *n (cvciith and eighth Year of the Reign of King fVifliam the Third, intituled, An Act for prevent-

fame .<1 is expressed in Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation Trade; and the said Oath hereby required to be

Act 7 ft 8 wil. 3. taken, shall be administered by such Person or Persons as hath or have been, or shall be, appointed to

Oath by whom to be ad- administer the Oath required to be taken by the said Act made in the seventh and eighth Year of the

immUered. Reign of King William the Third.

Records and othfr Writ- LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Records, Writs, Pleadings,

ing* charged with the and other Proceedings in all Courts whatsoever, and all Deeds, Instruments, 2nd Writings what-

Duties to be ingrossed soever, hereby charged, shall be ingrossed and written in such Manner as they have been usually

and written as utually. accustomed to be ingrossed and written, or arc now ingrossed and written within the said Colonies

and Plantations.

General Issue. LXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued or prosecuted,

either in Great Britain or America, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person and Per-

(bns shall and may plead the General I flue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence ;

and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants -

And

