C. 24.

Anno sexto Georgii IIL

A.D. 1766.

to be paved,

cleansed, and

lighted.

General Meeting assembled, with respect to the Business by virtue of this Act committed to their Care

and Charge respectively, and to be removed from their Offices in such and the same Manner, and subject

to and under such and the same Rules, Orders, Penalties, and Punishments, as are herein before prescribed

and directed with respect to Officers to be appointed within the respective Divisions.

The Streets, &c. XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Monday,

the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, within their respective Divisions, shall have full

Power and Authority, from time to time, to order and direct the said Streets and Lancs, or any of them

within their respective Divisions, to be paved, repaired, raised, funk, or altered ; and also to cause, order,

and direct, the said Streets and Lanes, and the said several Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places,

to be cleansed, lighted, and watched, when and in such Manner as they shall think fit.

What Street* XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the

shall be fiift Pavements of the High Street, from the South End of London Bridge, to the Stones End in Blackman

pjvcd. Street, Church Lane, Kent Street, and White Street, in the Weft Division, and from the Weft End of Tooley

Street, to the North End of Bermondsey Street, in the East Division, shall be completed, previous to and

before any other Street or Place, within the respective Divisions, shall be begun to be paved.

The High Street XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners, haying the Care

how 10 be paved, of the said Weft Division, shall, and they are hereby required to cause the said High Street, from London

Bridge to the Stones End in Blackman Streets to be paved with the Stone known by the Name of tVhyn

Quarry Stoney or with Rock Stone, or with Stone of a flat Surface.

Materials may XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five

be dug out of, or more of them, shall also have full Power and Authority to cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of,

or brought into, brought into, the said Streets and Lanes, such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials; and to employ

e treets, c. such Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others ; and to issue such Money on those Accounts,

and to do all and every such other Acts and Things as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of

them, shall judge necessary or conducive to the accomplishing of the Ends and Designs of this Act.

Commissioner* XV. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, may, and

may make Con* are hereby impowered, from time to time, at any of their said Meetings, as Occasion shall require, to

tx-ifts. contract with any fit Person or Persons, for paving and keeping in Repair the said Streets ana Lanes,

and for cleansing and lighting the fame, and likewise the several Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and

Places above described ; which Contraft and Contrafts shall specify the several Works to be done, and

the Prices to be paid for the fame, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed,

and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Non-performance thereof; and shall be iigned by the said Com-

missioners, or any five or more of them, and by the Person or Persons contrafting to perform such

Works; but previous to the making of any such Contraft, fourteen Days Notice shall be given in some

publick News Paper, expressing the Intention of the intended Contraft, in order that any Persons willing

to undertake the fame, may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Com-

missioners at a certain Time and Place in each Notice to be mentioned.

Scavengers, by XVI. Provided always, That the Person or Persons so contrafted with for cleansing the said Streets and

Consent of the other Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall have Liberty, by the Approbation and Order of the

just ices, may Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said Town and Places, or any two or more of them, to lodge

their Dirt, Duff, Ashes, or other Filth, in such vacant and publick Places in or near the said Streets, and

other Places, as shall not appear to the said Justices to be intended to be built upon, and shall be thought

convenient by the said Justices, for the Accommodation of the Country Carts ; they the said Persons, so

contrafted with, giving such Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such vacant Places, as the said

Justices shall direct.

Sumvorsroin- XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or airy

fj>e&ihcWorks. five of more of them, and they arc hereby* directed to cause all and every the Wo»ks done in purftiance

of this Act, to be inspected by their Surveyor or Surveyors, or by such other Person or Persons as they

shall, from time to time, appoint; and in case the fame shall not be well and sufficiently performed,

according to the true Sense and Meaning of such Contraft orContrafts; or shall not be finished and

completed at or within the-Time or Times that the fame are agreed to be completed by the said Con-

tract: or Contrafts, the said Commissioners shall and may, in their own Names, or in the Names of two

of them, bring an Action in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Law at Westminster, against any Person or

Persons so contrafting and neglecting to perform such Contraft or Contrafts, and for any Penalty or

Penalties, Damage or Damages, which shall be contained in such Contraft or Contrafts ; and upon the

proving the signing of the said Contraft or Contrafts, and'Non-performance thereof, at the Time or

Times for the Purposes therein mentioned, the said Commissioners shall be intided to, and shall recover*

such Penalty or Penalties, Damage or Damages, which, when recovered, shall be applied for the Purposes

of this Act, within the Divilion where the Matter shall arise.

Agreement be- XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this

tween Lmilord Act contained shall be deemed or taken to make void any Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, between

and Tenant, Landlord and Tenant, touching or concerning the Paving the said Streets, lighting or cleansing the fame,

or the said Courts, Yards, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Places, any or any Part of them, or either of

them ; but that every Person who is now, by virtue of any such Contraft or Agreement, obliged to pave,

keep in Repair, cieanfe, or light, any Part of the said Streets, Courts, Yards, Lanes, Alleys, Passages,

or Places, or either of them, shall, in lieu thereof, be obliged to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made

and a fluffed, or so much thereof as shall, by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, be

deemed jutt and reasonable, according to the t^ue Meaning of such Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement,

, ' for

£rc. in any va-

cant Place j

making Satis-

fa&um.

touching the

Riving, &rc.

Street*, Arc.

not vacated.

