A.D. 176®# 'Annooflavo Georgii III. C 1, 449

Anno Regni G E O R GIX III. octavo.

r II T the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster,the Nineteenth Dav of May, Anno Domini

* 1761, in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the

* M JL Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, bV.

* And from thence continued by fever^l Prorogations to the Twenty-fourth Day of November, 1767 ; be-

f ing the Seventh Session of the Twelfth Parliament of Britain

CAP. I.

An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the last Sessionof Parliament, to prohibit, forsee^ceo 3,154

a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, andSeff'1,c,#

Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour.

* \lIT HERE AS it is expedient that the Law herein after mentioned should be continued and amended ; Preamble.

4 VV May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enabled ; and* be it enacted by the King’s

roost Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That an Act made Recited A£ con.

in the last Session of Parliament, intitled An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, tinned tillaoDay*

Grain, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from mcnciment of

Wheat and Wheat Flour, {hall continue, and {hall be in full Force and Efreft, and be carried into Exc- next Session of

cution, until the Twentieth Day after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament j except such Parliament, &c9

Parts of the said Act as are herein after varied or altered.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act {hall not ex-Bttt thi# Act

tend to any Wheat, Flour, Mali, Barley, Bread Biscuit, or Pease, to be transported out of or from thenot to extend to

Port of Southampton, only, unto the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, or any of them, for such WJiear, and

the only Use of the Inhabitants of those islands ; so as the Exporter, before the lading or such Commo-°thcrArtic,tt

ditics, or laying the fame on Board, do become bound, with other sufficient Security, in Treble the Value

thereof, which the Customer or Comptroller of the fame Port hath hereby Power to take in His Majesty’s portedfam So*

Name^ and to His Majesty’s Use, and for \frhich Security no Fee or Reward {hall be given or taken, thattbampentojerfo

such Commodities {hall be landed in the said islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, or One of themGutrnfo,moAAU

(the Danger of the Seas only excepted) for the Use of the Inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or</fu*i

fold in any other Parts whatsoever; and to return the like Certificates of the landing the fame there,

as are required by the said Act madein the last Session of Parliament on the Exportation of the said Com-t porter gtvin* sel

modjtb s to the British Colonies in America, and within the Time for that Purpose in the said Act men-curity forthedoe

tioned ; and so as the Quantity of Wheat, Flour, Malt, Barley, Bread, Biscuit, and Pease, which at any llndin8lhercof

Time or Times after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuation thereof, {hall be {hipped at thecerifiwte wIiLii

said Port for the said islands, or either of them, as aforesaid, doth not exceed in the Whole Five thoufandtheTimehmired

Quarters; any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. in the raid Act.

and so as the Quantity do not exceed in the Whole 5000 Quarters.

III. Provided also, That this Act, or the said former Act, shall not extend to any Wheat, Barley, Oats, No*it to extend

Meal, or Flour to be transported out of or from the Ports of JVlntehaven or Liverpocle only into the Jfle tofuchWhcat,^*

of Man for the only Use of the Inhabitants of that Island ; so as the Exporter, before the lading of fuchas (ha,] be^nf-

Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, or Flour, or laying the fame on Board, do become bound with other suffi-^j^

cient Security in Treble the Value thereof ( which the Customer, or Comptroller of either of the said Port$^/#|totiTipj

respect>veJy hath hereby Power to take in His Majesty’s Name, and to His Majesty’s Use) (for which Se- Man,so:the uie

curity no Fee or Reward {hall be given or taken) that such Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, or Hour, {Hallof theinhat>i-

be landed in the said Isle of Man (the Danger of the Seas only excepted) for the Use of the Inhabitantsr*ms there».

there, and {hall not be landed or fold in any other Parts whatsoever; and to return the like Certificates

the landing the fame there, as are required by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament on the

Exportation of the said Commodities to the British Colonies in America, and within the Time for that Certificate,

Purpose in the said Act mentioned ; and so as the whole Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and and so as rhe

Flour, which at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuation thereof,tfrpped

shal) be {flipped at both the said Ports for the said l(le of Man, shall not exceed in the Whole Two thousand U

five hundred Quarters ; One Moiety thereof to be exported from the said Port of Whitcheaven, and the2^Q^ters i*

other Moiety thereof to be exported from the said Port of Liver [ode ; any Thing in the said Act contained uit Wnole, 67c*

to the contrary qotwnhftaading,

Voi. X. M m m IV. Provided

