A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. C. 38, 39. 761

than One Shilling and Sixpence per Yard; then, and in such Cafe and Cafes respectively, it Officer may t«kc

shall be in the Power of the Officers of the Customs to take the said checked and striped Linen, on the ^mc’*

paying to the Exporter or Seller the Value of One Penny per Yard over and above the estimated

Value thereof; in the same Manner, and subject to the like Difnofitions and Conditions, as by the a^eaunat^Vaiuc

said before recited Act are provided in the Cafe of Linen entered for Exportation as intituled to the 9

bounty, which, on View and Examination, shall appear to the Officers to be of greater Value

than One Shilling and Sixpence per Yard.

iy. c And whereas Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Species of Linen, upwards of

One Yard English in Breadth, though of no fii er or better Fabrick or Quality than Linen of an

4 ordinary Breadth which are intitled to the Bounty by the Lid Act granted, arc not intitled to the

4 said Bounty if above the Value of Eighteen-pence per Yard: And whereas it would be of greater

Benefit to the Manufacture of Daipers, Huckabacks, Sheeting, and other Species of Linen afore-

4 said, that a Bounty be granted by the fiquare Yard upon the Exportation of the fame to any of the

4 Places mentioned in the said recited Act;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That A Bounty of 1 d. 2 v

for and upon every square Yard of the Species of Goods aforesaid, being of the Manufacture of Per r8ua,c Yatd allowed

Great Britain or Ireland, and not exceeding One Shilling and Sixpence the Square Yard in Value a DPi^rEx^u0tj°Bra^

Bounty of One Penny Halfpenny upon every such Square Yard, and so in proportion for any Mmutjciu-I,

Quantity exceeding a Square Yard, shall be allowed upon the Exportation thereof respectively, for not e\ceeJinp is. 6 d,

such Time, and in such Manner, and under and subject to the like Conditions, Restrictions, and per Yard in Value.

Limitations, as are prescribed by the said recited Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of His said late

Majesty’s Reign, and continued by this present Act.

CAP XXXIX.

An Act for rendering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great

, Britain, and the Qyantity exported and imported.

\X7 HEREAS a Register of the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great PreimUe.

Britain, will be of publick and general Advantage: May it please Your Majesty, that

4 it may be enacted \ and’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Tuftices of the Peace for each Coun- at General or

ty, Riding, Division, and Stewartry within Great Britain, shall, and they are hereby required, at rcr-cirion* af-

their General or Quarter-sessions to be held next after the Twenty-ninth Day of September., One ler 29 pt* ycai y*

thousand seven hundred and seventy, and so in every succeeding Year during the Continuance of

this Act, at their General or Quarter-sessions to be held next afterjthe Twenty-ninth Day of Sep- to nrdw weekly Ren mi

tember, to order and direct Returns to be made weekly of the Prices of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Oats, fder

and Beans, from such and so many Market-towns within such respective Counties, Ridings, Divi- oat*, Bcjrs.Vnd b.'5,

fions, and Stewartries, as they shall think proper, not being less than Two, nor more than Six from nor )e s than or

Market-towns within any County, Riding, or Division, in that Part of Great Britain called Eng- more than 6 ;

land 1 and in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Prices also of that Grain called Bear or an;1^iucITR^ujrT

Bigg; and shall and may also direct and appoint a proper Person, being an Inhabitant of such Mar- onTis 2 "*'

Jcet-town, to make such Returns from every such Market-town respectively to the Person to be ap- Two Jjfticesm. y ap-

pointed in Manner herein after directed to receive the same; and in case the Person appointed by point another to atill

the Justices as aforesaid shall die, neglect his Duty, or become incapable of performing it, any the neit

Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Riding, Division, or Stewartry, shall and may fcfl’,on#*

appoint a fit Person to make such Returns, until the next General or Quarter-session of the Peace

to be holden for such County, Riding, Division, or Stewartry; and the Justices of the Peace at

such next General or Quarter-sessions, shall and may ratify and confirm such Appointment, or ap-

point some other Person to make such Returns until the next General or Quarter-sessions to be held

after the Twenty-ninth Day of September.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Meal-weighers of the City of weifhcT* of

London for the Time being, shall take an Account of the Prices at which Wheat, Rye, Barley, do1]'to mfakf a weeklJ

Oats, and Beans are (old at the Markets within the said City, and return the Average Prices weex-ce^urno *er,ge a“

ly to the Person to be appointed to receive the same.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said Justices Justicei nrgUftingtoap-

of the Peace shall refuse or neglect to appoint a proper Person to make such Returns as aforesaid, ^,nt Hcr,0"tofn,ake

then the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being shall,

and they are hereby required to appoint such Person or Persons, as they shall think proper, to make

such Returns from such respective Places; who shall be paid in the Manner directed by this Act,

until the respective Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter-sessions next after the Twenty-

ninth Day of September, shall appoint a proper Person for that Purpose.

IV. Ami be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace for each Stan?!^ ®ufllcIs lt

County, Riding, Division, and Stewartry, shall cause a Standard Winche/hr Bushel of Eight Gal- Pr0T!dN*

Ions to be provided and kept at each Market-town, from whence such Return shall be directed to

be made: and such Return mall be the Average Prices of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Oats, Beans, and

Bear or Bigg, by the customary Measure of each respective Market f and also the Average Prices

by the said Standard or Winchester BusheL

5 S V. And

