THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni G E O R G11 III. quinto.

« 7* the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster the nineteenth Day of Afay, Anno Domini one

« thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, in the full Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

« JL JL GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland\ King,

c Defender of the Faith,

« And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the tenth Day of January one thousand seven

} hundred and (ixty-five ; Being the fourth Session of the twelfth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited

time.

HE R E AS the permitting the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter into the King- p

dom of Great Britain, from Ireland, for a limited Time, may, at this Time, be a great Advantage Pream e#

* to both Kingdoms;' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Oonfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

jfllnibled, and determined by the Authority of the same. That the Importation of all Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and TheTmportjtion

Butter, into the Kingdom of Great Britain {tom Ireland, shall be, and is hereby permitted, allowed, and of Suited Provi-

authnrized, for and during the Term of Twelve Months from the Commencement of this Act ; and that lions allowed

all Persons shall be, and are hereby exempted, freed, and discharged, from the Payment of all Subsidies,from lrfl*nd,h

Custnm', Rates, Duties, or other Impositions, and also from all Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments, and PunishT for 12 Mouths

ments, for or upon account of importing or bringing Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, or Butter, into the King-

dom of Great Britain from Ireland, during the T erm aforesaid, other than such as herein after are men-

tioned in respect thereof; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and, to the Intent that the Revenue arising from Salt may not he prejudiced by fuel) of°the foLow?oc

Importation of S ilted Beef, Pork, Bacon, or Butter, from Ireland, be it cnaftrd. That fiom the Commence- s4|t Dutici^

nient of this present Act, during the Continuance thereof, there shall be paid to such Officer as the Com- ti*. 3*. 44. per

nvffioners for the Duties on Salt for the time being shall appoint, at the Port in Great Britain into which Brrel for Beef

such Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, or Butter, shall, in pursuance of this Act, be imported from Ireland, ancj orfP°jk * rI

before any Part thereof fhrdl be delivered out to the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall belong or he \v>i?ht toT»U°

consigned, the Sum of three Shillings and four Pence for every Barrel or Cnfk of Salted Beef or Pork to dried Beef, N-»t*

be imported during the Continuance of this Act, containing thirty-two Gallons, and so in Pioportion for Tonpue«, and

any greater or Idler Quantity ; ami for every hundred Weight of Bacon, Salted Beef called Dried Beef, f,rP mcatI

Hr.id N<*ars Tongues, and dried Hog-meat, the Sum of one billing and three Pence; and for every hun- *Vrx^ht for

drrd Wc.ght of all fu( h Salted Butter, the Sum of four Pence ; and so in Proportion for any greater of s*hcd Butter j

Idler Quantity than an hundred Weight, of ary such Sah^d Beef called Dried Beef, Bacon, dried Neats and so in Pro-

Tongue% or dried Hog-meat, as or for Custom, or for Duty, on or in respect thereof: The Money so port on for ill

arising by the Importation of the said Salted Beef, Pork, Baron, dried Beef, dried Neats 'Longues, dried !l,re Q,ant,r,ef*

H >3 meat, or Butter, to be paid into his Majesty’s Exchequer ns Part of the Duties on Salt, laid by an T^d over! mot he

Act of the filth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and continued by fcvc: tVc rquen*

ral subsequent Acts. Parr of the Du»

III . And be it further rnafted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the

Commencement and during the Contimnncc ol this Act, land any such Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, of

Buffer, or any Salted Bctf called Dried Beef, dried Neats'Longues, or dried Hog meat, into the K:i;g; f*,^ouueibtin£

Vol. X. B dom

