The TITLES of the STATUTES.

in the County of Lincoln, and for improving the Navi-

gation through the said Lands,

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Cow Failure, Lammas

Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Simpson,

in the County of Bucks,

43. An Act for naturalizing John Jacob A^pach.

44. An Act for naturalizing John Gottfried llanman,

45. An Act for vesting a certain Mtiluage or Tenement,

with the Appurtenances, in Arlington Street, in the

County of Middlesex, Part of the settl d Estate of the

mod Noble Evelyn Duke of K'mgfton, in Trustees and

their Heirs, in Trull for the said i3ukc ; and for settling

Oil}cr Estates of the said Duke to the same Uses as the

said Mellu.ige and Premises now Hand limited.

46. An Act for vesting several Lands and Tenements, set-

tled and intaihd upon Jacob Picydcll Bouverie, com-

monly called Viscount hoiked one y and II iHiam Earl of

Radnor, and their Blue respectively, by the Will of Sir

Mark Stuart P ley dell Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to

be fold, to di('charge Incumbrances ; and for velting

several Lands and Tenements settled and intailed upon

the said Earl and his lllue, by the Will of Sir Edward

Drs Bouverie Baronet deceased, in Trustees, to be sold \

and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu

thereof.

47. An Act for vesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of

certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Win-

terbourne Clenflon, in the County of Dorset, in Trustees,

for the Right Honourable Joseph Lord Milton and his

Keirs, discharged of the several charitable Uses to which

the fame now Hands limited *, and in lieu thereof to

subject and charge the fame, and other Lands and Here-

ditaments in the same County, whereof the said JoJcph

Lord Milton, is seised in Fee, with the Payment of a

perpetual Rent Charge of greater Value, and for other

rurposes.

48. An Act to enable the Right Honourable George Lord

Edgecombe, to grant building Leases of Lands, Tene-

ments, and Hereditaments, within the Manor of Stone-

hoijiy otherwise East Stonehouse, in the County of Devon,

49. An Act for confirming an Agreement, afterwards made

an Order of Aftize, and Rule of his Majesty’s Court of

King’s Bench at Westminster, in a Cause wherein John

Doe, on the Demise of William Salvin Esquire and Ca-

therine his Wife was Plaintiff, and Margaret Thornton

and Mary Thorntony Spinfters, Infants, by their Guar-

dians, were Defendants, touching the Manor of Nether-

vjittony Capital Messuage of Neiherwittony and other

MclThages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County

of Northumberland^ heretofore the Estate of John Thorn-

ten, late of Nctherwitton aforesaid, Esquire, deceased ;

and for confirming the Award made in pursuance of the

said Agreement.

50. An Act to impower the Trustees named in the Settle-

ment of Sir George Robinson Baronet, and Dame Dorothea

his Wife, to grant Building and Repairing Leales of

the settled Estates in or near Tower-Hilly wiihin the

Liberty of the Tcwer of London ; and for other the Pur-

poses therein mentioned.

51. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates devised

by William Hulme Esquire, to grant Building Leases

thereof, and to increase the Number of Exhibitioners in

Brafen Nose College, Oxfordy founded by the said Testator;

and for other.the Purposes therein mentioned.

5^. An Act fof veiling the Manor of Sneljlorjy and certain

Mcffiiages, Lands, and Hereditaments, m Sneljirn, in

the County of Derby, comprised in the Marriage Settle-

‘ * 5

ment of Thomas Doekfcy Esquire, in Trustees, in Trull

to sell and convey the fame to Arthur Bowvrr Gentle-

man, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses of the

said Settlement; and for laying out the Money arising

by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Here-

ditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

S3* An Act for vesting the Share and Interest of George

Rich Esquire, second Son of Sir Robert Rich Baronet,

deceased, of and in 6oco/. (which, by the Settlement

made on the Marriage of the said Sir Robert Ricky with

Dame Elizabeth Ruby his now Widow, was Lcured for

the Benefit of their younger Children) in the Executors

of the said Sir Robert Rich, as Part of his Personal

Estate, pursuant to a Codicil to his. Will, made for that

Purpose.

54. An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of the Honour-

able George H barty in the County of Leicester \ and for

inverting the Monies to a rile from such Sale in the Pur-

chafe of other Lands, to be settled to the Eke Uses.

55. An Act for establishing and confirming an Exchange

of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of

Dovcbridgey in the County of Derby, for other Lands

and Hereditaments, in the same Parish* pursuant to an

Agreement between John Fitzherbert Clerk, Mailer of

Arts, Vicar of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Dove-

bridgCy within the Diocese of Litchfield and Coventry,

and Sir Henry Caimidifi) Baronet, by and with the Con-

sent of the ratron of the said Vicarage, and the Ordi-

nary of the Diocese.

56. An Act for impowering the Guardians named in the

Will of William Throckmorton Bromley Esquire, deceased,

to make Sale of Timber growing upon Part of his set-

tled Estates ; and for inverting the Money thereby arising

in the Purchase of Lands for the Benefit of his Infant

Children.

57. An Act for establishing, ratifying, and confirming, all

Sales, Partitions, and Divisions, made, or to be made,

by virtue of the Powers or Authorities contained in the

several Marriage Settlements of Sir Walter Blount Ba-

ronet, and the Honourable Dame Mary his Wife, and

of the Honourable Thomas Clifford the elder, and the

Honourable Barbara his Wife, and for other Purposes.

$8. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the

eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George

the First, intituled, An At7for vcfiing in Trustees several

Landsy Tenements, and Her edit aments, in the Counties of

York and Derby, for the Maintenance of the poor Persons

in the Idospital of Gilbert Earl cf Shrcwfbury, long finee

deceased, Jituate at Sheffield, in the said County of York ;

and for enlarging the Buildings of the said liefpitaly and

adding more poor Persons to those already established therein ;

and for enlarging the Powers contained in the said Act* and

for other Purpefrs.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Meadows, Paflu.e Leys, and Hinted common Pastures,

in the Town ship and Parish of Mattony in the County

of Lincoln,

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields of Little Strettony in the Parish of Norton*

and County of Lncester.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable

Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties of Stoke Gold-

ington, in the County of Bucks,

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Souldrcpy in

the County of Bedford.

63. An

