68 C; 30. Anno quinto Georgi III. A.D. 1765^

Majesty’s moil dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beijtg

desirous of encouraging the Manufactures carried on in this Kingdom, do humbly beseech your Majesty,

that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred

and sixty-five, the several Rates, Duties, Subsidies, and Impositions, payable upon the Importation of Raw

Silk into Great Britain, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth

Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and Fixty-five, the following Duties shall be paid to his Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, in lieu of the said former Duties; that is to say,

From and after

*4 June. 1765,

the Duties now

payable on Raw

Silk imported to

cease ;

and the follow-

ing Duties to

uk* '■dace in

lieu thereof$

viz, On Raw For every Pound Weight of Raw Silk imported into Great Britain, each Pound containing twenty-four

Silk, 2401. to Ounces, the Sum of one Shilling and Three-pence.

me I'ound, 11. And for every Pound Weight of Thrown Silk imported into Great Britain, each Pound containing

3d. per lib. sixteen Ounces, the Sum of Six-pence; over and above all other Rates and Duties by any Act or Acts of

silk i6°oz! to Parliament imposed thereupon.

the Pound, 6 d. per lib. additional to all other Duties*

The said Duties

to be col levied

and applied, as

the Duties upon

Italian Raw

Silk, Sec.

A Drawback of

X s. per lib. al-

lowed on Expor-

tation of Raw

Silk to Ireland;

and the Whole

of the additional

Duty onThrown

Silk.

No Raw Silk to

te exported from

Ireland, on Pe-

nalty of Forfei-

ture thereof,

with the Vessel,

anJ Furniture,

&c.

and the Matter

and Crew assist-

to be com-

mitted.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties by this Act granted,

{hall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and applied, in such Manner, and for the fame Purposes, as the.

Duties hitherto payable upon Italian Raw Silk have been raised, levied, collected, paid, and applied ^znd

all Provisions of or in every Act, Law, or Statute, now in Force, for raising, levying, collecting, and pay-

ing, the Duties by this Act repealed, shall be in full Force, and shall be put in Execution, for raising,

levying, collecting, and paying, the Duties by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and.

Purposes, as if the fame nad been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after-the said

twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, upon the Exportation to Ireland of

any of the said Commodities, within the Time allowed by Law, for which the Duties chargeable by this

A ft shall have been first paid or secured, there shall be allowed a Drawback of one Shilling, and no more*,

upon every Pound Weight, containing twenty-four Ounces of such Raw Silk, so exported; and of the

Whole of the said additional Duty on such Thrown Silk so exported:; which respective Drawbacks shall

be made or allowed according to such Rules and Methods, as Drawbacks are allowed by any Law now-

in Force relating to the Customs.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted "by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said

twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and (lxty-five, no Raw Silk shall be exported

from Ireland, upon Pain that the fame, together with the Ship, Boat, or Vessel, upon which any fitch

Raw Silk shall be exported, shipped, or laden to be exported, and all her Guns, Tackle,. Apparel, and

Furniture, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs or Revenue

Ireland; one Moiety of all which Forfeitures mall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the

other Moiety to him or them that shall sue for the same; to be recovered in such and the like Manner as

any Forfeiture, incurred by any Laws of the Revenue, may be sued for and recovered, in the Kingdom of

Ireland; and that the Master and Mariners of any such Ship, Boat, or Vessel, wherein any such Offence

shall be committed, knowing such Offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting therein, and;

being thereof duly convicted, shall be imprisoned for the Space of three Months without Bail or Mainprize*

PrcamUe;

CAP. XXX*

An Act for more effectually supplying the Export Trade of this Kingdom to Jfrica, with',

such coarse printed Callicoes, and other Goods of the Product or Manufactures of the

Enfi Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited; to be worn

and used in Great Britain \ for encouraging the Importation of Bugles into this Kingdom ;,

for the better Supply of the Export Trade thereof; and for discontinuing the Bounty,

payable in Great Britain, and all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the Exporta-

tion of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour, from thence to the Isle of Man.

c \X7 HEREAS the exporting to Africa coarse printed Callicoes, and other Goods of the Product or:

Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, which are prohi-

4 bited to be worn and used in Great Britain, and also certain East India Goods called Cowries and Aran-

4 goes, is very beneficial to the Trade of this Kingdom: And whereas it may happen, that the Quantity of

4 such Goods imported from the East Indies by the United Company of Merchants of England trading

4 thither, may not always be sufficient to answer that Purpose, and to keep the Price of such Goods in

1 this ^Kingdom at a reasonable Rate;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June, one

thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful for the said United

7 Company

