284 C. 17.

Anno septimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1767.

Receiver Ce«

neral of the

County is to

ifW 4 Months

Pay hex set

down j

with half a

Year’s Salary to

the Rrgimental

and Pattalioi)

shall issue and pay the whole Sums requited, in the Manner, and for the several UFes herein after men*

tioned; that is to say, for the Pay of the said Militia for four Calendar Months in Advance, at the Rate

luucdinomni ^1X Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of oneSiriBing

Pay Advance, for each Serjeant, with the Addition of two Shillings and six Pence a Week for each Serjeant Major, wtee

according to the a Serjeant Major is appointed; and at the Rate of six Pence a Day for each Drummer, with the Addition

Eflabii/hment of of six Pence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and also at the Rates offer

p'»w Pence a Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Rfegr-

ment. Battalion, and Independant Company of Militia; one Penny whereof mail be applied for defraying

the Hospital Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company, during the Time of the

Men’s being from Home upon Account of their Annual Exercise; and also for Half a Year’s Salary for

the Cleric of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia belonging to such Chunty, Riding, or Place, at the Rate

_I1M .... of fifty Pounds a Year; and also for the respective Allowances to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and

Clerks j and the Clerks of the several Subdivifioo Meetings, at the Rates following; that is to say, to the Clerk of the Ge-

/Wlowances to neral Meetings, at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for each Meeting 5 and to the fevera! Clerks of

GenialandflhCSubdivision Meetings, at the Rate of one Pound one Shilling for each Meeting; and also for thfc

SuMhdfion Cloathing of the Militia for such County, Riding, or Place, after the Rate of three rounds ten Shillings

Meetings;. for each Serjeant, and two Pounds for each Drummer, with the Addition of one Pound for each Serjeant

*nd Pay for Major, and each Drum Major; and with respect to the Private Militia Men, where the Militia hath been

cloathing of the embodied, or, having not been embodied, hath not been cloathed within three Years, at the Rate of (me

Miiiua. Pound ten Shillings for each Private Man.

The shove Sums II. Provided nevertheless, That in any County, Riding, or Place, where Pav has not yet been issued for

re not to be the Militia, no Pay shall be issued until his Majesty’s Lieutenant, or, in his Absence, any three Deputy

Lieutenants, of any such County, Riding, or Place, shall have certified to the Commissiofters of hisMa-

jesty’s Treasury, and to the Receiver General of the Land Tax, that three-fifths of the Number of Private

Militia Men of such County, Riding, or Place, have been inrolled, and that three-fifths of the Propor-

tion of their Commission Officers have accepted their Commissions, and entered their Qualifications as by

the Treasury L»W required.

«nd Receivers Gt&eral ike Xarolment of 3 fifths of the Met tad Officers,

yaid, If Pay has

*ot before been

issued, till the

l.d. Lieut* or

Deputies A ill

have certified to

The Money is III. And be it enacted, That all such Sums of Money aforesaid, except such as shall be due to the

tobe p»id by the y^ai Clerks of the Meetings aforesaid, and except such as shall be due on account of Cloathin?, (balL

to^heCprko? w^crc Militia has never been embodied, be paid by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land

theRegimeator Tax, into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiments or Battalions of Militia belonging to such

4Battalion (e*ccpt County, Riding, or Place, upon his or their producing his or their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment

the Allowances to such Office, under the Hand and Seal of his Majesty’s Lieutenant for such respective County, Riding,

tb®C^rka of or Place; and where the Militia has been embodied, into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regi-

wnproducing mcnfs or Battalions, upon his or their producing his or tfceir Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such

the Warrant of Office, under thesHand and Seal of the Colonel, or, where there is no Colonel, of the Commanding Of-

Ms Appoint* fleer of each Regiment or Battalion respectively, notwithstanding such Militia shall have been disembodied ;

moot; and where the Militia shall be formed into an Independant Company, or Independant Companies, such

and for indtpta- gums as aforesaid shall be paid by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the Hands

i^herSw of respective Captain of each Independant Company of Militia, or to (itch Perfott as such respe&iv*

Captains, or to Captain shall authonfe to receive the same, according to the Number of Persons hereby intitled to receive

their Order; Pay and Cloathing, of which such Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, Independant Company

according to the or Independant Companies, shall have been appointed to consist, according to the Establiihment laid down

EftabHshment jn art A<3 passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act to explain,

4 amend, and reduce into one A & of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the railing

% Geo* 3. . and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England;* and such Receiver or Receivers

A Second Piy- General of the Land Tax shall also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month

went is also to from the Time of the said first Payment, make a second Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance;

be made within an(j foall ajf0> within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the three Calendar Months from the Time of

tb«ffirit*anlia second Paynrent, make a third Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance, for the Pay and

Third within contingent Expences of the Militia, and for the Allowances to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk or Cletk*

three Momhs aforesaid, in the Proportions herein before mentioned; and the Receipts of such Clerk or Clerks, and of

afier the second. foeh Captain of an lndependant Company, or Captains of Independant Companies, or of such Pbrfon or

Receipts of the J>cr|*ons such Captain or Captains (nail so authorise to receive such Money as aforesaid, shall be a suffi-

thV Mo* n eyft 1 e n Discharge to such Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the several Sums of* Money

be so paid, dif. /o by him or them paid.

charge the Re-

ceivers General.

The Reghr.ental

and Battalion

Clerks are to pay

in Advance one

Month’s Pay to

the Adjutant;

art*! a Month’s

Pay to each

Baguio,

lV. A nd be it enacted, That the Clerk of each RegiVnent or Battalion of Militia shall forthwith, after

the Receipt of such Sums of Morry as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, one Calendar Month’s Pay in

Advance to the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion respectively; and to the Captain or Commanding

Officer of each Company belonging to such Regiment or Battalion, two Months Pay m Advance for the

Serjeants, Drummers, and the contingent Expences of his respective Company; out of which said contin-

gent Money each Captain shall pay to the Commanding Officer of each Regiment or Battalion one Penny

a Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for the defraying the Expences of the Hospital} and also to

the Commanding Officer of the Company to which the Serjeant Major and Drum Major shall belone, two

Months

