A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. C. 26. 587

XXIV. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Gaoler or Gaolers, or G»®1w* conria.

Kccper or Keepers, or any deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of any Prison, shall j in taking of the afore-men-forfcitf"o'T

tioned Oaths, forswear or perjure himself, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such Gaoler or Keeper, °it£l FUii°e0ft»

or deputed Gaoler or Keeper, of such Prison or Prisons (over and above such Penalties as may be inflid-of Suit, &c,

ed on Persons convicted of Perjury) shall, upon every such Conviction, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five

hundred Pounds; to be recovered, with Full Costs, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, or Action of Debt,

in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of

Law, shall be allowed, determined by and in the Name of such Person or Persons, his or their Executors and Admi-

nistrators, to whom any Assignment or Conveyance, in pursuance of this Adf, shall be made, of the Estate One Moiety to g*

and Effedsof such Prisoner or Prisoners; and if no such Assignee or Assignees shall be living, then in thet0 jhehInformcr»

Name or Names of any other Creditor or Creditors who shall sue for the said Penalties; to be applied,

One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety towards Sabisfaction of the Debts of such the Debts ot* the

his Creditor or Creditors. Creditor*.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or ClerkoftbePe.ice

other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, mall delay or refuse to give every or any such Prisoner f0 jcf‘uCosP*j-

discharged as aforesaid, within Ten Days after his or her Discharge, a Copy of the Order of his or her Dif- Difcba^e of

charge, on the Payment of Two Shillings and Sixpence, or shall take more than the said Sum of Two lc arg

Shillings and Sixpence for such Copy, or shall take more than Two Shillings for an Assignment or Con- or taking n^orbi.

veyance of such Prisoner’s Estate or Effects: every such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town *Jnt Fces for

Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace, who shall so offend, and who shall be convicted at fi^t^owthe

any such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, of any such Offence, shall, pTiio^r’s Efface

for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to every such Prisoner the Sum of Twenty Pounds, as the Justices *nd Eifca*

of the reace, at any such General or Quarter Session of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, shall order; forfeit* 2oi. t»

and who are hereby impowered to cause the fame to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any the Pfit,ner*

such Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or Town Clerk, or other Officer acting as Clerk of the Peace,

so offending.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Prisoner as aforesaid, or any Prisoner coetia-

other Person or Persons, who shall take the Benefit of this Act shall forswear or perjure himself, herself,*1 of e©

or themselves, in any Oath to be taken under this Act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, she, or* FcIoa*

they, so offending, shall be adjudged a Felon, and suffer as such, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person to be discharged byPerr3ns d,schart-

this Act shall, at any Time hereafter, be imprisoned bj^ reason of any Judgement or Decree obtained for

Payment of Money only, or for any Debt, Damages, Contempts, Costs,^ Sum or Sums of Money, con-J^f^pebu^c*

traded, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing due, before the said Twenty-ninth Day of September ontraOtd beto*©

One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight; but that upon every Arrest upon every Judgement or such *9 Sept. 176S.

Decree, or for such Debts, Damages, Contempts, Costs, Sum ana Sums of Money, it shall and may be

lawful for any Judge of the Court where the Process issued, upon shewing the Copy of the Order of such

Prisoner’s Discharge or Discharges, to release and discharge out of Custody such Prisoner or Prisoners as

aforesaid; and every such Judge is hereby impowered so to do on such Prisoner’s causing a Common Ap-

pearance to be entered for him in every such Action and Suit.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if an Adjon of Escape, or any

Suit or Action, be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper of any

Prison, for pei forming their Office, in pursuance of this Act, they may plead the General IHue, and give Action of

this Act in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against Escape, or Suit

him, or Judgement upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have Treble Costs. brought against

them, and recover Treble Costs.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Scire facias, or Action of Debt, Persons difdiarg.

or upon Judgement, shall be brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators,ed P,ejd

upon any Judgement obtained against any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance acknowledged Xaionst^Jd c-

by him or her, before the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-ro.nt7b,0u*kt8a-.

eight, with respect to Prisoners in actual Custody, or with respect to Debtors beyond the Seas, as afore-gairft th-m be-

said, upon the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundrea and sixty-eight, it shall,orc *9 SrPu

be lawful for any such Prisoner, his nr her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to plead generally that,76b# *c*

such Prisoner was actually a Prisoner in such Prison at such a Person’s Suit, or was or were beyond the Seas

in Foreign Parts on the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight,

and was or were duly discharged according to this Act, at the General or Quarter Session, or Adjourn-

ment thereof, held at such Time and Place for such County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Town, or

Place (as his, her, or their Cafe is) without pleading any Matter specially; and in case any other Suit orindIn®th79

Action shall be commenced against him, her, or them, for any other Debt, Sum or Sums of Money, due^yrpec^?

before the said Twenty-ninth of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, to plead in Dif-per^ns^roni Ex-

charge of his or her Person from Execution (over and above such Matters as aforesaid) that such Del t or ecu t ion.

Sum of Money (as the Cafe shall happen) was contracted or due before the said Twenty-ninth Day of

September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, without ^pleading any other Matter specially ;

where to the Plaintiffs shall or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any Plaintiff may rt

ether Matter or Thing which may shew the said Defendant not to be intitled to the Benefit of this A<5l, P1y$e“«ra*‘j>*c*

4F 2 or

\

