A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III.. C. 25. 739

Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deduced) shall be paid to the said Commissionen, or any

Seven or more of them, and shall be applied (if not otherwise directed to be applied bythisA£l) for and

towards the Purposes of this Act, in such and the same Manner as the Money arising from the Rates or

Assessments herein before-mentioned is directed to be applied: And in case sufficient Distress cannot be

found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice

or Justices, and he or they is and are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his or their

Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the

Town of Southampton, or County and Place where the Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, for

any Term not exceeding One Calendar Month, or until such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be paid:

And in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, causes and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or

concerning the Execution of this Act, any Inhabitant within the said Parishes or Places shall be admitted inhabitants com-

to give Evidence, the Rate or Assessment charged as aforesaid upon any such Inhabitant by virtue of this l*tcnl w,tnfircl*

A'dr notwithstanding.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be subject or Informations i«

liable to the Payment of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by virtue of this Act, for any Three

Offence or Offences against this Act, unless Information shall be given of such Offence or Offences within e

Three Months next after the Offence committed; save and except the Penalties, in and by this Act inflicted

for Nonpayment of the Rates or Alleflinents in and by this Act directed to be made.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Informer* may

said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, if they shall fee Cause, to pay be rcw«id«a.

and apply such Part of the Penalties and Forfeitures in and by this Act inflicted or imposed, or any of

them, as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the

Use of the Informer or Info mers of any Otfence or Offences against this Act, or any of them; any Thing

herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be had for any

Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or against any Order of Session, or any Matter in

pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following;

that is to say.

c T)E it remembered. That on this Day of Form of Coa*

^fCountyt -D in the Year of the Reign of AB is convicted

« u 4 before of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said (/

4 or County [as the Cafe fall happen] of having [as the Offence shall bej and

4 ("I or we] the said do adjudge [him, her, or themj to forfeit and pay for

the fame the Sum of

c Given under my Hand and Seal, [or our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid/

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be guilty of any Offence O* n

Neglect, or OmiClon against this Act, or any of the Powers or Directions herein contained, and shall be*1*^"*^

thereupon summoned before any One or more Justiceor Justices of the Peace; -or if any Person or Per- c+uvicx'i*.'

Ions shall be convicted by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Pence of any such Offence, Me*

gledl, or OmilHon; every such Person and Persons shall pav the Cods of such Summons or Conviction,

according to the Fees herein before directed to be taken by' Justices of the Peace, or their Clerks; and the

Distress to be taken in Consequence of such Conviction, (bill he for such Colts as well ns the other

Monies for which such Distress shall be made; any Stature, Law, Cuitom, or Usage, to the contrary in

any wise notwithstanding.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Fees to be taken by any Justice or Justices of the Fee* to Ketaicea

Peace, or his or their Clerk or Clerks, for any Matter or Thing to be done in the Execution of this A61, by Juices,

shall be as follow; (that is to say) For each and every Information, Summons, or Conviction, against a

single Person, One Shilling, and against more than One Person, Two Shillings; for every Warrant of

Diitrefs Two Shillings; and for every Recognizance, Two Shillings and Si pence: And no greater or

other Fees shall be taken by any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or his or their Clerk or Clerks,

for any Matter or Thing to be done by him or them in or about the Execution of this Act, on any Ac-

count or Pretence whatsoever: Provided that nothing herein contained shall be conlirued to extend to

such Fees as shall be due for any Bufintfs to be done at the General or other Sessions of the Pence in and

for the said Town of Southampton, or any Adjournment thereof; but that such Fees shall be there takejt

as are usually taken in the like Cafes.

LXXX III. Provided also, That'all Matters and Things herein directed to be done, performed, or ex-burn* Fee

ecuted by any Constable or Conftalles, or which in Coniequence or in the Execution ofr this A :t, or any CoalUide, &c.

Power or Authority herein contained, shall be necessary to be done, perform.d, or executed by any Con-

stable, Headborough, Tithinginan, or other Peace Officer, without any Fee or Reward whatsoever.

LXXXI V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor and late Comm ffionmi*

Mayor for the said Town for the Time being, and for the o/ner Justices of the Peace of and for the said tb*-Comm moa

Town, to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being appointed ju^cau

Commissioners. J c

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further ennflcd, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justicej may mi-

Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any of the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed t sate pcmiiue

shall be recovered, to mitigate, compound, or lefien any of the Penalties or Forfeitures aforesaid, as he

5 B 2 1

