A, D. 1766. Anno fcxto Georgii III* C. 46. 257

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for explaining Part of an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, relating to the Removal for Home Consumption of Spirits made for Exportation;

for laying an additional Duty upon the Importation of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies; for

allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic to Ireland

free of Duty, for the Use of the Manufacturers there ; for permitting the Importation into

this Kingdom, from the Isle of Man, of a certain Quantity of Bugles ; and for altering

certain Regulations relating to the Tonnage of Ships exporting and importing Spirits.

* TX 7 HERE AS by a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his Preamble, wit.

4 VV present Majesty, intituled. An Act for more effequally preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Li- ingCUufe in Act'

4 quors for Home Consumption 9 by laying additional Duties upon Spirits made in Great Britain, or imported into * Gco* ^ Ct 5*~

c the fame \ and for better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits; and for Jecu*

4 ring the Payment of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors; it was, amongst other Things, provided and en-

4 acted, That if any Distiller or Distillers for Exportation, after he, lhe, or they, have deport ted any-

4 Spirits made for Exportation (whether raw or rectified) in manner as by the foid Act is directed, in

4 a Warehouse or Warehouses, should be desirous of urtng any such Spirits for Home Consumption, and

4 should signify such his, her, or their Desire to the Commissioners of Excise for the time being, it

4 should and might be lawful for the said Commissioners, or apy two of them; to direct the Quantity of

4 Spirits, so deired, to be taken out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, and delivered to such Distiller or

4 Distillers, he, (he, or they, having first duly paid to the proper Officer of Excise appointed to receive

4 the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits, the Sum of forty Pounds ten Shillings for each Ton of such

4 Spirits of the Strength they were taken into such Warehouse, videlicet, one to fix under Hydrometer

4 Proof: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether, by virtue of the above-recited Clause, any Spirits

4 made for Exportation, other than Spirits made from Corn, may be delivered out of such Warehouse or

4 Warehouses to be used for Home Consumption, on Payment of forty Pounds ten Shillings for each Toil

4 thereof:’ Now, for obviating such Doubts for the future, may it please your Mft fty, that it may be Power grtnted*

enacted and declared ; and be it enacted and declared by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and by and br the recited

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par- C,aurc dfcla^.

Lament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, .That the Power granted by the said recited Clause SpiJitTonly u

to remove spirits made for Exportation from l ut h Warehouses, to be used for Home Consumption, on made from

Payment of forty Pounds ten Shillings for each I on of Inch Spirits, was intended to extend to such Spi- Com, M*lt, or

rits as are made from Corn, Malt, or Melasses* and to Inch Spirits only.

II. Provided always, That no less Quantity than a Ten of such Spirits shall be taken out of any such Nodef« than r"

Warehouse, at any one Time, for Home Consumption. Ton to intake*M

, * m out at a Time*

4 III. And whereas the laying an additional Duty on Silk Crnpcs and Tiffanies of the Manufacture of for Home Con*

€ Italy, may encourage the Manufacture of such Crapes and Tiffanies in this Kingdom ;’ be it enacted by fumption.

the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and From and after

sixty-six, there shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Pound Weight of Silk 1 Au?ufti766p

Grapes and Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy imported into Great Britain (each Pound containing

sixteen Ounces) the Sum of seventeen Shillings and six Pence, over and above all other Rates and Duties pe, jyb° intake

by any Act or Acts of Parliament imposed thereupon; and that the said additional Duty by this Act piaCe on jii iti-

granted, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in such Manner as the Duties now payable upon Silk »un Silk Crepe*

Crapes and Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy, have been raised, levied, collected, and paid ; and all ?nd ^ iftame*

Monies which shall and may arise out of the said additional Duty, shall be carried to, and made Part of, tobc

the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund$ and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the earned into, and-*

fame Sinking Fund, and shall be issued and applied to such Ufcs and Purposes as the several Excertes, made Part of.

Surpluses, or Overplus Monies, comporting the Sinking Fund, are or may be issued and applied ; and all the sinking

Provisions of or in every Act, Law, or Statute, now in Force, for railing, levying, collecting, and paying tu,d*

the Duties already imported on Silk Crapes and Tiffanies of the Manufacture of fta/y9 shall be in full

Force, and shall be putin Execution, for trailing, levying, collecting, and paying, the additional Duty

by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been parti-

cularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the A Drawback or

said first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, upon the Exportation of such Silk one b.alf ot tbc

Crapes and Tiffanies, which shall have paid the said Duty by this Act imposed, there shall be allowed a beallolred^

Drawback of one half of the said additional Duty of seventeen Shillings and six Pence upon every Pound upon ^Expor-*

Weight of such Crapes and Tiffanies so exported, (each Pound containing sixteen Ounces) which said ution thereof.

Drawback shall be made or allowed according to such Rules and Methods as Drawbacks ere allowed by

any Law now in Force relating to the Customs on the Exportation of such Silk Crapes and Tiffanies.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the fourteenth Day of From *nd ifirr

fune9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Ma- 14 June,17

jesty’s Subjects, being Natives of Great Britain or Ireland, to export from Great Britain to Ireland^ to be Ireland

used in the Linen Manufactures of that Kingdom, any Quantity of Gum Senega or Gum Arabic, so that M^uanJi/of

V OL. X. Li the Gam SttUaga m

