A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. C. 10, rr. 527

XXXI. And b'e it further enacted, That no Act or Order of the said Commissioners, wirh respect to No Aa of c^m-

paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets and Lanes within the said Parish and ™‘K°nets hgai

Borough, shall be valid, unless done or made at foire publick Meeting; and every such Act and Order w*

so nude, shall be entered in a Book to be for that Purpose kept by the Treafuier cr Clerk to the said *ceting*

Commissioners; which said Book, and all other Books and Entries relating to, or which otherwise con- Entne* to'

cern or contain any Account or Accounts relative to, the Piirpofcs of this Act, shall be produced at every

publick Meeting; to the End that all or any of the Inhabitants of the said Parish and Borough may,.iu»Vd at Meet-

if they think proper, inspect the fame without Fee or Reward. inrs.

XXXII. And be it further enacted. That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any NXonvift'cn *0

Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or be qmflyd for

transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, Avail he vacated or quashed for want of Form, or wanto‘rmoor

be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty’s Courtsremovc

of Record at Westminster ; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwi.hstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor and Mayor, &r. rmy-

Justice of the Peace for the Borough of New JVindfor to act,as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of*1*as Jufllccs*

this Act, notwithstanding their being appointed Commissioners.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Lunation of

Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof AdlLns*

riven in Writing to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners, or after Six Months next after the

raff committed for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such

Action shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County of Berts, and not elsewhere; and that the Defen-

dant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and givaGeneral

this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and

that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was

done in Pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to be

so done; or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice

thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid ; or if any such

Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid,

in any other County then as aforesaid ; then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or De-

fendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be Lund for such Defendant or Defendants; or if the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become Nonfuired, or fuller a Dif-

continuance of such Action or Actions, or if, upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Ac-

tions, Judgment shall be given for ^he Defendant or Defendants therein ; then, and in either of the

Cafes aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for Treble Curti.

recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his* her, or their Costs in any other

Cafes at Law.

XXXV. And be it further enacted. That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this AftE*p«™* of p»f-

shall be paid out of the First Monies to be raised by the Rates or Assessments to be collected by virtue Dfr,n* lhl*.^bov*

this Act, or the Money to be borrowed upon the Credit thereof. 10 c pai

XXXVf. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act - Publick Act*

and shall be judiciously taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons without fpccl-

a!ly pleading the same*

CAP. XT.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the Seventh anj Eighth Years of the Reign of

King William the Third, intituled, An Act lo encourage the bringing Plate into the Adint to

hi coined, and for the further remedying the ill Slate of the Coin of the Kingdom, as retrains

any Person keeping an Inn, Tavern, Alehouse, or Victualling-house, or felling Wine, Ale,

Beer, or any other Liquors, by Retail, from publickly using any wrought or manufactured

Plate, or any Utenfrl or Vessel thereof, except Spoons-, and for putiing an End to Prose-

cutions commenced for Offences against such Part of the said Act-

* HER EA S by an Act made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty Preamble, mits.

4 V V King William the T hird, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate in!o the Mint to be coined, ingCUute m Act

4 and fer the further remedyng the HI State of the Coin of the Kingdom, it was enacted. That from and 7 s 8 Wni* 11

4 after the Fourth Day of May, which should be in the Year of our Lord One thoufanJ fix hundredC’

4 2nd ninety-six, no Person keeping any Inn, Tavern, Alehouse, or Vifttialing-house, or felling Wine,

4 Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors, by Retail, should publickly ufc, or expose to be used, in such hb cr

4 her House, any wrought or manufactured Plate whatsoever, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof (except

4 Spoons) under the Penalty of forfeiting the fame, or the full Value thereof, together with full Colls of

4 Suit, to him, her, or them, w ho should fuc for the fiur.e: And whereas the said Rcilriftion hath been

l ' 4 found.

