A.D. 1770. Aftrto decimo Georgii III. C. 22. 687

be (worn, or on any such Jury or Juries, as beingfworn thereon, shall not give his or their Verditt, or

/hall in any otherwise wilfully neglect his or their Duty; and, from Time to Time, to levy such Fine or

Fines, by Order of the said Justices irt Session as aforesaid, as the Cafe may require, by Distrcfs and

‘ Sale of the Offender's Goods, together with the jeasonable Charges^of every such Distress and Sale, re-

turning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner; and all such Fines, which shall be recovered and received,

shall be accounted for and applied towards the Purposes of this Att.

XIX. ‘And whereas, by reason of the Purchases which the said Commissioners are hereby impowered Commissioners

€ to make by virtue of this Att, they may happen to be seised or pofl'efled of some Piece or Pieces Gf ,mr,owered to Jel1

c Ground, Engine, Pipes, or Materials, over and above what may be necessary for the Purposes of this ®v"?Iu»Ground>

€ Ad;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said *

Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, again to sell and dispose of any Part of the Ground, En-

gine, Pipes, or Materials which shall be so purchased, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find

most advantageous and convenient to dispose of, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract

for and purchase the fame, giving Preference to the Person or Persons of whom the fame shall have been

purchased.

XX. Provided always, That the Monies to arise by Sale of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, or any Application *f

Building, Engine, Pipes, or Materials, fh:dl be applied for the respective Purposes of this Add, and'to or the Money,

for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever. ,

XXI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the present or any future Water- Water-work*,

works, Reservoirs, Water^houses, or other Premifts occupied or to be occupied and 11 fed as Part of such exempted

Works, shall not be rated or a defied for or towards the Land-tax, Church or Poors Rate, or any otherfrom

Rates, Taxes, or Payments, Ward or Parochial whatsoever.

XXII. ‘ And whereas the several Parishes within the said City of Worcester are not at present provided parishes to*p«r-

with a sufficient Number of Lamps for lighting the fame,’ be it therefore further cnatted by the Autho- chafe Lamps,

rity aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawiul to and for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor

of the several Parishes within the said City (the Parish of Saint Clejnent excepted), and their Successors, or

the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorised and required, to contract wi:h any Person or Per-

fons for such a Number of additional Lamps to be set up in each of the said Parishes (except as aforesaid),

and for Lamp-irons, Posts, and other necttVary Materials and Utensils, and of such Sorts as the said Com-

missioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any General Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Att,

shall, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, dire# and appoint; and from and after such Contrails Lamps verted ta

and Purchases made as aforesaid, all the said additional Lamps, Lamp-irons, Posts, and other Materials ^omrajffioner*

and Utensils whatsoever, and also all and every the other Lamps now belonging to the several Parishes

within the said City, and all the Lamp-irons, Posts, and other Things belonging and affixed thereto,

shall be and are hereby vested in the Commissioners.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any and’to J*reP|,at*

Seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to dirett and appointed Jrthcra*

in what Parts of the said several Parishes the said Lamps {hall be set up or continued, and to what Houses,

Buildings, or other Places in the said City they shall be affixed; and also dirett and appoint the Number

and Sort of Lamps, and for how long Time the fame shall continue lighted; and, out of the Monies

to be raised by virtue of this Att, to cause the fame to be set up, replaced, lighted, Supported, repaired* t

and provided with all Requisites; and also shall and may, from Time to Time, make such other Orders,

Rules, and Regulations, as shall be agreeable to the Directions of this Act, and from Time to Time

vary, alter, revoke, or make void any of their Orders, Rules, and Regulations, at their Discretion, and

do such other Things as to them shall appear necessary and expedient for putting this Act in Execution.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Inhabitants may

for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes within the said City, or the.*®

major Part of them for the Time being, to make Assessments upon the Inhabitants of their respective Pa-

rishes, for raifine such Sums of Money as shall be wanting for purchafingjjf additional Lamps, Lamp-

irons, Posts, and other Materials as aforesaid, in such and the same Manner as Aftefi'ments are usually

made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parishes; and the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the

Poor, and all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace of and for the said City, are hereby inverted

with such and the like Powers and Remedies for enforcing the aliening, col letting, levying, and re-

ceiving, of the Monies specified in such Alieftments, as are given to them in and by an Att of Parliament made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, inti.uled, An Act

for the Relief of the Poor; or in and by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force relative to the

Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom; and in case the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall

refuse or neglect to make such Assess'ments, or to collttt the Monies thereby rated and act’efied, or other-

wife be remiss in their Duty in the Prcrniies; every Person and Persons so offending, shall, for every

such Offence, incur and forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds to the Commissioners herein before appointed,

to be applied for the Purposes of this Att.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, That no Person shall be liable to be rated or pay to such Assessments, hut nor without

for or in respect of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements that are fuuated without the Liberties of the ft*.c L,t*rncs of

said City of mrctjitr. Wo,«a«.

XX VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissionrs, or any One Penalty on da-

or more of them, is and arc hereby authorilcu and impowered, in his or their N;.me or Names, to bring

Attions and prosecute Indittmuits against any Person or Persons for Healing, taking, or carrying away, 'V1 u

breaking, extinguishing, fpoding, or damaging any Lamp or Lamps, or the furniture or Materials there-

to belonging, which now are or hereafter shall be, by vinue of tftis Act, set up or affixed in any of the

1 Parishes,

.

