A.D. 1770

Anno decimo Georgii III,

7*9

C. 53-

cap. LIII.

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Thirty-firrt; Year of the Reign of His late Majesty

King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of CoaUheavers working upon

the River Thames; and for enabling them to make Provision for such of themselves as shall

be ftck, lame, or fast their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans \ and to regulate

the Trice ol their Labour; to prevent Frauds and Impositions on such Labourers; and

for their further Relief.

4 \ T J HEREAS an A£ made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King PrcambI#;’

George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Coal-heavers wording upon the River -

4 Thames; and for enabling tbrm to make a Provision jor such of themselves as shall be Jtck, lame, or paJl

4 their Labour, and for their JVidozvs and Orphans; hath been found ineffectual to answer the good

4 Purposes thereby intended; and for want of due Regulation in Payment of the Wages and Hire

4 of the Paid Coal-heavers, being Labourers employed in unloading Ships laden with Coals, great

4 Impositions and Frauds have been committed by Coal-undertakers, being Persons employed to

4 procure Coal-heavers to unload such Ships on the River Thames; whereby such Coal-heavers have

4 been deprived of great Part of the Fruits of their Labour, by means whereof great Disturbances

and Inconveniencies havearifen: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; After 24 June, 1773V

4 and' be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the At\f 31 Gto'.z*

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by c- 76- mf printed in the*

the Authority of the same. That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand jU/u^a°lle^Td°f pub'

seven hundred and seventy, the Paid A cl, and every Part thereof, shall be and ftaiul repealed. c 5# rcpca c

II. And be it further enacted, That no Coal-undertaker Thall take, receive, or demand, of or Coal undertaker! not to

from any Coal-heaver, any Sum or Sums of Money, or other valuable Thing whatsoever, as or for h^v^r?between

Commission, or as a Reward or Gratuity in procuring such Coal-heaver to be employed in unload- London eTi?anT*

ing Ships loaded with Coals between London Bridge and Greenuichy nor by or under Pretence of Greenwich, on penalty

furnishing Shovels or other Tools for that Purpose, or by or under any other Pretence or Claim ot'51. and Incapacity,

whatsoever, under the Penalty of Five Pounds for every Offence, and of being rendered for ever

thereafter incapable of exercising the Trade or Buftncfs of a Coal-undertaker;

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Coal-undertaker, before he CoaI-nndrrt.<k<T to

shall undertake to procure Coal-heavers to unload any such Ship loaden with Coals as aforesaid, {hall take the following Oatfcw

take and subscribe the following Oath before the Lord Mayor, or one of the Aldermen of the City }

of London; that is to say,

T A B. do swear. That I will well and truly exercise thcBufinefs of a Coal-undertaker; and that ’

1 folong as I shall continue to exercise that Buftnefs, I will in all Things conform niyfelf to the

Directions of an Act of Parliament made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty King George the Third,

intituled, An Act to repeal an Act pa fed in the Thirty-fit ft Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King

George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Coal-heavers working upon the River

Thames; and for enabling them ta make Provision for such of themselves as shall be ft« k, lame, or

past their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans; and to regulate the Price of their Labour; *

to prevent Frauds and Impoficions on such Labourers j ^nd for their further Relief. . ,

' So help me G O t)/ 1

Upon pain of forfeiting for every Ship loaden with Coals, for the Discharge of which he {hall under'- Penalty on “

take to procure Coal-heavers, the Sum of Five Pounds; which said Oath {hall be inrolled among Qath to bc jnro;lcd| ’J

the Records of the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London aforesaid. , *

IV. And be it further enacted, That no such Coal-undertaker {hall be a Victualler, or concerned vi£huil<*rs, not tt>

directly or indirectly, either in his own Name or in the Name of any other Person, or by way of aft as Coal-undertaker*,

Partnership or Agreement, to receive any P^rt of the Profits of such Trade, or in any other Manner 1

in the felling Bread, Meat, or other Eatables, Wine, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, or other Drink

of any Kind or Species whatsoever, or of Tobacco, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of Five 5 an*'tk

'Pounds, and of being rendered incapable for ever of exercising the said Buftnefs of a Coal-underta- nc*p’, Uky'

ker: And if any such Coal-undertaker after Conviction, and being adjudged to pay such last men-

tioned Penalty, or the Penalty herein before inflicted for taking, receiving, or demanding any Sum

or Sums of Money, or other valuable Thing whatsoever, ns Commission, or ns a Rcwaid or Gra-

tuity for procuring Coal-heavers to be employed in unloading Ships loaden with Coals, {h ill again

undertake to procure Coal-heavers to unload Ships loaden with Coals 7 such Offender shall, for

every Ship loaden in Part or in the Whole with Coals, which he {hall, after such Conviction and rubfcc*u'fl'

Adjudication, undertake to procure Coal-heavers to unload, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five

Pounds. r '

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty- fourth Prrfonj difihargfrg 1

Day of Juney One thousand seven hundred and seventy, there shall be one fixed and settled Price Coal-ship* to beatf©vv»d

for the Hire or Labour of all such Persons as {hall be employed in discharging Ships or Vessels loaded ”0^,0"fo^rcaLcr W-

with Coal in the River Thamesy videlicet. One Shilling and Sixpence per bcore, and no more, and r7ir<n uTniicj|rMter

L lQ

