86

C. 40, Anno quinto Georgii III. A. D. 1765;

tained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and discharginjj, such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Pre-

mium, Rate, or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money

sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respec-

tive Proprietors thereof.

Bank authori*- X. And be it declared and further enacted the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful

ed to lend the for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to his Majesty in like Manner

f*id Sum, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of

notwithstanding Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of two million and one hundred thousand Pounds; any thing

Act 5 u 6 Will, in an Act made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King H'tliia?n and Queen Mary, intituled,

*c Mary, c. 20. 4 An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels* and

* upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; for Securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the Said A<£t

4 mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand

4 Pounds towards carrying on the War against Franceto the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Sums to be tp- XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of one hundred thirty-five

plied; riz. thousand two hundred thirteen Pounds five Shillings and one Farthing, remaining in the Receipt of the

*35,1131. 5 s. Exchequer on the tenth Day of October^ one thousand Seven hundr ed and sixty-four, for the Disposition of

jiq. remaining parliament, of the Monies which had then arisen of the Surpluses, Ex cedes, or overplus-monies, and

in ioio&°er ot^er Revcnues of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; and also a Sum, not exceeding three

*764, unap- hundred and eight thousand Pounds, of the Monies agreed to be paid by a Convention between his Majesty

■plied of the and the French King, concluded and signed at London the twenty-seventh Day of February, one thousand

Sinking Fund; seven hundred and sixty-five, for the Maintenance of the late French Prisoners of War ; and also the Sum

303.000 La- cf eighty thousand Pounds remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, granted to his Majesty in the lall

b^the^rench Session of Parliament, upon Accounr, for defraying the Charge of the ray and Cloathing of the Militia

King on 27 Feb. for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March) one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four; and

1765 ; also a Sum, not exceeding twelve thousand Pounds, out of the Monies which shall arise of the Produce of

Fo,coo 1. re- the Duties laid by an Add made in this Session of Parliament, upon the Importation and Exportation of

Aaining in the Gum Senega and Gum Arabic, shall and maybe issued and applied at the said Receipt, for and to-

granted°the* 1 aft war^s making good the said Supply ; and the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury now or for the time

Session for Pay being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, is or are hereby authorized

and cloathing of and impowered to issue and apply the fame accordingly.

the Militia ;

11.000 1. Produce of the Duties granted this Session on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic.

*151,7401. as. XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Sum of two hundred fifty-one

7 d. 3 q. out of thousand seven hundred and forty Pounds two Shillings and seven Pence three Farthings, be granted to

^ E*'ecdinS* his Majesty, upon Account, out of the Monies remaining to be applied, of the Exceedings of the several

Sums6granted Sums provided by Parliament for sundry Services, and of the Monies that have been paid into the Hands

for fundrv Ser- of the Pay master-general of his Majesty's Land-forces, by Contractors and others, to the twenty-third

Vices, and of the Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, towarJs discharging such unsatisfied Claims and

Monies, paid in Demands, for Expences incurred during the late War in Germany, as appear to be due by the Reports of

to tht Payrnaf. ^ Commissioners, appointed by his Majesty, for examining and stating such Claims and Demands ; and

Con^raftors and the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or

others, to heap- the High Treasurer for the time being, is or are hereby authorized and impowered to issue and apply the

plied towards fame accordingly.

discharging the

unsatisfied Claims for Expences incurred in Germany during the late War ;

60,0c o 1. out of

the Monies

granted the last

Sdlion, and re-

served for the

Difn< fit on of

Parliament, to

be^pplied to-

wards maintain-

ing the Forces

and Garrisons in

America.

Appropriation of

the Supplies.

The Monies

anting by the

Malt Tax, 5

Geo. 3. c, 2.

Land Tax, 5

Geo, 3. c, 5.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Sum, not exceeding sixty thousand

Pounds of the Monies arisen or to arise out of such of the Duties granted or continued by an Act made in

the last Session of Parliament, as were thereby directed to be reserved in the Exchequer to be disposed of by

Parliament, towards defraying the necessary Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the British

Colonies and Plantations in America, be issued and applied towards maintaining his Majesty js Forces and

Garrisons in the Plantations, and for Provisions for the Forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfound-

land) and the ceded Islands, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and the Commis-

sioners of his Majesty’s Treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the High

Treasurer for the time being, is or are hereby authorized and impowered to issue and apply the fame

accordingly.

XtV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all the Monies coming

into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one A eft of this Session of Parliament,

intituled, 4 An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and

4 Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five;’ and so much Money, if any

such be, of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or

tobe made on the fame Act. and all the Interest, Premium, Rate, and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby

allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money suficient shall be reserved in the r.xchequer

to satisfy and discharge the fame ; and also all the Monies coming into the Exchequer, c itl'.cr by Loans or Ex-

chequer Bills, upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, 4 An Act for granting an Aid to his

4 Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred

4 and fix:y-five and so much Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted as shall arise or remain after

3 all

C.ooooie

