Anno decimo Georgii III.

A.D. 17

r

for Footways

rtuy be lodged.

71O C. 23.

Tcifons acciden- LXXVII. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Person*

Lonps*”o^make carelessly or accidentally break, throw down, or damage any Lamp or Lamps, hung out or set up by

sVifSua.ou. Order of the said Commissioners, within the Limits aforesaid, or the irons or other Furniture thereof,

and shall not immediately, upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto ; then, and in

every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for any One Justice of the Peace in and for the said

County, or City and Liberty respe<3ively, upon Complaint to him made by One or more credible Witness

or Witnesses, tosummon before him the Party dr Parties who shall be complained of for doingfuch Da*

mages as aforesaid ; and upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on both Sides, or Nonappearance of the

Party or Parties so complained of, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Satisfaction to the

01 Nonpayment, Owner of such Lamp or Lamps, or to the said Commissioners, as the Cafe shall be, (or such Damages, as

iruy be levied, such Justice shall think reasonable; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay any Sum or Sums of Money so

awarded, within Ten Days after Demand, to cause the fame to be levied as Fines, Penalties, and For*

feiturcs are by this Act herein after directed to be levied.

£rrr£ce LXXym. And it is hereby further enacted, That every Occupier of any House or Tenement within

C* nCC the Limits aforesaid, and, in respelt to Inmates, every House-owner, shall Once in Every Day, between

the Hours of Eight and Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, ferape, sweep, and cleanfc the

Foot-way all along the Front of their respetftive Houses and Tenements, or cause the fame to be feraped,

swept,^ and clcanfcd ; and in Default thereof shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of

Two Shillings; to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more

Justice or JuOices of the Peace for the said County, or City and Liberty of Westminster refneltively, upon

the Oaths of Two or more credible Wifnesses, which Oath the said Justice or Justices of the Peace is and

v . are hereby required and impowered to administer.

ere a.ena* LXXIX. And it is hereby further enabled, That during the Time any Square, S reet, Lane, Court,

Yard, Mews, Alley, Passage, or Place, shall be new-paving or repairing, under the Dire£\ion of the said

Commissioners, they shall have Power to order the necessary Materials to be lodged in that or any ad-

joining Street or Place, or Streets or Places, according to their Discretion, as also to flop the Way through

any adjacent Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Mews, Alley, Passage, or Place, so long as they shall

judge necessary ; and all Persons alting under their Direction as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified from

any Prosecution or A&ioft whatsoever, except where such Materials shall be lodged upon, or over, or

within Six Feet of the Fire-plug or Cock; and no such Materials shall be deposited in or near the End of

any narrow Street or Place, in such Manner as to prevent the Admission of tire Engines.

Sune ^ LXXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at

j uc uncy*any Time or Times from and after the passing of this Act, obstruct, hinder, or molest, any Surveyor or

Surveyors* or ocher Officer or Officers, Person or Persons whomsoevsr, who are or shall be employed

by the said Commissioners to nut this Alt in Execution, in the Performance or Execution of their Duty;

every Person or PersonB so offending, shall, for the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings,

for the Second Offence, the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence, the Sura

of Three Pounds.

LXXXf. 4 And whereas there is not in the said Parish of Sint Mary U Bone, any sufficient Authority

4 by Law for any Person or Persons. to examine Weights and Measures, by reason whereof great Incoii-

4 venieneies may arise to the Inhabitants thereof \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are

hereby required at their First Meeting, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and on or before the

First Day of Afrit, in every succeeding Year, to make a List in Writing of a sufficient Number of House-

holders residing within the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, whom they the said Commissioners shall

/think fitly qualified for that Purpose ; and such Commissioners shall direct and order their Clerk or Clerks,

to issue Summonses in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, or in Print, and signed by the said

Clerk or Clerks, requiring such Inhabitants, being Householder$v to be and appear before the said Com-

missioners, at the Time and Place in such Summons to be mentioned ; and such Commissioners shall and

may nominate and appoint so many as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Number of Constables in

the said Parish of Saint Mary le Bone\ and that the several Persons so nominated and appointed, shall be,

and be called Inspelfors of Weights, Balances, and Measures, within the said Parish; and shall take an

Oath to the Effeit following (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, are

hereby impowered to administer):

Penalty on ob-

Infpctfnr* of

Weights and

Measures to be

«j>poiated»

InfptAorf'Oath. c ▼ AB do swear. That during the Time of my Continuance in the Office whereunto I am now ap-

€ JL pointed, I will diligently, from Time to Time, inspelt the Weights, Balances, and Measures, in

« the several Houses and Shops, in this Parish ; and that I will not nrefent any Person or Thing through

c Hatred or Malice, nor leave the fame unpresented through Love, Favour, or Affeltion.

4 So help me G 0 D>

Pc»alty on Per- LXXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person, who

son* rctufingto shall {U(Umoned as aforesaid to take upon him the said Office of an Inspeltor of Weights, Balances,

ierve as ini^et- and Measures, shall neglelt or refuse to appear according to the Direction of such Summons, or appearing

shall refuie to take upon him the said Office (being thereunto appointed) every Person so offending, shall

forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds ; which said Sum shall be set upon him by the said Commissioners,

or any Seven or more of them, by way of Fine for such his Contempt or Refusal to take upon him the said

Office, and shall be applied to the Purposes of this Alt.

LXXXIIE And

e

