A. D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. C. 23. 719

CXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Per- ^crrcn5

fons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any’Rate or Rates, Assessment or A fiefs- J^YncOn la-

ments, or any other Matter or Thing done or directed to be done in pursuance of this Act, such Person feiiiJns. f

or Persons shall apoly for Relief to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, at any Meeting

to be held within One Month next after Demand made of such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments,

or next after any such Matter or Thing done and committed by or by Order of the said Commissioners ;

and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and impowered (if they shall think such Person or Per-

fons aggrieved) to give such Relief in the Premises as to them shall f ern necefi'ary ; and if such Person

or Persons shall not be satisfied with the Determination of such Commissioners, he, she, or they shall be

obliged to pay such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and to comply with such Order of the said

Commissioners ; and then shall and may appeal to the Quarter-session of the Peace to be holden for the

said County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of JVeflmiiifier, as the Cafe shall be, within Three Months

next after such Determination of the said Commissioners; such Appellant first giving or causing to be NToticeofAppeal

given Twenty-one Days Notice at the lead in Writing of his or her Intention to oring such Appeal, and to bc felvcn*

of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to such Commissioners, and within Two Days next

after such Notice, entering into Recognizance before such Justice of the Peace for such County, or City

and Liberty of Westminster, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide

the Order thereof, and to pay such Colls as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter-sessions ;

and the said Justices at such Quarter-ft. ftions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as afoiedid,

and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the causes and Matters of such

Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing, or appealed against, as they

the said Justices shall think proper ; and the Determination of such Justices at their Quajter-sessions shall

be final, binding, and bc condusive.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Nomination, Appointment, Information, Order, Judge- Writ:ng»to be

ment, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, or Assignment, Transfer, or other Security for the borrowing without Stamps,

of Money, or other Writing whatsoever under the Hand and Seal or Hards and Seals of, or only signed

by any Commissioner or Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or by any Justice or Justices of

the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, touching, concerning, or in Execution of any of the

Powers or Authorities hereby vested in such Commissioner or Commissioners, or justice or Justices of the

Peace, or any of them, or Transfer or Assignment of any of the Securities aforesaid made by any Terfon

or Persons, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

CXXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rate or Rates, Assessment or ProreHfn-s not-

Afleilments; nor any Proceeding to bc had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against: to be quashed for

this Act, or any Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or transaded in or relating to the want rf FormF

Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or by nor rrmrvcjblc

any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at WeshninJier ; any 0? ^moran.

Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CaXXI. And be it further enadeJ by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Costs, Charges, and Ex- Frpences of the-

pences of passing this Act, and all other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof, shall be borne, paid, Aci how to be

and defrayed out of the First Monies arising by virtue of this Act.

! CXXaII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall bc com- L*im5tatjcn 0*

menced against apy Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty-one

Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, or

after sufficient Satisfaction or 'Tender thereof has been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six

Calendar Months next after the Fad committed fur which such AcH nor Actions, Suit or Suits Hi all be lb

brought; and all such Actions or Suits shall be 'aid and tried in the County of Middlesex, or City and

Liberty of IVe/imivJlcr respectively, and not in any other County, City or Mace; and that the D-ft ndanX

or Defendants in such Action or Actions, Suit and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General General Issue.

Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had

thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for or on which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits shall be

brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act ; and if the said Matter or Thing Hull

appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one

Days Notice thereof liven as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfadi n was made or tendered as aforesaid ;

or if any such Action o; Suit shall net he commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited,

or shall be laid in any oMvr County or Mace than as aforesaid ; then the Jury or Juries shall find for the

Defendant or Defendants tn.on ; and if a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or

if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Aftfton or Actions, Suit or Suit y shall become nonsuited, or fuller a

Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits ; or if, upon a Demurrer or Demurrers in such

Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, Judgment {hall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then,

and in eitherof the Cafes aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have'Treble Costs, and shall have Treble Ceil*.

such Remedies for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their

Costs, in other Cafes by Law.

XXXIII And bc it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act find 1 be allowed, in nil i’ublkk A0.

Courts whatsoever, aj a Publick Act ; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, a.e hereby r.-quned to

ukc Notice thereof as such. without ecially pleading the fcm:.

C A F.

