270

Repeal of cer-

tain Duties in

America, upon

Foreign Melasses

or Syrups 5

British Sugar }

and upon British

Coffee and Pi-

mento ;

and upon certain

Fa ft India

Goods, Cam-

bricks, and

French Lawns,

exported from

Great Britain ;

and upon Coals;

and certain East

India Goods,

&c.

Duties to cease

on I Aug. 1766.

Condition of

the Bond to be

given on Expor-

tation of Eait

India Goods to

the BritUh Ame-

rican Domi-

nions.

And from and

after 1 Nov.

j 766, the fol-

lowing Duties

are to take place

in lieu of those

repealed 5 viz,

on Melasses

and Syrups,

Coffee,

and Pimento.

^Exception.

Certified Mclaf-

fes and Syrups

from Dominica

not chargeable.

From and after

1 Aug, 1766, an

additional Sub-

fidy to be paid

for Silk Bast

India Goods 5

and upon Calli-

cocs publickly

fold in Great

Britain before

X June, 1765;

those exported

to Hfrica except-

ed $ viz, 5 I,

C. 52. Anno sexto Georgii lit. A. D. 1766.

this present Parliament affemWed, and by the Authority of the same. That all the Duties imposed by any

Act or Acts of Parliament upon Melasses or Syrups of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of any

foreign American Colony or Plantation, imported into any British Colony or Plantation in America \ and

also the Duties imposed by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

(for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation

Trade) upon Sugar, of the Growth, Production, and Manufacture, of the British Plantations in America*

which should be laden there ; and also the Duties imposed by an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reiga

of his present Majesty, for granting certain Duties in the BritiJI) Colonies and Plantations in America,

and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, upon Coffee and Pimento, of the Growth and Pro-

duce of any British Colony and Plantation in America, which should be shipped to be carried out from

thence, except to Great Britain, shall, from and after the first Day of November, one thousand seven hun-

dred and sixty-six, cease, determine* and be no longer paid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties imposed by the last

mentioned Act upon wrought Silks, Bcngals, and Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba, of the Manufacture

of Perfta, China, or East India, and upon Callicoes painted, dyed, printed, or stained there, and upon

foreign Linen Cloth, called Cambrick, and upon French Lawns, imported into any British Colony or Plan-

tation in America, from Great Britain, shall, from and after the first Day of October* one thousand seven

hundred and sixty-six, cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties imposed by an Act made in

the last Section of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Coals; and of several East

India Goods, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, upon all wrought Silks, Bengals, and

Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba, of the ManufaChire of Perjla, China* or East India* and upon Callicoes

printed, dyed, painted, or stained there, which shall be shipped for Exportation from Great Britain to any

Part beyond the Seas, except to Africa, or the BritiJI) Dominions in America* shall, from and after the first

Day of August* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and

from thenceforth so much of the last recited Act as directs, that upon the Entry of any Eajt India Goods

herein before mentioned for Exportation to the British Dominions in America, the Bond for the due Ex-

portation of such Goods shall be with further Condition, that the fame shall be there landed accordingly,

and not in any other Port or Place beyond the Seas, and to produce a Certificate within eighteen Months

under the Hands and Seals of the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs residing at the Port

or Place in the British Dominions in America, for such of the said Goods as shall be landed there, testifying

the landing thereof, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be, repealed. ,

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the said first Day of

November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Rates and Duties herein after mentioned;

that is to say.

For every Gallon (Wine Measure) of Melasses and Syrups, which shall be imported or brought (except

as is herein after-mentioned) into any Colony or Plantation in America, which now is, or hereafter may

be, under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, one Penny.

For every Hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee, of the Growth and Produce of any British Colony or

Plantation in America, which shall be imported or brought from thence into any other British Colony or

Plantation in America, seven Shillings.

And for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of such British Pimento, which shall, in like Manner, be im-

ported or brought into any such British Colony or Plantation, one Half-penny ; except only such British

Coffee and Pimento as shall be warehoused under the Regulations and Restrictions herein after-mentioned;

and after those Rates for any greater or less Quantity of such Goods respectively.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duty herein

before granted upon any Melasses or Syrups, shall not be charged or payable upon any Melasses or Syiups

imported into any BritiJI) Colony or Plantation on the Continent of America from the Island of Dominica,

for which a Certificate shall be produced upon the Importation thereof, to the Collector or other principal

Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation, under the Hand and Seal of Office of the Collector,

or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port of Exportation in Dominica* certifying that the said

Duty hath been there paid for such Melasses or Syrups •* any Thing herein before contained to the contrary

notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of Augufiy

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, there shall be also raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all wrought Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs mixed with Silk or

Herba, of the Manufacture of Persia* China, or East India ; and upon all Callicoes printed, dyed, painted,

or stained there, which shall have been nublickly fold in Great Britain on or before the fuft Day of Junet

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six ; except for such of the aforesaid Goods as shall be exported to

Africa* as herein after mentioned ; a further and additional Subsidy of twelve Per.te for every twenty

Shillings of the true and real Value of such Goods, to be ascertained by the Oath or Affirmation of the

Owner or Proprietor thereof, before the Colletor of his Majesty’s Customs for the Port where such Goods

shall be warehoused ; provided-the said Subsidy shall be paid down to such Collector in ready Money, with-

out any Deduction or Allowance whatsoever, on or before the first Day cf September, one thousand (even

hundred

boogie

