776

C.+5.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A. D. 1770.

♦n TV/i»Uy of jo 1.

I*or want ofDiflrfls, Of-

fender to k: committed.

order that the fame maybe (lain and buried in Manner as aforesaid, if deemed to be ill oftheDiftemper

now raging amongst the Horned Cattle, or of any infectious Disease, in the Opinion of the Officer

of such Parish or Place so summoned, and of Two other substarrtial Inhabitants of the said Parish or

Place, whom the said Officer is hereby impowered, by a Note in Writing under his Hand, to sum-

mon to his Assistance; and in case any Drover, or Person or Persons driving Horned Cattle, shall

fail herein, or shall conceal, or drive out of the Way, without giving such Notice, any such sick

Beast or Beads, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and in Disobedience to any

WIi. ... 1 >j Rules or Orders made by virtue thereof as aforesaid, he or they so offending shall forfeit and pay Ten

to be levied by Distrtfi. Pounds to the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Place wherein such Beast or Beasts shall be found ficlc

or dead ; to be levied on his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of

any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City or Town Corporate,

wherein such Drover, or Person or Persons driving such Horned Cattle, shall be taken ; and in case

of Nonpayment* such Drover or Person or Persons shall be committed to the Common Gaol of such

County, Shire, Stewartry, Riding, Division, Liberty, City or Town Corporate, thereto remain,

without Bail or Mainprize, for the Spaceof Six Calendar Months, or until he or they shall have paid

the said Penalty.

No Person to fe’l any XXII. And, for preventing Persons felling any Horned Cattle before they have been in their

Jivmc Ok, &C. during po(reflrion porty Days, contrary to such Orders and Regulations as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted,

icrt«Vthc*contrarwith• That no Person or Persons, during the Continuance of any such Orders and Regulations to the con-

out proper Certificate trary as aforesaid, shall fell or di.pose of any live Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, unlefshe

from jufliceorCommir or they shall, besides his, her. or their Compliance with such Directions as aforesaid, likewise first

honer of the Land Ta*, obtain a Cenificate under the Hand and Seal of some Justice of the Peace or Commissioner of the Land

Tax, specifying the Colours, and Number of Beasts so intended to be sold, and the Parish, Town-

ship, or Place from whence the fame are brought or intended to be carried in order for Sale, and the

Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners thereof, and that it appears to

such Justice or Commissioner, upon Examination on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or

Witn fles, that the Beasts .contained in such Certificate have been the Property and in the Pollession

•jidprodming the fame, of such Person or Persons for at least Forty Days before the Date of the said Certificate; and every

«md gnring aueftcdCopy person felling any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, determined by virtue of such Certificate, shall pro-

rc * duce the fame, and give a true Copy thereof, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to the

Person or Persons buying such Beasts ; and every Person felling any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or

Heifer without obtaining such Certificate, and every Person buying the fame without receiving a true

Copy thereof attested as aforesaid, during the Continuance of, and contrary to, such Orders as afore-

said, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for every (Jx, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer and Heifer

bought or fold contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, to be levied, adjudged, recovered,

applied and disposed of as is herein after directed to be levied, adjudged, recovered, applied

and di(nosed of.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if One or more Justiteor

Justices of the Peace shall suspeil any Person of buying, felling or driving any Ox, Bull, Cow,

Calf, Steer or Heifer, or of taking off the Hide from any infected Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Sieeror

Heifer which shall die of the said Distemper, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act,

and the Rules, Orders, and Regulations made or to be made as aforesaid by His Majesty in Council

jna fiunnHm him t*ap- pursuance thereof, or of not burying any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, contrary to this

Act, and Orders made in pursuance of the fame ; it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Juf-

Proof of Compliance to tlccs to Summon such Person to appear before him or them at a reasonable Time to be prefixed in such

lie on the Party. Summons ; and the Proof of complying with the Directions of this Act, and Orders made or to be

On Non appearance, or made as aforesaid, shall (lie on the Party so summoned ; and if such Person shall neglect or refuse to

for Want of Proor of appear before such Justice o,r Justices (Proof being made upon Oath of his or their being duly sum-

Con r^v»to moned) or shall not make it out to the Satisfaction of him or them that he or she has fully conformed

thePouhita’inAided. himself or herself to this Act, Rules, and Orders as aforesaid ; such Person shall be deemed and taken

to be duly convicted of the Offence or Offences for which he shall be so summoned, and incur the fe-

veral Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, to be levied, recovered, and adjudged, in Man-

ner as is herein after mentioned ; One Moiety of the said Forfeiture to be paid to the Overseerof the

Poor, and applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Person dwells ; and the other

Moiety Ito the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Division, to be made Part of the County Stock,

or, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to such Person, and for such Purposes, as the Justices

in their General Cuarter-sessions shall direct and appoint.

I oh Penalty on bothBuy

er and Sclicr, where

Certificate is not pro

duied.

Just'ce fufrecting any

Person of attending

again it Ad *r Orders,

Application of the Pe-

JuJty.

jn their General Cuarter-kiiions shall direct and appoint

XXIV. And, for the more eftectual preventing the Spreading of such infectious Distemjierby Per-

fons commonly called ‘Jobbers, who, occupying little or no Grazing Land, buy up Cattle in infefted

NoPerfoa, except Butch- Places> an ! soon after dispose of the fame, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and

er» for immediate

after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June^ One thousand seven hundred and seventy, no Person

Slaughter to purchase liv- whatsoever (Butchers and others excepted buying Fat Cattle for immediate Slaughter) during the Con-

ing Ox, &c. without a tinuance of, and contrary to any such Orders made in that Behalf as aforesaid, shall purchase any

Certi cate, living Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer, or Heifer, without having first obtained a Certificate under the

specifying his Name and ^.ar]d an<* Seal of some Justice of the Peace or Commissioner of the Land Tax acting for the County,

Abode, Number to be Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Person refidcs, specifying his or her

purchased, and whether Name and Place of Abode, and the Number of Beasts he or she intends to purchase, and whether such

by himself or Agent 3 ' Beasts are intended to be purchased by him or herself, or by an Agent or Servant; and if by an Agent

or Servant, then the Name and Place of Abode of such Agent or Servant; and that it appears to such

l Justice

