Ai D# 1767*

Anno feptimo Georgii III.

C.

39-

325

lumn shall be wrote or printed in such Page agreeable to the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (CJ;

any Thing in the said Act of the second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, or any other Act or Acts of

Parliament, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That there shall be mentioned, at the Entire be rr a to

Foot of each Register, the gross Number of the Children, remaining in the Hands of Mothers, who have at the Foot of

been relieved by the respective Parities during the Course of the Year, not entered in the Register; and CJC1‘ Rc®1tcr*

the Number of such who are known to be remaining alive.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Abstract of the Register of the Formofthe Ab-

said Infant Poor shall be according to the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (D.) flrud t,nh= Rc-

0 * \ / gllicr ol t^c ]n.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Names of all the Parish Poor M^neVof cor*.

Children who shall be alive, under the Care of any Governors, Directors, Managers, Churchwardens, or dating their

Overseers of the Poor, on the first Day of July next ensuing, shall be entered in the said Registers, and Regifors.

shall be continued on, and transferred from Year to Year, in the said Register, till their Death, or Dif-

charge to Parents or Friends, or till they are respectively placed out Apprentice ; and that the Day of

placing them out, and the Time of their Servitude, shall be entered in the said Registers as above-

mentioned.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That a full Lift of all Apprentices placed Annual Lirt t*

out by the respective Parithes shall be made out by the Vestry Clerks, or other proper Officer, and deli- bc

vered, in the Month of February in every Year, to the Company of Parish Clerks ; the fame to be written ^ chVi'irtnlp-

on Royal Paper according to the Schedule annexed, marked (E), to be bound up and depofrted by the pren'icej/^and

Company of Parish Clerks ; and the said Company shall make out an Abstract thereof, distinguidiing the <id:v<rci\.» the

Number placed out from each Parish, and how many of them were born in the Workhouse or Parish- Company <•»'*-

house, and shall cause the fame to be printed; and shall fend fix fair Copies of the said Abstract to each c

ft*  . 25%22?

and delivered to each Rariil.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the first annual Register of the Res;ners

said Infant Poor, and also the first annual Lifts of Apprentices, hereby intended and directed to be kept, L,n*10 com~ s

shall commence on the said first Day of July, and shall end on the thirty-first Day of December ensuing ;

and, after that Time, the said annual Register and Lifts shall commence the first Day of January, and certain Time,

end the thirty-first Day of December following.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Expences incident to and attend- General Even-

ing the Nursing, Maintenance, Education, placing out Apprentice, or otherwise relating to the Matters <* other-

hertcin contained, the Manner whereof is not herein particularly ordered and directed, uiall bc paid out for

of the Monies arising from the Poors R^es of the respective Parrfhes wherein such Expences shall f00urJ

be incurred. Katcs.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Churchwarden, Overseer of on^y on Pa-

the Poor, Vestry man. Clerk of the Vestry, Matter of the Workhouse, Matter or Warden of such Com- rirtiOrficrrsai*

pany of Parish Clerks, or any Clerk of such Company, or any other Person or Persons, shall neglect his others, negua.

Duty as directed in and by tnis Act; such Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, Clerk of the Vestry, or lnEthcu

Matter of the Workhouse, Master or Warden of such Company of Parish Clerks, or such Clerk of such

Company, Person or Persons, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay to the Informer the Sum of five

Pounds ; to be recovered before any two or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, and to be levied

by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chatties of the Offender, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hands

and Seals of the Justices before whom the fame shall be recovered, directed to any Constable or other

Peace Officer; and if there shall be any Overplus of the said Forfeiture, the fame shall be returned to the

Owner, after the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deduced.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, Publick Act.

and taken to be, a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and

other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

SCHEDULE

