356 C. 43. Anno feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1767.

Notice thereof navigated according to Law ; and except Notice be first given to the Commissioners of his Majesty's

•lfo being first Customs of the Species, and Quantity and Marks of the Packagesi, of such Cambricks and French Lawns,

Commurloners anc* Name of the Ship in which the fame are intended to be imported y and a Licence given under the

of the Customs, Hands of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in England for the time being, or any three of

and a Licence them, for the landing thereof, within thirty Days from the Date of such Licence ; which Licence they are

obtained for ihe hereby authorized and required to grant without any Fee or Reward, or any other Charge to the Person

vvlr/the5 °rthcr" demanding the fame : And if any Cambricks or French Lawns shall be imported into Great Britain con-

i'^,.1 toVorfci. trarV to Intention of this A&, or without such Licence as is herein before directed, such Goods, with

tore, together the Package containing the fame, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall be imported,

with the Veflll. shall be forfeited and lost,'and shall and maybe seized and prosecuted as herein after mentioned; any

Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Licence to be III. Provided always, That no such Licence shall be granted for the Importation or Landing of any

restrained to the Cambricks or French Lawns in any other Package, or in any less Quantity, than is directed and allowed

Ooantity,3pre- by ^e Hft rcc^ed Act of the thircy-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

scribed by A& 32 Geo. 2.;

ami to be deli- IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That such Licence shall be produced and delivered up by the

Tered up by the Master or Person taking charge of the Ship wherein such Cambricks or French Lawns shall be imported,

tt thcTimeof toSet^er with the Marks, Numbers, and Contents of each Package, indorsed on the Back thereof, to the

entering and re- Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, at the Time of entering and reporting such Ship, on the For-

.porting the Vef- feiture of one hundred Pounds; and such Cambricks and French Lawns (nail, upon Landing, be ware-

&l; ™d the housed under the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions ; and shall not be afterwards delivered out of

Goods to be faCh Warehouse, but on Condition to be exported to some of the British Colonies or Plantations in Am-

knd^ddivered out rica'> under the like Securities and Restrictions as are expressed and diredfced in the said last recited Act of

for Exportation the thirty-second Year of the Reign-of King George the Second, and upon Payment of the fame Duties as

only. they are now liable to by Law.

No Cambrick or V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,1 That from and after the twenty-fourth Day

5 rted from ire 7une' one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, no Cambrick or Lawn whatsoever shall be im-

lan^tilUhe im- Portec^ from the Kingdom of Ireland, into any Part of Great Britain, until the Importation of Cam-

pottation of bricks and French Lawns into the Kingdom of Ireland shall be prohibited by* Law, upon Pain of for-

Cambricics and feiting the said Goods, and the further penal Sum of five Pounds for every Piece of Cambrick or Lawnfo

French Lawns imported.

into that King

dom beprohibited by Law.

Vessels from VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of

■Foreign Parts July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, where any Ship or Vessel whatsoever comine or arriving

found hovering from Foreign Parts, and having on board any Cambrick or French Lawns, without such Licence as is

on the Coast, Sec. herein before directed, shall be found at Anchor, or hovering within the Limits bf any of the Ports of Great

aniTcambricIt or Br*tain* or within two Leagues of the Shore, or shall be discovered to have been within the Limits of any

French Lawns, Port, and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, (unless in case of unavoidable

Neceftity and Distress of Weather, of which Necessity and Distress the Matter, Purser, or other Person,

having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall give Notice to, and make Proof of

before, the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of such Port as aforesaid, immediately after the

Arrival of such Ship or Vessel into the said Port) all such Cambrick or French Lawn, together with the

Chests, Boxes, and other Package whatsoever, containing the fame Goods, and the Ship or Vessel on board

which the fame shall be found, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost (whether Bulk shall have

been then broken or not) and the fame Goods and Package shall and may be seized and prosecuted, or the

Value thereof be recovered by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, in Manner herein after

mentioned; any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the first Day of July,

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, if any Foreign Cambrick or French Lawn shall be found in

the Possession of any Hawker, Pedler, or Petty Chapman, such Hawker, Pedler, or Petty Chapman, (hill

not only forfeit such Foreign Cambricks and French Lawn, but also all the other Goods contained in the

Hanker or Pcd- pack where such Goods shall be found : and shall also be adjudged to have forfeited his Licence.

ler, are Ijcble to 2 , J 0

Forfeiture with all the other Goods in the Pack,

not licenced.

are liable to

Forfeiture, to-

gether with the

Goads.

Foreign Cam-

brick or French

Lawn found in

PnfTHVion of any

Goods seized to VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, forthwith after the Seizure of any

be dep^fit-d in such Cambricks or French Lawns, or as soon after as conveniently may be, the fame shall be sent to, and

K,iis’s deposited in, one of the King’s Warehouses, belonging to the Custom-house in London ; and all and every

^ Cambricks and French Lawns may, from Time to Time, be viewed and inspecttd by any Person or

Infpcaior. j Persons on Behalf of the Prosecutor or Profccutors, or of the Person or Persons interested in, or claiming

the said Cambricks or French Lawns ; and the Gommissioners of his M.ijesty’s Customs are hereby required

and after Con- to make arid give sufficient Orders from Time to Time for that Purpose ; and after Condemnation thereof,

demnation to be jn Jue Course of Law, all and every such Cambricks or French Lawns shall be stamped or marked in such

ibr^e>ou”tionW ^anner as the Commissioners of the Customs in England, or any thiee or more of them, shall direct; and

The Money0"' A1 ail be publickly fold, to the best Advantage, for Exportation to the British Colonies or Plantations in

arising by the America only ; and one Moiety of the Produce or Money arising by the Sale ol such Can bricks and French

Sale to be divid- L:\wns shall be to the Ule of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succdfors, and the other Moiety thereof to the

•4 between the \]fc of the Officer or Officers who shall seize and secure the fame : And no such Cambricks 0\t French

Lawat

