A. D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. C. 4$, 46, 47. 779

XXXVIII. And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ifany Action or Suit shall Pena,ty on tiirobeyin*

be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in porfuance of this Act, the De- 1 ,e,r Prw,ib t on«

fendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General IlTue, and give, this Act and the CeneialIi'ue.

Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done in purfu-

• ance and by Authority of this Act, or of some Rule, Order, or Regulation, made or to be made in

pursuance of this Act : And if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the

Defendant or Defendants ; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonfuired, or discontinue his Action after the

Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared j or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or

Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, Trebl* Cosh.

and have the like Remedy for the fame, as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes

by Law.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act shall continue and Act to continue till 29

be in Force until the Twenty-ninth Day of September, (Jne thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, SfP1, *771* *c*

and from thence to the End of the then next oession of Parliament.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for establishing a Lottery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, EXP,

CAP, XLVII.

An Act for better regulating Persons employed in the Service of the East-India Company*

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Prearnb'*, re<HUg Act

George the Fii 11, intituled, yin At7 for the further preventing His Majesfs Subjects from trad- 7 Gc0*

4 ingto the Fail Indies und r Foreign Gommijftons, and for encouraging and further securing the lawful

4 Trade thereto ; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, andthelJleof'Y hanet $ it was

4 amon^ offier Things enacted, 1 hat it should and might be lawful to and for His Majesty’s Attor*

4 ney General for the Ti;nc being, at the Relation of the said Company, or by his own Authority,

4 to exhibit a Bill or Bills of Complaint in His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, against any Person or

4 Persons trading, dealing, trafficking, or adventuring, at any Time from and after the said Twenty-

4 fourth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, in, to, or from tho East Indies,

•4 or Places therein before mentioned, contrary to Law ; or against any Person or Persons concerned

4 as Agent, Factor, or Copartner with such illegal Traders ; for discovering of such their trading,

4 dealing, trafficking, and adventuring, and for Recovery of such Duties and Damages as are therein

4 and herein after mentioned *, waving or difebiming, in every such Bill, all the Penalties and For-

c feiturcs, incurred by such Person or Persons for the Matters in such Bill or Bills contained ; and

4 that such Person or Persons should answer the said Bill or Bills, and not plead or demur to theDifco*

4 very thereby sough: ; and pay to His Majesty the Customs and Duties of the Goods and Merchan-

4 dizes arising, produced, or purchased by the said unlawful Trade, Traffick, or Adventuring; and

4 should answer and pay to the said Company for the fame Thirty Pounds per Centum according to the

4 Value thereof in Englmd : And whereas the said Sum of Thirty Pounds per Centum so enacted to be

* paid to the said United Company, as and for Damages on account of such illicit Trade as aforesaid,

4 hath been found inadequate and inefficient for preventing the said illicit Trade, and for making

4 good to the said Company the Damage they have sustained thereby : Now, for the more efireftually

4 preventing such illicit Trade, and for making a better Compensation or Recommence to the said

4 United Company, by way of Damages, for any Loss or Prejudice they may sustain by the illicit

4 Practices aforesaid,* De it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every p,rfMiMnWTlf4 fa

Person or Persons, Adventurer or Adventurers, prosecuting or concerned in such illicit Trade, Trai- ijc;t Tndc to p*y m

sick, and Dealings as aforesaid, shall, over and besides the Duties and Customs by Law payable to E-ift indi* Comply

His Majesty,forfeit and pay to the said United Company the Sunvof One hundred Pounds per Centum, 100 patent. «d v».

according to the Value, in England, of the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects, so illicitly traded, ®^Jd*^*

trafficked* or dealt in, instead and in lieu of the said Sum of Thirty Pounds per Centum, mentioned in * Pmlky* ke

the said Act ; which said Sum of One hundred Pounds per Centum, shall and is hereby directed to he recover'd m t»y Art 7

sued for and recovered in such and the like Manner, as in and by the said recited Act, made in the Cco. I.

Seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the First, is prescribed and cn-

acted with respect tb the said Sum of Thirty Pounds per Centum \ any Thing therein to the contrary

nottoithstanding.

II. 4 And whereas sundry Captains and other Officers and Mariners of Ships, in the Service of

4 the said United Company, bound to India, do oftentimes in a clandestine Manner carry and trans-

4 port to thq Eq/i Indies aforesaid great Quantities of Artillery, Ordnance, Mufquers, Fire Arms>

4 .Ammunition, and Warlike Stores, and there sell and dispose thereof to the Natives, and also to

4 Powers in those Parts at War or in Enmity with the said United Company, or to other Persons

4 through whose Hands the fame do or may come to the Use of such Powers ; to the great Injury of

4 the Publick, as well as of the said United Company and their Possessions and Trade in India: There -

5 G a tore*

