A. D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. C. 23. 567

Passages, or Courts, or in any House or Houses, within the said Parish, upon Pain that every Person so

offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to reitrain any Bricklayer or ^c'

Plaisterer from flaking Lime within the Yards or Cellars of Houses which shall be building or repairing, lhe;rCtlLn,&c.

or within the Yards or Cellars belonging to the DwJling-house of any such Bricklayer or Plaisterer.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall for the future carry, run, drive,

draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, or drawn, on any of the Foot Pavements, within the said Pa- Anno unce*

ri(h, any Bier, or any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, or other Carriage whatsoever, or shall committed on

wilfully ride, lead, leave, or drive, any Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Cattle, or any Coach or Carriage the H»ghw*>».

whatsoever, upon any Part of the said root Pavements, or empty any Beer Butts or Calks, or Lees, on

any Part thereof, from any Vessel or Calk, on the fame, or in the Carriage Ways of the said Parish,

or fist any Cinders in the Streets, Highways, or Passages, in the said Parish ; then, and in any of the said

Cafes, and as often as they or any of them mall happen, it (halland mav be lawful to and for any Per*

son pr Persons whatsoever, who shall fee any such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other

Person or Persons to assist in seizing, such Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and

without any other Warrant, to convey or deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Peace Officer*

in order to be Secured and conveyed before the Mayor of the said City of London, or some other Justice

of the Peace for the said City ; and the Party or Parties accused being brought before him, such Justice

shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who mall appear or be produced to give

Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said Mayor or Justice for the said City is hereby

authorised and required to administer); and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such

Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession/ or upon such Information as aforesaid, he, (he, or

they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for the First Time of offending; the

Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Second Time of offending ; and the Sum of Forty Shillings for the

Third and every other Time of offending.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may Nin*t of the

cause to be painted, engraved, or described in Stone or otherwise, and to be affixed in a conspicuous Part5trcet# to

of One or more House or Houses, Building or Buildings, at or near each End, Corner, or Entrance of qT0^$V lhc

each of the said Open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts within the said Parish of

St, Bartholomew the Great, London, the Name by which they are respectively called or known ; and may also

cause every House, Shop, or Warehouse in each of the said Streets, Open Places, Squares, Lanes, Al-

leys, Passages, and Courts, to be marked or numbered in such Manner as they shall judge most proper for

distinguislnng the fame: And if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciouflydestroy, pull down, and Houses nun-

obliterate, or deface any such Names, Descriptions, Marks, or Numbers, or any Part thereof, or cause bered.

or procure the fame to be done ; every Person so offending shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the

Sum of Forty Shillings. 1

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person or Persons shall, without P*mn?nti not

Authority from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, alter, or cause to be altered the Form oft0 bc alleic4*

the Pavement of any of the said Open Places, Squares, Streets* Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts,

which shall be new paved or repaired by the said Trustees,or in any Way incroach thereon ; upon Pain that

every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit ana pay the Sum of Five Pounds, over and

above the Expence of relaying and reinstating the fame according to the Directions of the said Trustees,

or any Five or more of them ; the said Forfeitures and Expences to be recovered in Manner herein after

mentioned.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That after the Expiration of Twelve Ca- Trustees to re-

lendar Months next aftor the passing of this Act, if any Two Housekeepers, within the said Parish, shall Pair Pavements,

make Complaint in Writing, under their Hands, to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, of^tf#

any Defect or Want of Repair in any of the Pavements in any of the Open Places, Squares, Streets,

Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, either before or after the fame shall have been new paved or re-

paired by virtue of this Act; then, and in every such Cafe, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of

them, unless such Default shall appear to arise from a Defect in the Water Pipes laying under such Pave-

ment, shall forthwith give Orders to their Contrador or Contradors, Pavior or Paviors? to repair the

fame ; and if such Contrador or Pavior shall not, within Four Days next after the Receipt thereof, re-

pair the said defective Pavement, then, and in every such Cafe the said Contrador or Pavior shall forfeit

and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day that the said defective Pavement shall remain un-

repaired after the Expiration of the said Four Days.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That when and as often as any Pipe or if Water Pipes

Pipes belonging to any of the Water Companies, who.furnish any Part of the said Parish with Water, burst, pa%iorof|

and which now lie or hereafter shall be laid under Ground in any of the said Open Places, Squares,the Water Corn*

Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, shall happen to burst, break or decay, so as to require Re- Ihc f*!'9*

paration ; the said Trustees, or any Five of them, or their Surveyor for the Time being, or such other

Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint for that Purpose, shall forthwith

give or cause to be given Notice thereof in Writing (to the Pavior of the Water Company to whom he

or they apprehend the said Pipe or Pipes belong ; who is hereby required to take up the said Pavement,

wd open the Ground at or near the Place where such Reparation shall appear to be wanting; and if the

said

t

