98

give proper No-

tice of lighting a

Fire under such

Copper*, Acc.

end the Officer

to attend ac-

cordingly*

Maker not pro-

viding such Co*

vers, or refusing

to pay for the

Locks, Faften-

ings, &c. or

opening any

Copper before

the fame is duly

unlocked. See.

forfeits 201.

C. 43. Anno quinto Georgii III. A. D. 1765.

Limits and Jurisdiction of the Head Office of Excise in London \ or if such Maker of Hard Soap shall

reside in any fart of Great Britain, twenty-four Hours Notice of such his, her, or their Intention, the

Officer of Fxcise shall attend to unlock and open the Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, and the Bipe or

Pipes so secured : And if any Maker or Makers of Hard Soap shall, after'the said fifth Day July, one

thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, presume to make any Hard Soap before.he, (he, or they mall have

found, provided, and affixed sufficient Wooden Covers, to be approved of as aforesaid, to every Coppery

Pan, or other Utensil wherein he, (he, or they shall boil or make any Hard Soap, according to the Direc-

tions of this AiSt; or shall refuse to pay for the Locks and Keys, and other Faftenings to be provided in

pursuance of the Direction of this A£\ ; or if, by any Act, Device, or Contrivance whatsoever, any such

Maker of Hard Soap shall open any Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, or any Pipe or Pipes, after the fame

shall have been locked down and (ecu red as afore said, before the fame shall have been unlocked and'opened

by the-Officer of Excise, or shall wilfully break or damage any such Lock or Seal, or other Fattening,

every such Maker or Makers of Hard Soap, offending in any of the said Cafes, shall, for every such

Offence respectively, forfeit and lofc the Sum of twenty rounds.

1 XVI. And whereas very great Frauds have been committed by several Makers of Hard Soap, in light-

4 ing their Fires under their Coppers, Pans, or other Utensils, under a Pretence of Cleansing their Coppers,

4 or for the preparing of Materials for the making of Soap, without giving any Notice thereof to the pro-

4 per Officer of Excise ;* for Remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That

from and after the said fifth Day of July^ one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Maker or Makers

of Hard Soap do presume, on any Pretence, to light a Fire under any Copper, Pan, or other Utensil used

in the Boiling of Soap, or for cleansing his, her, or their foul Goods, or in the preparing any Materials

for the making of Soap, without first giving in Writing, to the proper Officer of Excise within the Limits

and Jurisdiction of the Head Office of Excise in London, twelve Hours Notice at lead, and to the proper

Officer or Officers in other Parts of Great Britain, twenty-four Hours Notice at least, of his, her, or theirv

Intention to light such Fire, on Pain to forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds*

20 I.

Maker to give

due Notice to

the proper Offi-

cer, of his In-

tention of light-

ing Files, whe-

ther for making

Soap, or clean-

sing his foul

Goods, Sec.

under Penalty of

Makertbpro- XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the fifth Day

vide proper of Jufy9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, all and every Maker and Makers of Hard Soap shall

Frames for put- make use of regular square or oblong Frames only, for the cleansing or putting his, her, or their Soap

ting his Soap ' ^ ~' * * * ' * ^ ^T ^ *

in when taken

out of the

Copper ;

and to give No-

tice thereof to

the proper Offi-

fore using;

on Penalty of

20 1*

H ird Soip once

put into the

Frames, not to

(whether perfect or not perfect) into, when taken out of the Copper or other Utensil where the fame

was boiled and prepared ; and that the Bottom, Sides, and Ends, of every such Frame, shall respe£ively

be of the Thickness of two Inches at the least; and every such Frame shall not exceed forty-fwe Inches

in Length, nor fifteen Inches in Breadth ; of which Frames all and every Maker and Makers of Hard Soap

is and are hereby required to give Notice in Writing at the Office for the Duties on Soap next to the

Place where such Soap shall be made, before he, (he, or they, do presume to use the fame; all which said

cerbefore using Frames shall be marked and numbered by, or by the Direction of, the respective Surveyors or Supervisors

the Framesto* ®*xc^e w^° (urvey the respective Makers of Hard Soap to whom such Frames belong, at the Expence of

be marked8and such respective Makers : And that if any Maker or Makers of Hard Soap shall make use of any other Sort

numbered by ihe of Frame, or any other Kind of Vessel, for the Purposes aforesaid ; or if the Bottom, or Ends, or Sides*

Sui'crvisor,be- of any of the said Frames shall not be of the Thickness before-mentioned ; or if any of the said Frames

shall exceed forty* five Inches in Length, or fifteen Inches in the Breadth thereof; or if any such Maker

or Makers of Hard Soap shall use any such Frame, without giving such Notice thereof as aforesaid, or be-

fore the fame shall have been marked and numbered as aforesaid; he, (he, or they shall, for every such

Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Hard Soap (whether

perfectly made or not) after the fame shall have been clean fed or put into the Frame or Frames, shall, on

bcrcuirnrHagiin any Pretence whatsoever, be returned or put again into the Copper or other Utensil for boiling or re-

ir tieCo^er, working ; and if any such Hard Soap shall be so returned or put again into the Copper or other Utensil,

wirhout being the fame shall be again charged with the Duties on Soap.

clMiged afrt/h * XIX. And whereas great Frauds have been committed by private and chndestine Makers of Soap and

with the uties. c Starch, who, when discovered, do assume to themselves, and are called by other than their true Names,

4 and to avoid, being prosecuted for the fame, do withdraw and abscond themselves, that they may not

4 personally have Notice of any Prosecution for the fame, or be served with any Process or Summons to

WhatAir>ll be 4 answer the fame:’ For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after

deemed legal and the said first Day cf June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the leaving a Summons at the Place

and Summon^to 01 ^aces where any such Discovery as aforesaid shall be made, directed to the rerfon or Persons by his,

privjte^nd°dan- ^er> or their right or assumed Name or Names, who shall be prosecuted for making or having made use of

denine Maker* any Boiling-house, Working-house, Ware-house, Store-house, Shop, Room, or other Place, for the

of Soap or making or keeping of Soap, or for the boiling or keeping any Oil, Tallow, Pot Ash, Lime, or other

Starch, liable to Materials proper to be made into Soap; or for using or having made use of any Copper, Kettle, furnace,

Prosecution for Cittern, Trough, or other Vessel, for the boiling or making of Soap, without first giving Notice there-

of in Writing at the Office for the said Duties on Soap next to she Place where such Soap shall be made,

according to the Directions of the Statute in that Cafe made and'provided ; or making or having made

use of any Work-house, Store-house, Room, or other Place, for the making and drying, or keeping, of

Starch, or for the converting or keeping any Flour, Meal, or other Materials, proper to be made into

Starch ; or for using or having made use of any Fatt, Trough, Box, Stove, Utensil, or other Vessel, for

the making of Starch $ without first giving Notice thereof in Writing at the Office for the Duties on Starch

1 next

•fing uncnteied

Worktops, Acc.

and using af-

famed Names,

tr absconding.

)

