27

A.D. 1765.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

C. 12.

or any other Person or Persons on his or her Behalf, to sue for and recover the fame, in such Manner

as any Penalty hereby inflicted may be sued for and recovered; and such Clerks or Apprentices

shall, immediately after Payment of such Double Duty, be and are hereby discharged from their and 10 d:fehar£ed.

Cleikships or Apprcnticcships, and from all Actions, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Damages, for not

serving the Time for which they were respectively bound, contracted for, or agreed to serve, and

(hull have such nnd the fame Benefit and Advantage of the Time they shall respectively have con-

tinued with and served such Mailer or Mistress, as they would have been intitled to in case such

Duty had been paid by such Master or Mistress within the Time herein before limited for that

Purpofr.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all printed Indentures, or Printed indenture to

Contracts for binding Clerks or Apprentices, after the said first Day of November, one thousand have the following No.

seven hundred and sixty-five, within the said Colonies and Plantations, shall have the following lice a'id"vi tlicrctw*

Notice or Memorandum printed under the fame, or added thereto, videlicet,

HT HE Indenture mutt bear Date the Day it is executed; and the Money, or other Thing, The Notice,

4 X given or contracted for with the Clerk or Apprentice, mutt be inserted in Words at Length ;

and the Duty paid, and a Receipt given on the Back of the Indenture, by the Distributor of

4 Stamps, or his Substitute, within three Months after the Execution of such Indenture, under the

4 Penalties inflicted by Law/

And if any Printer, Stationer, or other Person or Persons, within any of the said Colonies or Plan-

tations, or any other Part of his Majesty’s Dominions, shall fell, or cause to be sold, any such

Indenture or Contract, without such Notice or Memorandum being printed under the fame, or

added thereto; then, and in every such Cafe, such Printer, Stationer, or other Person or Persons,

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds.

XXXVI. And, for the bettor securing the said Duty on Playing Cards and Dice, be it further en-

acted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of November, one thousand

seven hundred and sixty-five, no Playing Cards or Dice shall be fold, exposed to Sale, or used in Play,

within the said Colonies or Plantations, unless the Paper and Thread inclosing, or which shall have

inclosed, the fame, shall be or shall have been respectively sealed and stamped, or marked, and unless

one of the Cards of each Pack or Parcel of Cards, so fold, shall be also marked or stamped on the

spotted or painted Side thereof with such Mark or Marks as shall have been provided in pursuance

of this Act, upon Pain that every Person who shall fell, or expose to Sale, any such Cards or Dice

which shall not have been so respectively sealed, marked, or stamped, as hereby is respectively re-

quired, shall forfeit fer every Pack or Parcel of Cards, and every one of such Dice so fold or exposed

to Sale, the Sum of ten Pounds.

XXXVII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person within the

said Colonies or Plantations, or any other Part of his Majesty’s Dominions, shall fell or buy any

Cover or Label which has before been made use of for denoting the said Duty upon Cards, in order

to be made use of for the inclosing any Pack or Parcel of Cards; every Person so offending shall,

for every such Offence, forfeit twenty rounds.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if either the

Buyer or Seller of any such Cover or Label shall inform against the other Party concerned in buying

or idling such Cover or Label, the Party so informing shall be admitted to give Evidence against the

Party informed against, and shall be indemnified against the said Penalties.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons

shall fraudulently inclose any Parcel or Pack of Playing Cards in any Outside Paper so sealed and

stamped as aforesaid, the fame having been made use of for the Purpose aforesaid; then, so often,

and in every such Cafe, every Person so offending in any of the Particulars before-mentioned, shall,

for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day

of f\ivcrnbery one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, every Clerk, Officer, and other Person em-

ployed or concerned in granting, making out, or delivering Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors

or Wine within any of the said Colonies or Plantations, (hull, and he is hereby required and directed,

within two Months after delivering any such Licences, to transmit to the Chief Dittributor of lbinpcd

Vrilum, Parchment, and Paper, a true and exact Lift or Account of the Number of Licences so

delivered, in which shall be inserted the Names of the Persons licensed, and the Places where they

itfpci lively rcfiJc; and if any such Clerk, Officer, or other Person, shall refuse or neglect to tran rrit

any such Lift or Account to such Distributor, or shall transmit a false or untrue one, then, anti in

every fu;h Cafe, such Clerk, Officer, or other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit fifty

Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Licences for felling or utrering

determined by Retail Spirituous Liquors or Wine within any of the said Colonies and Plantations, dull be in

Force and lerve for no longer than One Year from the Date of each Licence rclpcctively.

XIII. ProviJcd never thdefs, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesai I, That if any Person licensed

to fell Spirituous Liquors or Wine, dial) die or remove from ti c House or Place wherein such Spirituous

Liquors or Wmc fluil, by virtue of such Licence, be fold, it shall and may be lawful foi the Execu-

tes, Administrators, or Assigns, of such Perljn so dying or removing* who (lull be pollcffcd of such

E 2 ilcufe

Penalty of felling any

such I (.denture, without

such Notice ad Jed,

is 10I.

No undamped Cards or

Dice to be iold, or ui'cd.

on Penalty of 101.

Penalty of buying or fel-

ling Covers, &c. before

made use of, denoting

the Duty, in order to in-

close other Cards, is 20 1.

Buyer or Seller inform-

in_, is indemnified a-

gaiull the Penalty.

Prnaltyof fraudulently

inclolin^ C.'rda in

fiarvpt Cover lvf< re

made use of, is 10I.

Officers dclircrn- ont

Licences for retuCi- g

Spirituous Liquors <,r

Wire, are Jo trarl.r.it

vurhin every two

Mon*h«, an Account

of the Nurrber so deli-

vered, ani tuc i’utt-CJ

Name;,

on Forfeiture of 501.

Such Licence*, to he in

Forte for one Year only.

Where a Person licensed

fluil d.eor rrrr.ovc, the

Licence flul! be* jroo 1 toe

the ur.tspued Terra

thertol.

