420

F«r levying

Taxes on un-

tenanted Prc-

Jftifo. 1

For Sale of

&andi.for

Taxes.

For giving No-

tice to Own^Vs

of Lands to be

*> id.

Fiovish.

Notice of Sale.

Fower to bor-

row Money.

Security.

C. 5 3. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

aforesaid Rates, Taxes, or Assessments themfelVcs,'are herein and hereby directed to be levied; and the

Money so forfeited and levied, shall be applied towards carrying on the said Works of Draining, and other

the Purposes of this Act. 1

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That in case any of the said Fen Lands

and Low Grounds shall at any Time hereafter be untenanted or unoccupied, so that no sufficient Distress

can be found for levying the said Rates and Taxes, then the Lands and Grounds chargeable therewith

shall always remain a Security for Payment thereof ;and all Goods and Chattels which shall at any Time

thereafter be found thereon, shall and may be distrained, kept, appraised, and fold in Manner as aforesaid,

until all Arrears of the said Rates and Taxes, and -the Charges of such Distress, shall be fully paid and

Satisfied; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Re-

ceivers, for the time being, to enter upon, and let the fame Lands and Grounds to be mown and fed

from Year to Year only, for the best Rent that can be gotten for the fame, and to take the Rents and

Profits thereof for the Use of the said Commissioners, to De applied for the Purposes of this Act, until all

'Arrears of the said Taxes, Rates, and Charges, shall be fully fiuisfied and paid, rendering the Overplus

of such Rents and P/ofits (if any) after the discharging such Arrears, to the Owner or Owners of such

Lands and Grounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That where any of the said Rates or Taxes shall be in Arrear and

unpaid, by the Space of two whole Years together, then the said Commissioners, or any five or more of

them, at any of their Half-yearly Meetings, shall have full Power and Authority to fell to the best Bidder,

at a publick Auction, so much of the said Lands and Grounds upon which any Tax shall be so in Arrear,

as they the said Commissioners shall judge sufficient to raise such Taxes, and the Penalties incurred for

Non-payment thereof as aforesaid, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of five or more of the said

Commissioners; and the Person or Persons, to whom such Sale shall be made, iCball be a lawful Purchaser

and Assignee of so much of the said Lands and Grounds as shall be so fold, to all Intents and Purposes

/vhatsoever.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them,

shall cause personal Notice to be given to the Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors, of the Lands

so to be sold, if that can be conveniently done; or shall cause Notice in Writing to be left at his, her, or

their Place or Places of Abode, if such Place or Places be known to the Commissioners; or otherwise shall

give publick Notice in the London Gazette and Cambridge News Paper, if any such shall be printed; three

Months at the least intervening between the Time of any such Sale and any such personal Notice, or

between the Day of the Date of any such written or printed Notice or Notices and the Time of any such

Sale as aforesaid.

XXIII. Provided, That by colour of such Sale no Tenant or Tenants at Will, or by Lease at an im-

proved Rent, shall be removed from his or their Possession, until he or they shall have taken the Crop

from off the Premises so fold, paying reasonable Rent to the Purchaser, proportionable to the Time that

(pch Possession shall be continued after such Sale as aforesaid; and also, that such Tenant or Tenants by

Lease as aforesaid shall and may, if he or they shall think fit, continue out their respective Terms, paying

~ the Rent to such Purchaser, in proportion to the Quantity of Land so purchased j any Thing herein Con-

tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided also, That the said Commissioners shall cause a Schedule of the Lands so to be sold

for Taxes in Arrear, to be affixed upon the Church Door of the Parish where the Land shall lie, three

several Sundays before the Day of Sale.

4 XXV. And, forasmuch as the Money so to be rated, levied, collected, and gathered, as aforesaid,

4 will not be sufficient to defray the immediate Expences of making such Banks, Cuts, Drains, Dams,

4 Tunnels, and Outlets, and for erecting such Engines and other Works as shall be necessary for draining,

and for the speedy Improvement of, the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds be it further enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them (such major Part being not

less than seven) assembled at any publick Meeting to be held as aforesaid, shall and may, and are hereby

impowered, from time to time, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money which they shall think necessary,

for the making, carrying on, repairing, and preserving, of the said Works; and, by Writing under their

Hands and Seals, without Stamps, to assign over the said yearly Rates and Taxes hereby charged, or to

he charged, upon the said Fen Lands ana Low Grounds, and every or any Part thereof (the Coils and

Charges of the Assignments to be paid out of the said Taxes) as a Security for Repayment of such Sum or

Sums, with Interest not exceeding five Pounds per Centum per Annumy to the Person or Persons who (half

advance or lend such Sum or Sums, his, her* or their Trustee or Trustees; which Money so to be bor-

rowed, shall, in the first Place, be applied to defray the Expences of obtaining this Act of Parliamenty

and that the RefiJue of the Money so to be borrowed shall be applied and disposed of in making such Cuts,

Drains, Dams, Banks, Tunnels, and Outlets, and erecting such Works and Engines, as will be necessary

for draining and improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, and to no other Use or Purpose

whatsoever.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That the Rates, Taxes, and Sums of Money,

to be assessed by virtue of this Act upon the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, shall be charged and

chargeable, in the first Place, with the Payment of the Principal Money so to be borrowed, and the

Interest of such Money from time to time, and dial) vest in the respective Creditors upon Default of Pay-

ment of such Principal and Interest, until the fame shall be fully satisfied and paid, together with the Coils

and Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof; and the said Creditors, their Executors, Administra-

tors, and Assigns respectively, shall have the fame Power, Rights, and Privileges, of raising and recovering

