698 C: 23.

Anno dfccimo Georgii III-.

A. D» 1770.

Coiflnruffionfrs

;nv>y compound

Kvith Pei Ion? fol

jBrcach of Con-

tract, See,

Pav!or«, Carters,

tee, to be ap-

pointed.

*». c.4.

Commiflienera

may cause the

Street?, &c- to

he new paved,

f.'*

veyor or Surveyors, or other. Person or Persons, shall report thv fame to the said Commissioners at their next

or any subsequent Meeting; who shall or may thereon, in their own Names, or the Names of any Five or

more of them, or in the Name rrr Names of their Treasurer or Treassurers for the Time being, bring an

Ablion of Debt in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Law at IVefhninJhr 2gainftany Person or Persons so con-

tacting and neglecting to perform any stich Contract or Contracts, and'for any Penalty^or Penalties which

shall be contained in such Contract or Contrabls; and on-Proof of the Signing of the said Contract or Con-

tracts, and Nonperformance thereof at. the Time or Times for that Pur pole therein mentioned, the said

Commissioners shall be intitled to, and shall recover such Penalty or Penalties, which, when recovered,

dial] be applied, for the Purposes of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

such Commissioners as aforesaid, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to compound and

agree with any Person or Persons against whom such Commissioner shall bring, or cause to be brought, any

Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, for any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Contract or Contrafts

hereafter to be made or entered into in pursuance of this A#, on account of any Breach or Nonperformance

of any such Contract or Contrails, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper; so as the

Sum so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non-

performance of such Contrail or Contrails, and all Colts, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occa-

fioned thereby,

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time to order and dire# such and so

many Paviors, Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others, in the respective Works aforesaidr

as they shall judge necessary for the due Execution of such Works; and no Person or Persons shall, for any

Abl done in cpn'cquence of his or their being so employed by Order of such Commissioners, be subje# or

liable to any Action, Indiilment, or Information, upon the Statute made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of

Queen Elizabeth, intituled, 4 An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of

Husbandry, and Apprentices.

T)ifputes ab'iut XXL And it is hereby further enacted. That if any Dispute shall arise with respect to the Wages of

Wages of Work- such Paviors, Artificers, Workmen, or Labourers employed, it may be settled by any One of His Majesty’s

men how leided. Jpftjces of t^e peace for the County of Middlesex or City and Liberty of WesbninJlcv, as the Cafe shall be,

whose award shall be final.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Commissioners for putting this

Abl in Execution, or any Five or more of them, may cause all or any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes,

Courts, Yards, Mewfcs, Alleys, Passages, and Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, whether Foot or Car-

riage-way, within the Limits aforesaid,"to be new paved or repaired; and for such Purposes may cause to

be ducj, carried, and carted out of or brought into the fame, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof,

such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials, as they shall judge necessary \ and may likewise cause the Ground

thereof to be raised or lowered, the Course of the Channels running in or through the fame to be turned or

altered, new Grates to the Common Sewers to be added or replaced, and in what Numbers or Places they

shall think proper; and the Water-pipes which now lie, or hereafter shall be laid under Ground, to be

taken up and new laid in such Places, Manner, and Form, as they shall judge bed; ?md may cause all or any

Pofis or Rails in such Streets or Places within the Limits aforesaid, as they shall judge useless, or to be a

Nuisance or Obstrublion either to Foot Passengers or to Carriages, to be taken up and removed, and like-

wife all Steps, Bulks, Stalls, Dung-holes, Saw-pits, Shew-glasses, and Shew-boards encroaching upon

the Foot-way, as also all Steps and Doors opening or leading from the Foot-way or Carriage-way into

Vaults, Cellars, or other Places, to be removed, filled up, or altered, as they the said Commissioners shall

judge necessary.

y______ XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, ThatTio Person or Persons shall alteror

inf* ihe Form of cause to be altered the Form of any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mcwfes, Alleys,

Street*, See. erect- Passages, or Places which shall be new paved by Order of such Commissioners as aforesaid, or the Manner

cuss'hc^ tfieFavcment thereof, or in any wise incroach thereon, or put up any Port or Polls, Step or Steps, or

cw- ar 8. any Bulks or Stalls, or place out any Shew-glasses or Shew-boards, so as to be an Incroachment, or

make any Dung-holes or Saw-pits; upon Pain that every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, over and above the Ex-

pences of relaying and reinstating such Pavements, or taking down such Pods, Bulks, or Stalls, and remov-

ing or altering such Shew-boards or Shew-glasses, or filling up such Dung-holes or Saw-pits, according to

the Dircblion of such Commissioners.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall

extend or be conllrued to extend to prevent any Owner or Occupier df any House, Shop, Warehouse,

Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the Limits aforesaid, to make any Area or Areas either in

the Front or at the End of any such House, Shop, Warehouse, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament,

after the fame shall be paved, but they shall have like Power to make such Area or Areas as before

the passing of this Act; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not-

wi th (landing.

XXV. And whereas in several of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewfes, Alleys,

4 Passages, and Places, there is a great Quantity of Earth dug up, and large Holes arc left in such Streets

and Places for the Purpose of making Vaults to the Houses or Tenements built or in building, longer

4 than is ablblutely necessary: And whereas the Areas before Houses or Tenements built or in building arc

^tomciOctie Gften jcft open<) anj no Fence, Rails, or Timber, properly placed or fixed up, so as to prevent Paf-

4 fingers from falling down the fame, by reason whereof the Lives of many of his Majesty’s Subjects are^

1 endau*

nalty on alter-

©€cup’«rs of

Houses may

fnakc Arcus.

f>cr'or:« dipping

Fatth, or leav-

ing Hose^ for

iruk'ne Vaults

&c,

