7 12 C. 23.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A.D.

1770.

Application of

Money ,

Inspeflot may be

fined.

For every Sack, Two-pence.

For every Ale, Beer, and Milk Measure, One Farthing.

For every Hundred Weight, Four-pence.

For every Half Hundred Weight, Two-pence.

For every Weight from Half a Hundred to One Pound, One Halfpenny.

For every Weight under One Pound, One Farthing.

And all Weights and Measures belonging to Persons dealing by Weight or Measure within the said Pa-

ri(h of Saint Mary le Bone, which shall not, within Thirty Days from such public Notice, be marked or

stamped in Manner before directed,'shall be deemed unlawful ; and it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Inspectors, or any Four or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and required to destroy

all such unlawful Weights and Measures, and to amerce the Owner or Owners thereof, or the Person in

whose Custody or Possession the fame shall be found, in such Sum or Sums of Money as they, in their

Discretion, shall think proper, not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings for every

Offence.

• XCI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer or Officers so to be ap-

pointed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, after all necessary Charges and Ex-

pences attending the fizing, sealing, marking, and (lamping, such Weights and Measures as aforesaid shall

have first been deduced, shall, and he or they is and are hereby required and directed, Half-yearly, with-

in One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of every Half Year, to pay or cause to be paid to the

Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Commissioners, One Moiety of the clear Money

arising from, or on account of such fizing, sealing, marking, or damping as aforesaid, to be applied to

and for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution.

XCIL And, to the Intent that the good Purposes intended by this Act may not be defeated, be it

further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Inspector shall, in any Manner, neglect or refuse

to execute the Duty of his Office, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any

Seven or more of them, upon Complaint to them made of any such Neglect or Refusal, to fine such In-

speftor, for every such Offence or Neglect, the Sum of Forty Shillings.

Rates may be XCIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this

laid for the Pur- Act, One or more Rate or Rates, Assess’ment or Assessments, shall, for the Purpose of repairing, cleansing,

pofcsof this Act, an(j lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mcwfes, Alleys, railages, and liaces within

the Limits aforesaid, be made, laid, and assessed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or any Seven or

more of them. Once in every Year, or oftener if they shall judge it needful, upon all and every Person and

Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, possel's, or enjoy any Land, Ground, House, Shop,

Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, in any of the

said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewfes, Alleys, Passages, or Places, in such competent

Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall order and direct; so as such Rate or Rates,

not to exceed i*. Afl'effment or Assessments do not exceed, in the Whole, the Sum of One Shilling and Six-pence in the

6d. in the Pound. Pound in any One Year, according to the yearly Rent or Value of such Lands, Grounds, Houses,

Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

situate as aforesaid.

Commencement XCIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said First Rate or Rates, Assess-

of the Rate;. ment or Assessments, shall commence from the said First Day of January, One thousand Seven hundred

and seventy; and every such future Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall commence from the

Time that the last preceeding Rates or Assessments ended, and not otherwise ; and the Monies therein and

thereby charged and act’effect, shall be payable and recoverable quarterly in Manner herein after directed.

Where any XCV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so soon as the said Corn-

Square, &c. aremissioners shall have caused any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Mews, Alley, Passage, or Place

new paved,_an within the Limits aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be new paved, it shall and may be lawful to

jnd for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, as soon as conveniently may be, and so

in like Manner yearly, or oftener if Occasion shall require, to make, lay, and assess, upon all and every

Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, possess, or enjoy any such Land, Ground,

House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament

respectively, as far as such new Pavement shall extend (excepting such Squares, Streets, and Places as

shall be new paved at the Request of Three Fourths of the Inhabitants of any such Square, Street, or

Place, in the Manner herein before directed/ a further Sum, not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound of the

yearly Rent or Value of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables,

Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, to commence from the Time that

such new Pavement shall be respectively completed.

Money tnay be XCVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

borrowed on the for the Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby impowered, from Time

additional Rite. to Time, when they shall judge it necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, to borrow and take up at Interest

such Sum or Sums of Money as any Person or Persons is or are willing to lend and advance upon the

Credit of the said additional Rate or Afl'effment of Sixpence in the Pound ; and by any Writing or Writ-

ings upon Vellum or Parchment, signed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more 01 them, to

assign the said additional Rate or Assessment to any Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such

Money thereon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums so borrowed, with Interest for the fame;

which Interest shall be payable and paid Half-yearly, by the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being*

out of the Monies to arise by or from the said additional Rate or Assessment.

XCVIL Anl

additional Rate

may be laid on

Inhabitants.

