A.D. 1767* Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 24, 25, 2 297

be held for the City of London or County of Middlesex next after such Conviction, but not afterwards ;to the Quarter

and that Sessions, when so appealed to, shall, at the then next Session s after bringing such Appeal, hear Sdrions*

and finally determine the fame ; and if the Appellant in such Appeal shall not make good, support, and

ftjcceed in such his Appeal, or prosecute the fame with Effect, the said Court of Session shall then award

such Costs as they shall think reasonable, to be then and there in open Court, with the Penalty adjudged

on and by such Conviction, paid to the Prosecutor or Informer ; and for want thereof, to commit the Person

or Persons thus appealing to the Common Giol of and for the City of London or the County of Middlesex,

and there to remain until he or they shall and do make actual Payment of such Costs and Penalty, to the

Person or Persons to whom the fame shall be awarded, for the Purposes aforesaid ; but in case the said Ap-

pellant shall make good, support, and succeed in such his Appeal, and be acquitted of his Conviction, the*

fame Court shall, in that Cafe, award to such Appellant reasonable Colts, to be then and there in open

Court paid to him or them, by the Person or Persons on whose Information or Prosecution such Convic-

tion shall have been founded or made ; and for Want of such Payment, the said Court of Sections (hall-

commit such Informers and Prosecutors respectively to the Common Gaol of the said City of London, or

the County of Middlesex, there to remain until he or they shall and do actually pay to such Appellant the*

Costs so respectively awarded to them as aforesaid ; but no Conviction to be pronounced or made by virtue*

of or under this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only.

XXIV. And it is hereby enacted, That no Writ of Certiorari shall issue or be ifliiable to remove the No Certiorari

Record of any ConviCtion, or Proceedings thereon to be taken, made, or pronounced, in pursuance or by*

the Authority of this Act, into any of his said Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Information, or*LJm‘rition>o£

Suit, shall be brought, filed, or prosecuted, against any Person or Persons, for any thing to be done in pur-

fuance of this Act, the fame shall be commenced or filed within two Months next after the FaCt com-

mitted, and not afterwards ; and shall be laid in the City of London, and not elsewhere; and the Defen-

dant or Defendants in or to such Actions, Suits, or Informations, may plead the General Issue, and give General life*,

this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was

done in pursuance of this Act : And if the fame shall appear so to have been done, or if any such Action,

Suit or information, shall be brought or filed after the Time for this Purpose herein before in this respect*

limited, or shall be laid or brought in any other County or Place, then the Jury, in every such Cafe*

shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or

differ a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a VerdiCt shall pais against the Plain-

tiff or Plaintiffs ; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the De-Full Costs*

fendant or Defendants shall have Full Costs, and Inch Remedy for the Recovery of the fame, as any De-

fendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Act shall be deemed, PuUkkA&s.

Judged, and taken to be, a Publick Act ; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges,

Justices, and all other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XXVII. And it is hereby farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue Term oftL*

and be in force for fourteen Years from and after the said first Day of June* one thousand seven hundred Aa#

and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then nexi Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for raising the Sum of one Million five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities* and at

Lottery attended with Annuities, to be charged on the Sinking Fund. EXP.

CAP. XXV*.

An Act for redeeming one-fourth Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities established by an Act made in the

third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his ALajefly several additional:

Duties upon Wines imported into ibis Kingdom ; and certain Duties upon ail Cyder and Perry; and forrai-

sing the Sum of three Millions five hundred tioufand Pounds by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged*

on the said Duties. E X P.

CAP. XXVI.

An* Act for redeeming the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities established by an Act made in the.

third Year of his present Majesty’s Rtign, in respect of several Navy, Victualling, and TransportBills*

and Ordnance Debentures. EXP.

Vot. X-

Cq

CAPi

