7?o C. 47. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

‘ fere, to the End that such evil Pra61iccs may for the future be remedied and prevented,* be it further

Pfrfbn*in the Service of enabled by the Authoiitv aforesaid, 'Ehat all and every Officer and Officers, Mariners, or other Person

l.jfV imha Com par. y or persons, in the Service of the said Unied Company, who shall, from and after the parting or

t'roici°! “rK,'n) ^ke this Act, carry, trail (port, or (end, or cause to be carried, transported, orient to the East Indus

aforesaid, or shall p it or cause to be put cn board any Ship in the Service of the said United Company

trading so the East Indies, any Artillery, Ordnance, Mufnuets, Kite Arms, Ammunition, or War-

t^tCVthe Stores of any Kind whatsoe\er, or shall knowingly aid or assist therein, without the Licence or

in ihe Ea.t indie*, Authority of the said Unit'd Company, with Intention or for the Purpose of transporting, felling,

wi ir«n Limits of traffic king, bartering, exchanging, cro'hcrwife uttering or disposing of the fame in the Eqfl Indies^

ii;c Tiidr, or within the Limits of the said United Company’s Trade; shall, in every such Cafe, be deemed

rv«vt.e proictured in the an,j ac]jU(]ged to be guilty of a high Crime and Misdemeanour, and as such shall and may be proft-

t;n

Kini

a,d 10 CnrpoVi ^uted for the fame in His M aje fly’s Court of Kings Bench at JVefhrdnjler; and such Person or Personi

Pjflifljwn: cr F.nc.

A ft 7 Cff. HI. c. 49.

so offending being convicted, shall be liable to Inch Corporal Punishment or Fine as the said Court

shall think fit.

III. And whereas, by One other Acct of Parliament passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating certain Proceedings of the General Courts of the

4 United Company of Merchants ^England trading to the End Indies, it was enacted, That no Divi-

4 dend should be mad.! by the said Company, for or in respect of any Time subsequent to the Twen-

4 ty-fourth Day of funey One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, otherwise than in purfunnee

of a Vroteor Resolution, parted by way of Bal!oting,in a General Court of the said Company, which

shall have been summoned for the Purpose of declaring a Dividend, and of the Meeting of which

General Court for such Purpose, Seven Days Notice at the Icaffc shall have been ^iven in Writing,

fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London; and it was thereby further enacted, 1 hat no Balloting

upon any Question proposed in any General Court of the said Company, relative to any Matter

whatfotver, should be begun within a less Space of Time than Eight Hours after the Adjournment

or Breaking-up of the General Court in which it shall have becu determined that such Question

should be decided by Balloting; And whereas the Balloting for every Dividend of the said Company,

as prescribed by the last recited Act, would be attended with much Inconvenience and Delay, in

Cafes where no Alteration in the Rate of the said Company’s Dividend is made or intended to be

made: And whereas the Time or Space of Eight Hours thereby also prescribed for taking such Bal-

loting in Question, and not relative to the Declaration of a Dividend, is not sufficient to give the

Proprietors at large of the said Company’s Stock a full and fair Opportunity to exercise their Right

»l *Cou n k nottaki”S ^uck f*art *n every ff»ch Determination as they are in till ;d to by Law: 'I herefore, for pic

Jram ti*e Rate c venting the aforesaid Inconveniencies for the future,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

Whfn a D'viJ'mt fti.U c

Wf voied ;

a Orncral

differing liw. ....... ~ > - . _ . . . ^

/ Company’* Dividmd from and after the passing of this Act, «h^n any Half* Yearly or other Dividend of the said Company

for preceding Half Year, fjiall he voted anddcclared by a General Court of Proprietors, not varying cr differing from ihc R -.te

a Declaration from the Qf the Company’s Dividend for the lad preceding Half Year, that then and in every such Cafe,

*>b€ Notice ’^ lt not necessary for the said General Court of the said Company to proceed to a Ballot

#or declaring a Dividend. rTpctSling^ such Dividends; but that a Declaration from the Chairman for the Time being of the said

Company of the voting and agreeing of the General Court of Proprietors to such Dividend, shall

Nof^Hotinpto be begunbe a sufficient Notice and Authority for declaring and making such Dividend; and that

Ilorrl\tier joui^ment from anc* a^er Pa^ing of this Act, no Balloting upon any Question proposed in any General Court

©I General Court, of the said Company, relative to any Matter whatsoever, shall be begun wiihin a less Space of Time

than Twenty-four Hours after the Adjournment or Break i\g-up of the General Court in which it

shall have been determined that such Question should be decided by Balloting; any Thing in the said

laf] recited A& to the contrary notwithstanding.

Company's Se xnnt? in IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever

0"nrc^nrl<!? pui lyo( employed by crin the Service of the said United Company, in any Civil or Military Station, Office,

Cr.^e.ler 01 Ulh r or Capacity whatsoever, in the Erfl Indies, or deriving or claiming any Power, Authority, or Juiif-

didiion, by or frrm the said United Company, shall, after the parting of this Act, be guilty of oppref-

*>» be f :fd in tie an/ of His Majesty’s Subjects beyond the Seas within their respe:ti\c Jurisdictions; or, in the

C^Jrr of KinVji'nch Exercise< f any such Station, Office, Employment, Power, or Authority derived or claimed by, from*

and punriVd it or. 'or under the Lid United Company, or shall be guilty of any other Crime or Offence; such Oppref-

tVnce con:ir.it:t«i in fions, Crimes, and Offences, shall and may be enouircd of, heard, and determined, in His Majesty*

^nP!a, d' i , Court, of King's Bench in England; and such Punishments shall be infii&cd on such Offenders, as are

commie v inflicted for Offences of the like Nature commirted in that Part of Great Britain called England ;

‘ ' c“itf'and that the fame, and all other Offences committed rg- inst this Act, may bealledgcdto be commit-

ted, and mav be laid, enquired of, and tried in the County of MidJkfex.

V. And be ir further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions, or Suits, brought

rgainst the said United Company, their Agents, or Servants, or any Person deriving Authority under

the said Company, for any Thing by him or them clone in such Capacity, from and after the parting

of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General lifue,.

and give the Special Matter in Evidence.

Vi. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken

to be a Pi blick Ad; of which Notice shall he judicially taken, by all Judges, Justices, and other

Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Irx.

I.WrJatrs may plead

il.e

General IiTue.

iv,:uk Aa.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereffiy enacted and declared. That the Defendant or Defendants,

rcfcwl nr to deliver to

I u lJdince*or or t^ie‘r Attorney, shall deliver to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in every such Action, or his or their

c‘ 1 Attorney, a No-ice in Writing, (lined by the Defendant or Defendants, or his or their Attorney, of

the Snbiunce of die Defence or Defences which he or they intend to rely upon. Six Days before the

Trial

