The TITLES of the STATUTES.

n. An Act for further regulating the Proceedings of the

United Company of Merchants of England trading to

the East India, with respect to the making of Dividends.

12. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore.

15. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act made

in the tenth \ ear of the Reign of King William the

Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Ma-

jtjly for dislanding the Army, and other necessary Occasions,

as relates to the Number of Troops to be kept upon the

Irish Establishment.

14. An Act for providing proper Accommodations for his

Majesty’s Justices of the Great Sessions in Wales, during

the Time of holding such Sessions.

15. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Transpor-

tation of Offenders.

16. An Act for making and widening a Passage or Street

from 7he Salt Market Street, in the City of Glasgow, to

Saint Audrnvs Churchy in the said City 5 and for en-

. larging anJ complcating the Church-yard of the said

Churc h; and for making and building a convenient Ex-

change or Square in the said City; and also for explain-

ing and amending an Act passed in the thirty-second

Year of his late Majesty, for improving the Navigation

of the River Clyde, to the City of Glasgow; and for

building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said,

City to the Village of Gorhells.

17. An Act to amend an Act made in the seventh Year

of King Geouge the First, intituled, An Act for regu-

lating the 'Journeymen Taylors within the Weekly Bills of

Mutahiy.

13. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight.

19. An Act for further continuing an Act of the sixth

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act

to amend and render more ejjedual, in his Mayfly s Domi-

nions in America, an Act pojfed in this frejent Sejft n of

Parliament, intituled, An Act for p.inishing Mutiny and

Dftertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and

their Quarters.

so. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pav and

Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

cr.lied England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-

fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and

sixty-eight.

21. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and enlight-

ening, the City of London, and the Liberties thereof,

and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances within

the fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned ;

and for repealing an Act made in the sixth Year of his

present Majesty’s Reign for those Purposes.

22. An Act for the more easy and effectual Recovery of

the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by the Acts of Par-

liament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the British

Colonies and Plantations in America.

33. An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the fourth

Year of his present Majesty, as affects the Islands of

Ctuernfey and Jerfry, with respect to the Leakage of

Wines imported into this Kingdom from the said

Islands under certain Rcstrictions and Regulations; and

for continuing an Act made in the thirty-third Year of

his late Majesty, for the better Encouragement of the

making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain.

24. An Act to permit the Exportation of certain Quan-

tities of Malt belonging to certain Merchants in the

County of Norfolk, and which were made for Exporta-

tion between the fifteenth of Ncvcmler, one thousand

seven hundred and sixty-six, and the passing the Act of

last Session for prohibiting the Exportation of Mult.

25. An Act for reducing the Duties on Foul Salt to be

used for Manure; for altering the Stamp Duties on cer-

tain Policies of Afl'urance; for amending so much of

an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of

of his late Majesty King George the Second, as re-

lates to the Allowance of the Duties of Customs, and

\ exempting from the Duties of Excise such Rum or.

Spirits of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of

the British Sugar Plantations in America, as shall be

exported from this Kingdom; for better securing the

Excise Duties upon foreign Liquors imported; for re-

pealing a Clause in an Act made in the last Session of

Parliament, prohibiting the Sale of condemned Tea for

Home Consumption; for amending such Parts of two

Acts made in the sixth and seventh Years of the Reign

of his present Majesty, as relate to the depositing, in

the Warehouses belonging to the Custom-house at Lon-

don, Foreign Wrought Si.ks and Velvets, and Cam-

bricks, and French Lawns, upon the Seizure thereof.

26. An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases, Copies,

and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments,

Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the

fame, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act for the further continuing several Acts of

Parliament made for the Encouragement of the Whale

Fishery carried on by his M jeflv’s Subjifts.

2$. An Act for licensing a Playhouse wiihm the City of

Norwich.

29. An Act for redeeming the Remainder of the Joint

Stock of Annuities established by an Act made in the

third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An

Act for granting to his AlaJejh J'cveral additional Duties

upon H iv.es imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties

upon all Cyder and Perry; and for ruijing the Sum of three

millions free hundred thousand Pounds, l>\ u ay of Annuities

and Lotteries, to le charged on the said Duties.

30. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying cer-

tain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight; and

for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this

Session of Parliament.

31. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way

of Annuities, and a Lottery attended with Annuities,

to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying ;

certain Duties on Wines, and on Cycler and Perry,

granted by two Acts of the third and sixth Years of the

Reign of his present Majesty, to the said Fund.

32. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement'

made between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citi-

zens of the City of London, and the Wardens and

Commonaltvof the My fiery of Alcrcers of the said City,

and Stamp Brook flank Efciuire, Secretary to the Com-

missioners of his Majesty'* Revenue of Excise, for the

Purchase of Gresham College, and the Ground and Build-

ings thereunto belonging; and for vesting ihe fame un-

alienably in the Crown for the Purpose of creating and

building an Excise Office there; and for enabling the

Lecturers of the said College to marry, notwithstanding

the Restriction contained in the Will of Sir 7bomas GVr-

sham Knight, deceased.

?3- An Act for opening certain Passages, and for paving

the Streets and other Places, iti the Parish of Saint Leo-

nard Shoreditch, in the County of AIkLIUjcx, and for pre-

venting Annoyance* therein.

34. An

^ooooie

