172 C. 20.

Anno sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1766.

Attorney not

privileged.

Witness rot

obeying a Sub-

or Defendants, as such Defendant or Defendants shall prove before the said Judge or Judges, or the proper

Officer of the Court wherein such Action shall be brought, it hath truly coll him, her, or them, in the

Defence of such Action or Suit.

TowhatDobti XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any

this AdUhallnot thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt for Rent upon any Lease or Contract where the Title

extend. of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, can or may come in queilijn, or upon any other real Con-

trad; nor to any Debt that shall arilc upon or by reason of any Cause concerning any lad Will or Testa-

m< nt, or Matrimony, or any thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts; nor to any Debt for

Money won at or by Means of any Horse Race, Cock Match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaining or Flay;

nor for any Forfeiture upon any penal Statute or Bye-law; nor to any Debt whereof there hath not been

? Contract. Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise to pay, within six Years before the taking out the

Summons for the fame, although such Debt shall be under the Value of forty Shillings.

Penalty of Per- XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Perfofis, in

jury. making Oath or giving Evidence in any Cause or Matter whatsoever depending in the said Court of Re-

quests, shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and being thereof duly convicted according to Law, such

Person or Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted

of wilful and corrupt Perjury is or are liable, or shall be liable to by the Laws and Statutes of this

Realm.

W> Attorney to XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Attorney of any Court of Record

iia as an Advo- shall be admitted to appear in the said Court of Requests as Attorney or Advocate in behalf of any Plaintiff

or Comraif- or Defendant, or be permitted to speak in any Cause or Matter before the said Court, in which such Attor-

Coner. nCy js not himself a Party or Witness, under a Penalty of twenty Pounds, to be levied and applied as above-

mentioned, with respect to the Keepers of the said Common Gaols or Houses of Correction; nor shall any

such Attorney act as a Commissioner in the said Court of Requests; any thing herein before contained to

the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Privilege, or pretended

Privilege, shall be allowed to exempt any Person residing within the said Town and Borough, or Liberties

aforesaid, and liable to be summoned by virtue of this Act, from the Jurisdiction of the said Court of

Requests, on account of his being a sworn Attorney or Solicitor of any o1 the Courts at Westminster, or of

any other Court whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person rest ding within

the Town and Borough, or Liberties aforesaid, who shall be duly served with a subpoena or summons, to

pan*, to be fin- be issued out of the said Court of Request, to give Evidence on the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant,

ed* shall negletS or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, at the Time and Place therein

mentioned, and due Proof shall be made of the Service of such Subpoena ox Summons, and no Cause of

Absence be shewn or assigned to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners prerent at the Court to which such

Person shall be by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear, and Oath shall be made before the said

Commissioners, by the Party at whose Instance and on whole Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued, that

the Person served therewith was a material Witness for such Party, it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in such Court, to impose and lay a

Fin- not exceeding fifty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, to be levied (if not immediately paid on

Demand) by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the

said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, which Finp when paid or levied shall be paid over to

^the Parry at whose Tnftance and on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued. '

Qjiafr* Affir- XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Affirmation or

ma ion to be Affirmations of the People called Quakers shall be allowed and taken in all Cafes where any Oath or Oaths

allowed. js or are (jjre(qefj to be taken by this Act, instead of an Oath, and shall be administered by the fame Persons

as such Oath or Oaths is or are to be administered; and every Per son making such Affirmation, who shall

be convicted of wilful false affirming, shall incur the fame Penalties and Forfeitures as are inflicted andim-

posed, by any Laws and Statutes of this Realm, upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

Com mi (Tinners XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writ shall be sued out against,

ror to Ve lerved nor any Copy of any Process at the Suit of any Person or Persons-shall be served on, any of the said Com-

*irh Process for missioners, or any of the Officers of the said Court for the time being, for any Thing by him or them done

ny Thing done in the Execution of his or their respefiive Office or Offices, until Notice in Writing of such intended

Writ or Process shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at the usual Place of his or their Abode,

by the Attorney or Agent for the Party who intends to sue, or cause the fame to be sued or served, at lead

one Calendar Month before the suing out or fervin^ the fame; in which Notice shall be clearly and expli-

citly contained the Cause of Action, which such Party hath, or claimeth to have, against such Commis-.

fioner or Officer; on the Back of which Notice shall be indorsed the Name of such Attorney or Agent,

together with the Place of his Abode, who shall be intitled to have the Fee of twenty Shillings for the

prepaiing and serving of such Notice, and no ir ore.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for such Commissioner or Officer, at any Time within one Calendar Month after such Notice given as

aforesaid, to tender Amends to the Party complaining, or to his Attorney or Agent; and in case the fame

(h all not be accepted, to plead such Tender in Bar to any Action to be brought against him grounded on

such Writ or Process, togethe r with the Plea of Not Guilty, and any other Plea with Leave of the Court;

and if upon Issue joined thereon, the Jury shall find rite Amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then

they shall give a Vtrdivft for the Defendant; and in such Cafe, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonfu'ted,

1 or

this A&, until

Notice given:

TTrV may ten<

dtc Anritnds.

