526 G 10.

Anno nono Georgii III.

A.D. 1769.

of the said H rfes, with all Geers, Halters, and Accoutrements; and it shall be lawful for any Person or

Persons to seise and restrain the fame; and the Person or Persons so seising and distraining such Horse,

Geers, Halters, and Accoutrements, shall, within Six Hours after such Seifing, deliver the fame into the

Custody of a Constable of the said parish of New JVindfor, who is hereby required to keep such Horse,

Geers, Halters, and Accoutrements, until Proof upon Oath shall be made of such Offence before any

Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Borough of New JVindfor (which Oath such Justice or Julliccs is

and are hereby impowered to administer); and upon such Proof being made of the Offence committed

within Two Days after the committing thereof, the said Justice or Justices (hill, and he or they is and

are hereby required to order and cause the said Horse, Geers, Halters, and Accoutrements, to be deli-

vered to the Person or Persons so seising and restraining the fame, to and for his and their own proper Use

and Benefit, paying to the said Constable such Charges for the keeping of the said Horse, Geers, Halters,

and Accoutrements, as to the said Justice or Justices shall appear reasonable: Anil if any Person or Per-

fons shall, while haling or drawing any Boat or Barge up the said River, pass along or across the said

Street called Thames Street, the Owner or Owners of such Boat or Barge shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

Penary on ob. XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter

ftrufhruthcEx obstruift, hinder, or molest, any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Person or Persons

01 °* lhlS w^a f°cvcr> who arc or shall be employed to put this Act in Execution, in the Performance or Execution

of his or their Duty; every such Person and Persons so offending shall, for every such OtFence, forfeit

and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings,

power of lcvy’ng XXVII. And be it further enacted. That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed and incur-

Penalues. rcJ ^for t)ic Recovery and Application whereof no particular Method is already directed) shall be levied

and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and

Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any Justice or* Justices of the Peace for the Borough of New JVmdpr,

which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to issue upon the In-

formation of One or more credible Witness or WitncfTcs upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Juf-

tices is and arc hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward]: And such Penal-

ties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any ) when demanded, to the Person

or Persons whose Goods or Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, the Charges of such Di ft refs and Sale

being first deducted, shall go and be applied for such of the Purposes of this Alt as the said Commillio-

mers, or any Five or more" of them, shall think fit: And in all Actions, Prosecutions, Information?,

Caufts, and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to and concerning the Execution of this Act, any Inhabi-

tant within the said Parish and Borough may and shall be admitted to give Evidence, the Rate or Afleli-

ment charged as aforesaid upon any such Inhabitant by virtue hereof notwithstanding.

Persons aggrieved XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall think himfjf,

Qu? *alTerfel f, or themselve^, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no pirti-

ons. :lb cular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person or Persons may, within three Months

after the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter

Section of the Peace to be holden for the County of Berks, such Appellant or Appellants first giving, or

eaufing to be given, Twenty-one Days Notice at least in Writing of his, her, or their Intention te bring

such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners; and within Two

Days after such Notice enter into Recognizance before feme Justice of the Peace for the said Borough of

New JVindfor 9 with Two finffeient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at and abide the Order of

the Court, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the

fail Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice bein°; giv.n, and of the entering into such

Recognizance as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in

a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party or Parties appealing or appealed against: as they the

said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be binding, final,

an 1 conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

D'.stress not iiie- XXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be ma !e for any Sum or Sums of

tp for wan; of Money to be hvied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Part/

*onn. or Pi ties making the same be deemed a Trcfpafler or TrefnalTers on account of any Default or Want of

Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Tref-

pafier or Trespalfers ab initio, on a count of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Parry

or Parties didraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfac-

tion for the special Damage in an Action on the Cafe.

XXX. P rov.ded always. That no Plainti(F or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irre-

gularity, Trespass, or other Proceeding, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on Behalf of

the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, Tref-

pass, or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been

made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action, by Leave

of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before I flue joined, to pay into Court fudi

Sum of Money as he or they shall fee fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders and Judgments, shall

be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is called to

pay Money into Court.

XXXI. And

Povver to ttnder

Amends.

