606 C. 32.

Anno nono Georgii III.

A.D. 1769.

Rates.

in any Manner occasion any Incroachment or Annoyance in the said Streets or Lanes ; every such Per-

son mail, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for each Day’s Continuance

thereof.

Owners miv re- XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons

m .vethm Sign?, {haji i)C minded or desirous, at his or their own Expence, Cost, and Charge, to remove or alter any

lx ;”heircw”fuch Sign, Sign Iron, Post, Board, Gutter, Spout, Penthouse, Porch, or other Thing, occasioning any

xper.ee. Obstruction, Projection, or Annoyance, in the said Streets and Lanes as before directed, that then, and

in such Cafe, all Materials unused after the Alterations thereto made, shall be the Property of the Person

or Persons so making or doing thereof; but if the fame Alterations, or any Part thereof, shall be made

or done at the Expence of the said Commissioners, then if any or any Part of any such Sign, Sign Iron,

Post, Board, Gutter, Spout, Penthouse, or Porch, shall remain unused after the Alteration made thereto

as before directed, the fame shall be the Property of, and is hereby vested in, the said Commissioners for

the Purposes of this Act.

Houses, Sec. to XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Houses and Buildings hereafter to be

rife perpendieu- built or new fronted in the said Streets of Lanes, or either of them, shall, for the effectual and absolute

Jarh when new Prevention of all Manner of Projeftions, Annoyances, and Inconveniencies thereby, rife perpendicularly

tWedr nCW ^roiTl Foundation ; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter presume to

r°iKe * build or new front, or cause the fame to be done, or rife otherwise than perpendicularly from such Foun-

dation, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them,

under their Hands and Seals, to cause the fame to be pulled down and removed by any Person, Work-

men, or Persons they shall think fit; the Costs and Charges whereof shall be paid and reimbursed to the

said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, or their Order, by the Owner or Owners of such

Houses or Buildings, Person or Persons, ordering or directing the fame.

Contracts be- XXVI. Provided always. That nothing herein contained (nail be deemed or taken to make void any

tween Landlords Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord and Tenant, touching or concerning the paving

vacated”11^8 n<>t ^ fa‘d Streets and Lanes, or the keeping in Repair of such Pavement.

XXVII. And, for defraying the Charges and Expences of effecting the several Purposes of this Act,

be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Pafling of this Act, One Rate

or Assessment shall be made, laid, and assess'ed, by the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of

them, Once in every Year, of and upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold,

or occupy, any Houses or Tenements whatsoever within the said Par idles respectively ; so as such Rate

or Assessment, in respect of the Tenements within the said Parish of Saint Nicholas, shall not exceed in

the Whole the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound, according to the Rate made for the Relief of the Poor

of the same Parish of Saint Nicholas ; nor more than Nine-pence in the Pound on Houses and Buildings

in the same Parish of Strood, according to the Rate made for the Relief of the Poor there, in Considera-

tion of their large Proportion of Statute-work ; the fame Rate or Assessment respectively to be collected

and paid in each respective Parish in the Month of October in every Year : And that it shall and may be

lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, or any Person or Persons by them au-

thorifed under their Hands, to inspect arfd take Copies or Extracts out of the Book or Books wherein

such Poor’s Rate or Rates are respectivelyjmade or entered, which the Overseer or Overseers, or other

Person or Persons having the Custody thereof respectively, is hereby required, on producing such Order

as aforesaid, to permit and suffer to be made without Fee or Reward ; and on Refusal thereof by the

Overseer or Overseers of the respective Parishes aforesaid, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, he or

they so refusing shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds for each such Offence, to be re-

covered by the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or

Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record ; in which said Suit no Efloin, Protection, or

Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Two Third Parts of the respective Af-

fefl'ments aforesaid is and are hereby required to be allowed by the Landlord or Landlords to the Tenant

or Tenants who shall pay the fame; and such Payments to be in Law considered as Money actually paid

for Rent due, or to become due, to such Landlord or Landlords of the fame Estates respectively ; and the

other T hird Part thereof to be borne and sustained by the Tenant or Tenants of such Estate or Estates.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Part or Parts of the Pave-

ments of the said Streets or Lanes, or any Part thereof, have or hath been accustomed or ought to be pav-

ed and repaired by any particular Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and not by the Owners

or Occupiers of the Houses or Buildings adjoining to such Pavement; the fame shall be paved, repaired,

nlTLin- amended, at the Expence of the respective Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politick or Corporate, by the

Ravior or Paviors, or other Person or Persons, contracting with or employed by the said Commissioners;

and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, from Time

to Time, to compound and agree with the Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politic or Corporate as aforesaid,

for a certain Sum of Money by the Foot, or other Measure, as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or

more of them, shall think reasonable.

Tenants quitting XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons who

Houses, alter have or hath been rated and assessed by virtue of this Act shall neglect or refuse to pay such Rate or Af-

Rates trade, lia- feflhnent when due, or shall quit his, her, or their Dwelling-house, or other Lajids and Tenements, where-

bic to pay, &c. , * k Upon

Rates appor-

tioned.

Pavement or

Road liable to

be repaiiei by

Pamh, Sec.

to be

the Comm

er? or their Pa-

viois.

^ooooie

