A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii IN. C. 42. 349

the Year in another Parftb, Township, or Place; the Duty shall be performed by such Team, Draught, Team, or

or Plough, in the Parish, Township, or Place, where such Person or Persons shall usually reside. pirt of the y^r

in one Parish, tnd for Part in another, the Doty to fee performed where the Person usually reside*.

XXVIII. And whereas by several Acts of Parliament concerning Turnpike Roads, a certain Part of where Compo-

theDuty called Statute Duty, is or may be directed to be performed on such Roads; and it may happen firi°n ftjl1 bc

in some Places that the several Persons liable thereto may have compounded for the fame; be it therefore m;idcJorSta;

further enacted, That in all such Cafes the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the Parish, Town- po^ion'therrof"

ship, or Place, where such Composition shall have been made, shall pay to the Treasurer or Surveyor of i8to be paid to

such Turnpike Roads a certain Part of the Composition-money so received, to be proportioned according the Turnpike

to the Number of Days Duty which such Person or Persons was or were liable to perform on such s,rvc>'or» ifp*rt

Turnpike Road. or such Duty

to b- performed

on the Turnpike Roads.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if upon Application of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the where thr o-

Highways for any Parish, Township, or Plac^, to the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, ne a,or(^!3rfcf

Division, City, Corporation, Precindf, or Liberty, wherein such Parish, Township, or Place, lieth, t

their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, the said Justices, or the major Part of them, shall be fully the'apan?n

satisfied, by Proof upon Oath, that the Duty hereby directed to be performed, and the Money hereby of the surveyor,

authorized to bc collected and received, has been performed, applied, and expended, according to the that rheDuty

Directions of this Act; or shall be fully satisfied that the Common Highways, Bridges, causeways, *nd M°ner.

Streets, or Pavements, belonging to such P.vilb, Township, or Place, are so far out of Order that they |^e

cannot be sufficiently amended and repaired, Oaved, cleansed, and supported, by the Means herein before orthauheHi’h-

prescribed (Notice being first given of such intended Application at the Church or Chapel of such Parish, wa\s, Bridges,

Township, or Place, on some Sundaypreceding such Quarter Sessions) that then, and in any of the said cWc*-.*,

Cafes, one or more Assessment or Assessments upon all and every the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Streets or pav*

and Hereditaments, within any such Parish, Township, or Place, shall or may be made, levied, and col-

lested, by such Person and Persons, and allowed in such Manner, as the said Justices, by their Order at vldea for by the

such Sessions, shall diretft and appoint in that Behalf; and the Money thereby raised shall be employed Mnn* before

and accounted for according to the Orders and Directions of the said Justices, for and towards the amend- p/efcribedj Mo-

ing, repairing, paving, cleansing, and supporting, such Highways, causeways, Streets, Pavements, and “t0 btflY?

Bridges, from time to time, as Need shall require; and the said Assessments shall, by virtue of a War- ^nmenuarc to*

rant under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods t* ma, c 3Ccord-

of every Person so assessed, and not paying the fame within ten Days after Demand 5 rendeiing the Over- ingiy for those

plus of the Value of the Goods so distrained to the Owner and Owners thereof, the necessary Charges of Purp°r«; to be

making such Distress and Sale being first deducted. inTs^e P‘ftrc‘s

XXX. Provided nevertheless, That no such Assessment or Assessments, to be made in any one Year, But nofi.ch Af-

shall exceed the Rate of six Pence in the Pound of the yearly Value of the Lands, Tenements, and fronts are to

Hereditaments, so assessed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Fine, Issue, Penalty, or Forfeiture, for not repairing the No Fine, Ac. fi*

Highways, or not appearing to any Indictment or Presentment for not repairing the fame, shall hereafter not repairing

bc returned into the Court of Exchequer, or other Court, but shall be levied by, and paid into the Hands the Highways

of, such Person or Persons residing in or near the Parish, Township, or Place, where the Road shall lie, or

as the Court, imposing such Fines, Issues, Penalties, or Forfeitures, shall order and direct, to be applied presentment's for

towards the Repair and Amendment of such Highways; and if any Fine, Issue, Penalty, or Forfeiture, the r.une, to be

to be imposed on any such Parish, Township, or Place, for not repairing the Highways, or not appearing returned into the

as aforesaid, shall hereafter be levied on any one or more of the Inhabitants of such Parish, Township, E,fhc1quer,i bat

or Place, that then such Inhabitant or Inhabitants shall and may make his or their Complaint to the JheCourt'di*

Justices of the Peace, at their Special Sessions; and the said Justices, or any two of them, aie hereby im- re^s. where the

powered and authorized, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause a Rate to be made, according Ro..i Iirs, md

to the Form and Manner herein last before prescribed, for the reimbursing such Inhabitant or Inhabitants *ppi:<-J iheicto.

the Monies so levied on him or them as aforesaid; which Rate, so made and confirmed by any two M:hod ol Re*'

Justices, shall be collected and levied by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of such Parish,

Township, or Place, so presented or indicted as aforesaid; and the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall, such of the in-

within one Month next after the making and confirming the Rate aforesaid, collc£t, levy, and pay, unto habitant? on

such Inhabitant or Inhabitants, the Money so levied on him or them as aforesaid. a°r

Finr, Ac. frail

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every Parish, su^ot is ro

Township, or Place, shall carefully and diligently collect all the Rates, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Com- Coi!'a°A\

positions, directed and allowed to be received and taken by virtue of this Act; and shall keep one or more Forfeitures, Pe»

Book or Books, in which he or they shall fairly enter an Account of all such Money as shall have come to n»ities,ana

his or their Hands by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and to whom and on what Occasion lie or Composition*;

they shall have disposed of the fame; and shall also enter in such Book or Books a List or Lifts of all founts at-

such Sums of Moneyas shall then remain due and owing from any Person or Persons in respect of the cord-rip to th«

Payments, Com positions. Rates, Assessments, Penalties, or Forfeitures, to he collected, received, or taken. Method bn*

for and in respe<£t of the said Highways, by virtue of this Act: And the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall prcicnbca;

also enter in the said Book or Books an Account of all Tools, Materials, Implements, and other Things,

provided

