118 C. 46. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

4 upon News Pa per Si Advertise mentis and Almanacks ; and upon Licences for retailing Wine\ and upon Coals

* exported to foreign Parts ; and for applying, from a certain Time-, the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus

4 of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liauors ; and for raising the Sum of three Millions, by Annul-

ties, to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, ana Sums of Money ; and for making perpetual\ an Act made

4 in the fscond Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attor-

4 nies and Solicitors; and for enlarging the Time of Filing Affidavits of the Execution of Contracts of

4 Clerks to Aitornies and Solicitors ; and also the Time for Payment 0; the Duties omitted to be paid for the Inden-

'4 tures and Contrails of Clerks and Apprentices; the Printers and Publishers only, and not the Proprietors, of

4 News Papers, and other Papers and Pamphlets, are made.subjetft and liable to the Duties imposed on

4 Advertisements, whereby great LofTes happen to the Revenuebe it therefore further enacted by the

Ko Stamp! to be Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and nxty*

PamTi€t?or0r five» ne*l^er l^e Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, nor any Officer to be appointed by them for distri-

V*wsP«p*«/til! Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, shall fell or deliver any Stamped Paper for printing any

Security be given Pamphlet, or any Publick News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, to be contained in any one Sheet, or any

fonhe Duties for lesser Piece of Paper, unless the Person applying for the fame {hall first give Security to his Majesty for

the Advertise- the Payment of the Duties for the Advertisements which {hall be printed therein or thereupon.

ments to be . r

•printed thereon.

Card Maker* t# 4 IX. And whereas great Frauds and Abuses are committed in the Duties imposed, by several Acts of

fend Paper to the ‘ Parliament, on Playing Cards in Great Britain \ for preventing whereof, be it further enacted by the

§ump office, in Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and

sufficicntNum- fixtX~five» every Maker of Playing Cards in Great Britain, {hall send to the Commissioners for the Stamp

kerof Aces'of * Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to their Officers, a sufficient Quantity of Paper, in order to

Spades marked, have as many several Aces of Spades marked or impressed thereon as such Maker shall desire ; and that no

one of which is Pack of Playing Cards made for Play in Great Britain, or for Exportation, {hall be used in Play, or ex-

Put ^each ported, without one of such Aces of Spades marked or impressed, as herein after is mentioned and

hew stamp is to directed i and that the said Commissioners for the Stamp Duties {hall, instead of the present Mark or

be made for the Stamp imposed on the Ace of Spades, cause a new Stamp, Mark, or Plato, to be prepared, with such

Purpose, with a Device as they shall think proper, to denote the said Ace of Spades, as well in every Pack of Cards made

diuinguishing for Use or Play in Great Britain, as in every Pack of Cards made for Exportation, l’o as that in such

Mark ka Device there shall be some distinguishing Mark between Cards for Home, and Cards for Foreign Con-

Cards To?6’ fumption ; and that the said Commissioners {hall, from time to time, renew, alter, or add to, such Device,

foreign Con- as they {hall think proper. , -

fumption j

»nd they aieaifo X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker of Cards {hall, from and

OfHc^Wra^ers a^tcr *he ^ fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, send to the said Commissioners

fuc iCnciofingPthe the Stamps, or their Officers, Jews or Wrappers made for inclosing Cards for Use or Play in Great

Cards, with their Britain^ with his Name, and any other particular Word or Thing printed thereon, as the said Commis-

fJames, See. ’ sioners {hall dire£f, in order that the fame may be stamped, and delivered again, from time to time, to

Fr*nt'd fi,ch Maker, as Occasion {hall require ; and that from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand

nam t wVhone seven hundred and sixty-five, the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties {hall and may denote one of the

of the Six'penny fix Penny Duties charged on Playing Cards in Great Britain on such Jew or Wrapper.

Duties charged

/kndkarate XL And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said

Accounbare to fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, separate and distinct Accounts {hall be kept

be kept with by the proper Officer of the Stamp Duties with every Card Maker of the Cards made by him for Use or

each Card Play in Great Britain, and of those made for Exportation ; the Charges in which said several Accounts

Maker, of the shall be made out against him from the Number of Aces of Spades, Labels, and Jews or Wrappers, deli-

HomeTnd ofF vere^ > and every such Card Maker shall, once in every twenty-eight Days, attend at the Stamp Office, or

thcdTforEx- on the Distributor of Stamps next adjacent to the Place where he mall make Cards, and adjust, settle, and

portation; sign the fame; and in case any Difference shall arise in settling such Accounts, then such Card Maker

which arc tobc {hall immediately, or within one Week after, if he carries on his Trade within ten Miles of London ; and,

settled oncca if at a greater Diffance, then within twenty Days, apply to the said Commissioners of the said Duties to

^"Difference the whose Determination shall be final; and if any such Card Maker shall neglect or refuse

arising there- to apply as aforesaid, then such Accounts, whether signed or not by him, shall be deemed conclusive, and

tipm, is to be be admitted in Evidence against him.

settled by the

Commission* rs.

Where Cards

shall be spoiled

in the making,

theCommirton-

ert sre to allow

another Ace of

Spades for the

damaged one.

Maker making

up any Ace of

Spades, for Jew,

ulrd ht fore, for-

feits aoi.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Pack of Playing Cards, or

Part of any Pack of Playing Cards, shall be damaged, defaced, or spoiled, in making the same, so as to

be rendered unfit for Play; then, on Oath made thereof by the Maker (which Oath the said Commis-

sioners of the Stamp Duties, or any three of them, are hereby impowered to administer) such Maker shall

be allowed by such Commissioners another Ace of Spades, instead of the Ace so damaged, defaced, or

spoiled, with any such Pack, or Part of any such Pack, of Playing Cards, on producing and delivering to

the said Commissioners such damaged, defaced, or spoiled Ace.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Maker of Cards shall use, in

the making up any Pack of Cards, any Ace of Spades, Jew, or Wrapper, that has been used before;

then every such Card Maker shall* for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XIV. And

