772

C. 45.

Anno decifflo Georgii III.

A.D. 1770.

commanded, appointed, and done by virtue of any Order or Orders issued by His Majesty in Coun-

cil in relation to the Premises, or of any Contraft or Agreement not performed by Means of or in

Obedience to such Order or Orders in Council, be, are, and shall bedischarged and made void by

De'en^antinEngland ma> virtue of this Act ; and that if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of

*lead the ' Great Britain called England, against any Person or Persons for any such Act, Matter, or Thing, fa

advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or such Contraft or Agreement not. performed, he, she.

Central Ifloe, or they, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence ; and if

the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Action or Suit so to be commenced or prosecuted, shall become Non-

suit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if Judgement shall be given upon,

any Verdict or Demurrer against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and

•nd recover Double Cost*. may recover Double Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defen-

dants hath or have in other Cafes by Law ; and if any such Action, Prosecution or Suit as aforesaid*

Like Indemnity extendedcommenced or nurfued in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in the Kingdom of

to Defenders in Scotland Ireland^ the respective Court before whom such Action, Prosecution or Suit shall be commenced or

and Ireland. pursued. shall allow to the Defender the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity hereby provided,

and shall further allow to him his Double Costs of Suit in all such Cafes as aforesaid.

Hi* Majesty impoweredto III. 4 And for the better preventing the Spreading of such Infection, and putting a Stop to the

make Orders m Council,* Disorder,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,’ That it shall and may be lawful to and

^ncermnstheReowyaJofi-Qj. the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successort, by and with the Advice of His or

* * Their Privy Council, from Time to Time to make such Provisions, Rules, Orders and Regulations*

and to vary or repeal the fame, as His Majesty in His great Wiidom shall ju Jge most expedient and

efteftual, in Great Britain, Ireland, and all other His Majesty’s Dominions thereunto belonging, or

and buyiugup, and kill- any Part or Parts thereof, for or concerning the driving and removing, or the prohibiting or preventing

log thereof, the driving and removing of any Cattle infefted or not infefted with the said Distemper, as the Occa-

,4 w q-,;^,Ai«o^°n may require, from or out of any such County, Ri ing, Division, Hundred, Parish or Place, to

Ut the*lame, and prohi any Fair or Market, or to any other such County, Hundred, Parish or Place, as shall for that Pur-

bum? the Sale of needed pose be specified in such Rules, Orders or Regulations ; and for or concerning the buying up, seizing,

Caitte, Hides, Sec, or killing any such Cattle for the fake of flopping or preventing Infection ; and making reasonable

Satisfaction thereupon to the Owner or Owners of such Cattle ; and for prohibiting the Sale, Dispo-

fition, or other Use of any such Cattle as shall or may be infefted with the said Distemper, or of any

Manner of Hides or Skins, Horns or other Parts of such infefted Cattle; and also for .deft roy ing fucr*

Fodder, Litter and other Things as have been used about or breathed upon by any infefted Cattle ;

and purifying Stables, &c and concerning the washing, cleansing, and otherwise purifying all Stables, Out-houses, Yards*

and the Buriil, and Man- anj other Places where, any such Cattle have been;, and also for'the Burial of any such Beads as shall

infe&i°us Distemper, or be killed on account of or for the fake of Hopping or preventing

ytl° * Infection, and every Part thereof, within such Time, at such Depth under Ground, so fattened and

flaked down, and in such Manner in all Refpeftsas shall be speci&ed in such Orders as aforesaid ; any

Statute, Cullom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

©rdets in Council of 7, IV. 4 And whereas the said Orders made by His Majesty in Council, bearing Date the Seventh*

J4, and 12 Dec. *769. « the Fourteenth, and the Twenty-second Days of De'cernber, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-

* nine, so confirmed as aforesaid, have been found beneficial be it therefore enacted by the Autho-

rity aforefa'd. That the fame, and all the Provisions, Powers, and Authorities, Rules, Orders, and

Regulations therein contained and inserted (except such and so much of them, or any of them respec-

yteept repealed or altered; trvely as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, at any Time or Times, shall, with the Advice of

and likewise tubfeejuent His and Their Privy Council, judge proper and expedient to repeal, alter, or vary) shall be in Force ;

and the fame, and also all such others, and such Variations and Additions, and for such further Pur-"

poses as His Majesty in His great Wisdom shall judge most expedient and efteftual to put a Stop to or

of prevent the Spreading of such Distemper, as shall be made by virtue of and in pursuance, and under

the Power and Authority of this present Act ; shall be observed and obeyed by all His Majesty's Sub-

jects under the Penalty of Ten rounds, inflicted and directed to be levied by this Act, for each and

every Offence committed against the fame.

Masif- v. And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That all and every the Powers and Authorities

given by the aforesaid Orders of Council, or which shall be given by any subsequent Order or Orders

of Council, by virtue of the Authority aforesaid, to Justices of the reace, and other Magistrates, and

to Commissioners of the Land Tax, Inspectors, and other Officers appointed in that Behalf ; shall be

duly executed, and are hereby established and enacted, and declared to be as good and valid in the

Law, to all Intents and Purposes, during the Continuance of the fakl Order or Orders* and of this

Act, as if the fame were herein repeated and expressly enacted.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of Juney One thou-

Fcjfon* who fluff p oent f,n(j seven hundred and seventy, all and every Person and Persons who shall* by Force or Threats,

tvLm cxccuur tci or. intimidate, hinder, or prevent the said Justices, Magistrates, Commissioners, Inspectors, Officers^

wm exccu ing uc f-^ Qtjlcr persons nominated or appointed in that Behalf, from executing the said Rules, Orders, and

or who shall enter into Regulations* or any of them, or from performing their respective Duties in relation thereto ; or who-

Combination* to difobej shall enter into any Agreement, Combination, Confederacy, Association, or Subscription, to disobey

or defeat the fame, 7 the said Order or Orders in Council, or to defeat, hinder, or prevent the Execution thereof, {hall

forfeit 50I. to the foie Use forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds ; to be recovered by Bill, Plaint* Suit, or Information, in

of the Piofccuter, any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminflerj by any Person or Persons who shall inform and

sue for the same : to go and be paid to and for the foie Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons

t respectively, with full Costs of Suit,

& YU. And,

»nd destroying Fodder,

Ac.

Orders,

lo be obeyed on Pain

10 1. for every Offence,

Powers given to

trite* and Offuei* by

inch Orders,

declared valid.

Aittr 24 J'inc, 1770

