io^> 0« 43.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

A.D. 1765.

Penalty of enter,

ing Goods for

Exportation to

foreign Parts,

other than the

Islands of Faro,

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Merchant or other Person

{hall enter any Goods for Exportation to foreign Parts, other than to the said Islands of Faro or Ferro, in

order to obtain the Drawback or Bounty for the fame; or if any Goods which are prohibited to be worn

or used in Great Britain or Ireland, shall be entered for Exportation to foreign Parts, other than to the

said Islands of Faro or Ferro; and such Goods shall nevertheless be carried to the said Islands, and landed

in order to obtain there contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this ACfc; that then, and in every such Cafe, the Draw-

^ouiltv^amd or Bounty paid or to be paid for the fame, {hall be forfeited; and the Exporter of such Goods, and the

iffo prohibited Matter of the chip or Vessel on board which the fame were loaden and exported, and every Person concerned

Goods so enter-or assisting in the Exportation or Landing of the said Goods, whether any Drawback or Bounty has been

ed; and after- or is to be paid for the fame or not, {hall forfeit treble the Value of the Goods; and the Ship or Vessel on

wards landing board which such Goods were loaden and exported, with all her Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, {hall

is forfbiture^f0’ a  ^of^ejted, and {hall and may be seized and prosecuted by any Officer of the Customs or Excise in

the Bounty, and Britain or Ireland; and the several Penalties and Forfeitures herein before mentioned, {hall and may

treble Value of be sued for and recovered in such and the like Manner, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law of the

the Good?, to- Revenue may be sued for and recovered in the^ Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland respectively; one

gether with the Moiety of which Penalties and Forfeitures (after deducing the Charges of Prosecution) (nail he to the

Use of his Majesty, his*Heirs, and Successors; and the other Moiety to such Officer of the Customs or Ex-

cife as {ball sue or prosecute for the fame.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of

July* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the said Islands of Faro or Ferro {hall be added to, and

included in the Oath upon all Debentures for Goods exported, whereon the Exporter is to swear, that such*

Goods are not landed or intended to be landed in Great Britain or Ireland.

4 XXXIV. And, for preventing the Frauds frequently used in importing Coffee in small Quantities,

4 whereby the fame is more easily conveyed away without Payment* of any Duties for the fame;* be it

hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven

hundred and sixty-five, no Coffee {hall be brought or imported from any Part of Europe; or from and after

the first Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, {hall be brought or imported from

any Part of Asia, Africfi, or America, into Great Britain, or into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek

thereof, in any Ship or Vessel, from any Place or Places whatsoever beyond the Seas, otherwise than in

Cask, Chest, Cafe, Bag, or other Package, each. Calk, Chest, Cafe, Bag, or other Package whereof

shall contain one hundred and twelve Pounds of neat Coffee at the lead, to be flowed openly in the Hold of

such Ship or Vessel importing the fame; on Pain to forfeit all the Coffee so brought or imported contrary to

this A&, with the Package containing the fame, which {hall and may be seized by any Officer of the Cuf-

toms or Excise.

4 XXXV. And whereas by an A& of Parliament passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty

King George the First, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee,

Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, and Cocoa Paste imported; and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof;

and for prohibiting the Importation of Chocolate ready made, and Cocoa Paste; and for better ascertaining the

4 Duties payable upon Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts imported; and for granting Relief to Robert Dalziel, late

4 Earl of Carnwath; it was, amongst other Things, provided and enacted, That from and after the

4 twenty-fourth Day of Tune, One thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, all Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa

4 Nuts, imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain from any foreign Parts, upon the Entry thereof at

the Custom-house, and paying or securing the several Subsidies and additional Imposts which {hould then

remain due thereon, should be forthwith carried or put into such Warehouse or Warehouses as {hould be

4 for that Purpose provided, at the Charge of the respective Importer or Importers of such Coffee, Tea, and

4 Cocoa Nuts, and {hall be approved of by the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, or the major

4 Part of them, for the time being: And whereas several Persons have refused or negleCted, for a long

4 Time after the Importation of such Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts, to make due Entry thereof, and to pay

4 or secure the several Subsidies and additional Imposts due thereon, and have insisted to keep the fame on

4 board, by which Means the Revenue of Excise hath been unnecessarily put to a very considerable Ex-

4 pence, by keeping Tidefmen on board the Ships; and great Opportunities are also obtained for embez-

4 zlingor running on Shore all or Part of the said Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts, without Payment of

Importer of C©f- C any Duties for the fame, notwithstanding the utmost Care -and Vigilance of the Officers of Excise to

fec^Tca, or prevent the fame for Remedy whereof, be it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from

Cocoa Nuts, is and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, the Importer or Importers

to enter the Gf any Coffee, Tea, or Cocoa Nuts, imported into Great Britain, within thirty Days next after the

Master or Purser, for that Voyage, of the Ship or Vessel wherein the said Coffee, Tea, or Cocoa Nuts, .

por^made at the imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall have, or ought to have, made a just

Custom House and true Entry or Report, upon Oath, of the Burthen, Contents, and Lading, of such Ship or Vessel,

of the Ship’s in pursuance of the Directions of the Statute made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of

Arrival, &c. King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in his Majestys Cuf-

jU & "Icar^ iomsy shall make due Entry thereof, with an Officer of the Excise, to be appointed by the respective Com-

c. 11. and it to missioners of Excise in England and Scotland for that Purpose, and land the fame, to be put in the Ware-

duly land the h<£:fes as aforesaid, on Pain to forfeit, for every Neglect or Refu-al to make such Entry, or to land the

fame, to be put fame according to the Directions of this Act, all such Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts, with the Package

wfierein the fame {hall be contained on board such Ship or Vessel, belonging to such Importer or Importers

Forfeiture tb*erc- kme neglecting or refusing; which {hall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the

Vessel.

The Islands of

Faro to be in-

eluded in the

Oath upon De-

bentures for

Goods exported,

No Coffee to be

imported in lets

Packages than

f 12 lb. neat

Coffee,

«n Penalty of

Forfeiture.

Recital of Clause

in Act 10 Geo. c

I. c. 10. €

Excise.

XXXVI. Provided

