A.D. 1767.

Anno feptimo Georgii III.

C. 5 3^5

Sessions arc hereby authorised and required to hear and determine such Appeal or Complaint, and to make

Order therein, and to award such Cods as to them shall appear just ; which Order shall be final and con-

elusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable by any Writ of Certiorari, or oilier wife, i;to

any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

XVI. Provided also, That no Person or Persons whosoever shall be intitled to Satisfaction for any such Application to

Damages as aforesaid, unless Application in respect thereof shall be made to the said Trustees, or their in

Clerk, within the Space of six Calendar Months after such Damages shall have been sustained. v 'irn*

* XVII. Provided also, That in case the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, dull not (being \n Drfnult of

thereunto required) satisfy and pay the Sum or Recompence for such Damage or Injury to be offered as SithfVhon,

aforesaid, or which shall be so assessed and settled as aforesaid, within thirty Days after such Rcqurst made, I>Cf,jn*

it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons aggrieved to appoint one or more Person or Persons to ^mA^,[.rcclvc

receive the Rates and Duties to arise by virtue of this Act, and thereout to pay all such Damages so to nc

be offered, assessed, and settled, as aforesaid ; and the Money to be received by such Receiver or Receivers

shall and is hereby declared to be as so much Money received to the Use of such Person or Persons

receiving Damage or Injury as aforesaid ; and after such Damages so settled and assessed as aforesaid shall

be paid and satisfied, the Power and Authority of such Receiver or Receivers, for the Purposes last men-

tioned, shall cease and determine.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Verdict as aforesaid shall be given for   of the

a greater Sum thin shall have been offered by, or on Behalf of, the said Trustees, or any seven or more Jury, ho# 10 be

of them, in Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Trustees; or in case no such Offer shall have been PJ,d*

made before the summoning of any such Jury ; that then, all the Expences of summoning and maintaining

such Jury and the Witnesses, and of taking such Inquest, shall be paid by the said Trustees, or .any seven

or more of them, out of the Monies to arise* or be paid by virtue of this Act: But if any such Verdict

shall be given for no more or for a less Sum than shall have been so previously offered by or on the Behalf

of the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, then, and in every such Cafe, such Expences (to be

settled by any two of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for (he County wherein such Jury shall he

returned) shall be defrayed by the Owners of, or the Persons interested in, the Messuages, Mills, Weirs,

Turnpikes, Locks, Citterns, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Property in question ; and

such Expences, so settled and ascertained, shall be deduced and taken out of the Monies so assessed and

adjudged ; and such Deduction shall be deemed and taken as Payment of so much thereof.

XIX. Provided always, That in case any Place or Places in question, for which a Satisfaction for Provision in case

Damages or Recompence is to be made by virtue of this Act, shall lie parrly in the County of Hertford, Pia«»nqurftu»*

and partly in the County of Essex, such Satisfaction or Recompence shall be enquired of, and ascertained bounties

by, a Jury or Justices of the County of EJJ'cx ; and in case any such Place or Places shall lie partly in the n ie'

County of Middlesex, and partly in the County of EJJ'e*, the fame shall be enquired of, and ascertained

by, ajury or Justices of the County of Middlesex.

XX. And Sc it further enacted. That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, artfl they Navigation or

are hereby rcauired to cause the said River to be kept navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, Lighters, the River to be

and other Vessels, in the present Channel or Course thereof, until the Works to be done and performed Prclcrvcd-

in pursuance of this Act shall be respectively done and performed ; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trurteea may

Trustees, or any five or more of them, to begin, and, from time to time, proceed in making such of the !^cc*dm th‘»

Cuts or Canals, and such of the other Works which they are hereby authorised to do, for improving and of^asthey

extending the said Navigation, and at such Place and Places as they shall think proper for the more easy ftalitttnk p,0-

effectuating the Purposes of this Act. per.

XXI. Provided always. That if the said Trustees shall omit by the Space of ten Years, to set out. New Cuti. after

open, and make any of the said Cuts pr Canals, such Cuts or Canals shall never thereafter be'set out, a limited Time,

opened, or made, without the previous Consent of the Owners and Persons interested' in any Messuages, corfent

Weirs, Turnpikes, Locks, Citterns, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Property which the oi V^neri^c?

said Trustees shall think necessary to purchase, pulldown, dettrov, cut, dig, alter, remove, or otherwise

make use of, for setting out, opening, or making such Cuts or Cana’s respectively.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That such Ground as shall be necessary for the Ntvlprlofifrom

extending and improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from a Place called The Folly, at the said Town TheFeiy toth*

of Hertford, to the Flood-gates belonging to the Town Mill in the said Town of Hertford, shall be taken

on the South East Side of the said River; and no more Ground shall be taken for that Purpose than shall sLe” he River.*

be sufficient to make the Navigation of the said River of the Width of eighteen Feet ; any Thing in this

Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Tornp'ke nrar

seven or more of them, and they arc hereby directed and impowered, as soon as conveniently may be r.fter d

the patting of this A ft, to remove the Turnpike crested above Stanjled Bridge, and ere ft another 'Turn- I* reeved,

pike, or other Dcyice instead thereof, higher up the said River, and below the Mouth of Sum/hd Mill

Streamy and also to erect a Lock or Pen of Water at or near Stanjled Weir nbovc the 'Fail Stream of

St willed Mills ; any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared and enacted. That the said Trustees, or any N< ti.Irg In *Ke

cf them, shall nor have any Power or Authority to remove, destroy, or intermeddle with a certain V/cir, Ai{ ro fvrrnl :o

fittiate on the said River in the Parish of WalthamJhWy in the said County of Essex, commonly called or

known by the Name of France's Weir, without the Consent and Approbation of Sir William ^Li\nardl^[^\"Q^rm

Laronct/ his Heirs *r Afllgns, first had and obtained in Writing, under his or thcii Hand and Seal, or jVIjue

Vol. X. v 3 D Hands \v*«.

