288 C. 17. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Hiti,ia Man dc- Serjeant, or other Person recruiting for Men to inldjt apd ferv$ in his Majesty* other Forces, that he is, at

aying, at the the Time of his ottering to inljft, a Militia Man then a&uajly inrolled and engaged to serve; (which the

Time of inlisti said Officer, Serjeant, or other Person, is hereby required tQ a#£. any Man ottering to inlist) and shall

hed15 inlist in his Majesty’s other Forces, or shall offer himself to be inrolled apd serve in tjic Regiment Batta-

en^icrdtorerre:Kan, or Independant Company of Militia, belonging to anyfother Count,y, Riding, or Plape; every such

or offering to be Person so offending* on Gonvidlion thereof by.the IftforqwUop a#d Qatfc of one Witijefe, before a Justice

inroited, and of the Peace for the Cpupty, Riding, or Place, wherein inch Person was first inrolled and engaged to

fmc, in any serve jn Militia (which Oath focn justice is hereby impawered and required to administer) shall be

committed to the common Gaol of such County* Riding* or Place, there to remain, without Bail or

be commit- Mainprise, for and during any Tune nof exceeding six Months, over apd above any Penalty or Punife-

tH for 6 Months ment to which such Person so offending is or shall be liable by L<lw| and every such Person so offending,

v-r and ab>ve from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not (boner, shall belong, as

Y hi n8ku he a Soldier, to such Corps of his Majesty’s other Forces into which he shall have been so inlisted, and wall,

l3w- Indatth*ti]1 regularly discharged therefrom* be to such Duties, Pafiis, ^nd Penalties as the Soldiers in such

zZ'Jhi, En Corps shall be liable to.

shall ferye as a Saldict in the Corps in which he inlisted.

‘ XIX. And whereas the several Powers granted by the Laws now in being, relating to the Militia

4 Forces within that Part of Great Britain called Enrlandj for punching Serjeants, Drummers, andFifers,

4 for Misbehavipqr, Disobedience of Orders, or Negletft of Duty, during the Time the Militia to which they

4 belong is not in actual Service, or is not called Out to annual Exercise, have been found defe&W ai*d

Secant, Drum.4 insufficient 1 be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Serjeant-major, Serjeant,

mcr> or Fifc* Drum-major, Drummer, or Fifer, engaged to serve in any Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company

of Militia, within that Part of Great Britain called England) and who shall have received Pay therein at

any Time from and after the patting of this A&, during his Engagement to serve in any such Regiment,

Battalion, or Indcpcndant Company, and during the Time the Militia, to which he shall belong, is not

in actual Service, or out at annual Exercise, shall misbehave, be negligent in his Duty, or be difobe-

dient to the Orders of the Adjutant, or other his superioi; Officer, and be thereof convt&ed upon the

Oathofjhe Adjutant, or other his superior Officer, or other credible Witness, before a Justice of the

Peace for the County, Riding, or Place, to the Militia whereof such Serjeant-major, Serjeant, Drum-major,

Drummer, or Fifer, shall belong (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and required to admini-

fter); such Serjeant-major, Serjeant, Drum-major, Drummer, or Fifer, (over and above any Penalty or

Punishment to which he shall be liable by any former Law) shall be committed to the common Gaol of the

County, Riding, or Place, wherein such Offender shall be engaged to serve in the Militia, there to

remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding six Months.

subject to by former Atts) be committed for 6 Mouths;

guilty of Mifbe-

luvi^yr, Negl<£l

tt Duty, or Dif-

obedience of Ot-

ders, when the

Regiment, &c.

>« hot in actual

Service, or out

on annual Exer.

Cife, may (over

■nd above the

Penalty he is

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ip case apy Serjeant-major, Serjeant,

Drum-major, Drummer, or Fifer, during the Time the Militia to which he mall belong is not in aflual

Service, or out at annual Exercise, shall desert from the Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company,

nd deferring, in which he shall be inrolled and engaged to serve; it shall and may be lawful to and for any Headborough,

at a:;y such Constable, or Tythingman, of the Town or Place where any Person who may be reasonably suspected to

appYehended, C such a Deserter shall be found, to apprehend, or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such Person to

and committed; he brought before any Tuftice of the Peace living in or near such Tqwn or Place, who bath hereby Power

1 to examine such suspedfed Person; and if by his Confcfiion, or the Testimony of ope or more Witnefcor

Wrtnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear or be found that such fufoefted

Person is such a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County

or Place where he shall be found, or to the House of Correction, or other publick Prison, in such Town

of which an Ac- or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary at

count is to War for the time being, to the End such Person may be proceeded against as is herein after directed; and

trdnimitted to the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, shall receive the full Subfistence of such De-

War YnY^dcAo ^erte^’ during the Time that he or they shall continue in his Custody, for the Maintenance of the faifl

pwYuYYn, Vc°. Deserter, but shall not be intitled to any Fee or Reward on Account of his or their Imprisonment; any

Keeper t.f the Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Prison to receive the Subsistence-money for his Maintenance.

P r so n to be

delivroed u; r&

the Or. lot of the

Seo clary at

War;

rvl conveyed tn

a J >ifriL" of the

County, £c. jn

or!«r so C< jti-

nuiRjciU ;

where h? is to

remain, till the

K v.i rnc-nt be

rirth int#

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

the Secretary at War for the time being, upon receiving such Account as aforesaid, if such Deserter shall be

taken out of the County to the Militia whereof he or they shall belong, to issue out an Order, under his

Hand and Seal, to the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison where such Deserter shall be confined, requiring

such Gaoler or Kei per to deliver such Deserter to the Person or Persons therein named, which he is hereby

required to do; and such Person or Persons shall thereupon convey such Deserter in such Manner, and

by such Means, as the Secretary at War for the time being shall diredf, before a Justice of the County to

the Militia whereof such Deserter shall belong, who shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol,

House of Coric&ion, or other publick Prison, within the said County, to the End such Deserter may be

proceeded against as is herein after directed.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Th.it such Deserter shall remain and be

kept in such Gaol or Piifon without Bail or Mainprize, until such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent

Company of Militia, to which such Deserter shall belong, shall he called out to annual Exercise, or imbo-

g ' ‘ die!

Dogle

