A. D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. C. 21. 551

XIX. And it is hereby further enifled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said new Paving shall bew^ are

begun at the South End of the said Town in the First Year after the passing of this Act, and at the North firlUobuePi re41,

End in the succeeding Year; and that, until the Carriage Road through the said Town from the North

to the South shall be all repaired and completed, no other Part of the said Town shall be taken up to be

new paved by virtue of this Act.

XX. And it i9 hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Proprietor or Proprietors of Proprietmof ih*

W ater-works in the said Town, his, her. or their Lessee or Lessees, Tenants, or Agents, or any other Wateruork,»

Person or Persons, shall break up any of the new Pavements, or cause the fame to be taken up, for the™ k°r ^ al°

laying or amending of any Water-pipe therein, or for the making or repairing any Drain or Sewer underpamnenuthe^

the fame, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, without first giving Notice in Writing to the Cleik em-ulte u#.

ployed by the said Trustees of nis or her Intention so to do ; and when and as often as any Part of the said

new Pavements shall have been taken up for any ’of the Purposes aforesaid, such Pavements shall be new

laid and made good by the said Trustees, at the foie Costs ana Charges of such Proprietor or Proprietors of

Water-works, his, her, or their Farmers, Tenants, or Agents, or of the Person or Persons ordering or

directing such Pavements to be taken up, or taking up the iame respectively (not exceeding Six-pence for

every superficial Yard) such Costs and Charges to be ascertained by the said Trustees, or any Five or

more of them, who are hereby authorised to order and cause the fame to be demanded and paid to such.

Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same and on Re-

fufal or Neglect of Payment, within the Space of Fourteen Days next after the fame shall have been de-

manded, such Charges and Expences, together with the further Sum of Two-pence a Yard* as a Penalty

for every such Refusal or Neglect, shall and may be levied by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels

of every Person so neglecting or refusing, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Justice of the

Peace for the Parrs of Lindjey in the County of Lincoln, in Manner before directed for levying the Expences

of laying the said new intended Pavements.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That untiPtheStreets, Lanes, Alleys,^ fwwr>*

and Passages aforesaid, (nail have been respectively new paved, the fame shall continue to be swept, and (he Street*.,

the Soil, Dirt, Dust, and Filth therein mail be gathered and heaped up by die several Persons from

Time toTime chargeable or charged by the said Trustees.by virtue of this Act with the sweeping, ga-

thering, or heaping thereof respectively, on such Days of the Week, not exceeding Twice in any one

Week, and at such Time and Times of the Day, and under such reasonable Penalties for the not doing,

thereof, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time order and direct, not

exceeding One Shilling for every such Offence; and that all and every such Penalties shall and may be re-

covered,levied, paid, and applied, in Manner herein after directed ; and when, and as soon as the new

Pavements in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages shall have been pitched and completed,:

the Side-pavements or Foot-roads’in all and every such Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages, in which

there shall be a Middle Pavement or Carriage Road, shall in like Manner continue to be clean swept into-

the Middle Pavement or Carriage Road ; and the Soil, Dirt, Dust, and Filth in such of the said Streets,

Lanes, Alievs, and Passages in which, there shall be no Middle Pavement or Carriage Road, shall continue

to be clean (wept, gathered, and heaped up, by the several Persons fiom Time to Time chargeable or

charged by the rrufeeesby virtue of this Act with the sweeping, gathering, or heaping thereof rrspective-

ly, on such Days of the Week, not exceeding Twice in any One Week, and at fuen Time and Time*,

of the Day, and under such reasonable Penalties for the not doing thereof, as the said Trustees, or any

Five or more of. them, shall from Time to Time order and direct, not exceeding One Shilling for any

One Offence j all which Penalties the said Trustees are hereby authorised to impose from Time to Time,

and the fame shall and may be recovered, levied, paid, and applied m Manner herein after mentioned : and '

the Soil, Dirt, Dust, and Filth, in the Middle Pavement or Carriage Roads, shall from thenceforth be

swept, cleansed, heaped and taken away by the Scavenger or Scavengers herein after authorised to be ap-

pointed, on the Days and Times, and in Manner herein after mentioned.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,. That itUhall and may be lawful torfor cirjnfngan<i,

and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they shall have sufficient Authority from Time drying awayuhe

to Time to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think fit, to be publick Scavenger-®^

or Scavengers for sweeping the Middle Pavements or Carriage Roads, and for cleansing.and carrying away

the Dirt, Soil, Dust, ana Filth from off all Parts of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages in the said

Town, or foefi particular Part or Parts thereof as the said Trustees shall think nt. at such Times and in

such Manner as herein after mentioned y and to contract with the Scavenger or Scavengers for the fame,

and for providing such a Number of Servants, Men, Carts, and Carriages, as shall be deemed requisite

and necessary for those Purposes $. and to pay and iuue such. yearly, or other Salary or Recompence to

such Scavenger or Scavengers, as they shall deem iuft and reasonable j and to order and direct on what

Day or Days of the Week, and by what Hours of. the Day the particular Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and.

Passages shall be so swept and cleansed, and the Soil. Dirt* Dust, and Filth carried off and from the same

respectively j and to make such Rules. Orders, and Directions to be observed and kept by such Scavenger

or Scavengers, and all other Persons chargeable with the sweeping of any Part or Parts thereof, and with

and under such reasonable Penalties and I* orfeitores as they shall think fit, not exceeding Five Shillings,

for any Oat Offence j, all which. Penalties and.Forfeitures the faidTrustees are hereby authorised to im-

X pose^

