66

C. 27.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

A.D. i765r

foment then in ^ament frail be fren *n being, which shall have met and fat, such Parliament shall continue for three

being is to con- Years, from the Time of such Descent, unless such Successor, to whom the Crown shall defeend as afore-

tinuc fot three said, shall sooner attain his or her Age of eighteen Years; or such Parliament shall be sooner dissolved by

u^efs the said Regent for the time being, with the Consent of a major Part of the Council of Regency, then

fhlw befconJr *n being, and *n Great Britain, in case there shall then be an unequal Number in Great Britain, and if the

ot^gej criuch Number then in Great Britain shall be an equal Number, then with the Consent of one half Part of the

Parliament be id Council; and in case at the Time of such Descent, there shall be no Parliament then in being, which

diifolved by the shall have met and fat, then the taft preceding Parliament shall immediately convene and fit at IPeJinunfiery

Regent wrh and a Parliament to continue for three Years as aforesaid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the lame

Council -° but'ifhzd never been dissolved; unless such Successor shall sooner attain his or her Age of eighteen Years, or such

Acre shall be no Parliament shall be sooner difiblvcd by the said Regency for the time being, with such Consent as 1 aft

Parliament then mentioned,

in being, which

shall have met and fat, the preceding Parliament is to convene, and fit for three Years j except as before excepted.

Succrflbr to the XXI.. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Royal Highness George Augustus

Minor*is nof to ^re^ertc^ Prince of JValcs, in case the Crown shall defeend or come to him before his Age of eighteen or

be married^u-0 any other of the Children of his Majesty, to whom the fame shall defeend before his or her Age of

ring such Mino- eighteen Years; shall not, during such Regency, be married to any Person whatsoever, without the Con-,

rity, without sent of the said Regent for the time being, and of a major Part of the said Council of Regency then in

Cunfent of the being, and in Great Britain* in case there shall then bean unequal Number in Great Britain* and if the

Council ^on Number then in Great Britain shall be an equal Number, then without the Consent of one half Part of the

Pain of the said Council; and every Marriage so had without such Consent, (lull be null and void to all Intents and

Marriage being Purposes; and every Person who shall be acting, aiding, abetting, or concerned in obtaining, procuring,

void, and the or bringing about, any such Marriage, and the Person who shall be so married to such King or Queen,

Personsconcern. un()er the Age of eighteen Years, shall be guilty of High Treason, and suffer and forfeit as in Cales of

ed therein in » 'T' r ° 9 °

curring the Pe- H*gh TfCafoil.

nalty of High T re a fun.

In Cafes of an XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where the Members of

Wc-s to°the fre Council of Regency shall be equally divided in their Voices, the said Regent for the time being shall

Council,nthcC may decide and determine the Question or Matter concerning which they shall be so equally divided.

Regent is to de- if such Regent shall be pleased to give his or her own Opinion thereupon,

cide.

Where tht Con- XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where the Consent of a

sent of a Majo- major or one half Part of the said Council of Regency then in being, and in Great Britain, is by this Act

Part of the mac^e necessary to the Validity of any A&, Matter, or Thing, such Consent (h^I be signed by the respec-

Council, is made tlvc Members giving such Consent in the Council Books; and that a Clerk or Clerks of the Council of

necessary to the Regency shall be appointed by the said Regent for the time being; and such Clerk or Clerks shall pro-

Validity of any vide Books for entering the Atfts of such Council, and shall enter the fame duly and faithfully, and shall

Act, the Mem- keep the said Books, and shall be answerable for the fame; and such Clerk or Clerks, before he or they

.*” ?°* *"* enter upon the Execution of their said Office, shall take an Oath before such Council, for the due Exe-

i” f.|n the ftrne cution of such Office or Place respeiHvely.

in the Council Books. Clerk of the Council to be appointed by the Regent; and take an Oath of Office.

All Commtf- XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Commissions, Letters Patent,

f>TafidtC’or° Orders, Matters, and Things, to be made, passed, had, or done, by the said Regent for the time being*

change^the Or- elfrer with or without the Consent of the said Council of Regency, in order unlawfully to set aside*

ders of’Govern- change, or vary the Order and Method of Government, and Administration of Government settled by this

mc»t fe tied by Act, during the Time that such Successor or Successors respectively shall be under the Age of eighteen

*.*i Years, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and every Person advising, concur-

thl Su'crtSor0* rin£’ Promoting* or assisting therein, shall incur the Pains and Penalties of Premunirey inflated by the

arc declared void; Statute of Premunire.

and the Fctfons concerned therein incur the Penalties of Premunire,

CAP.

Gjooooie

