A. D..1768. Anno odavo Georgii III. C. 32. 495

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on Payment of the said Yearly Annuity of Five1* Jec.ciPl of

hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, by the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Duties of Excite for the"£ntccdr

Time being, the Receipt of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the War-city and ‘tytrcm

deni and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, or of such Person as they shall Company, to t*

appoint to receive the same, shall be a Discharge to such Receiver General for the Sum of Money expressed 4 Dircharec 10

in such Receipt, and the fame shall be allowed such Receiver General on passing his Accounts ; and in cafeGeneralot^the

the said Annuity, or any Part thereof, shall be behind and unpaid by the Space of Twenty-one Days nextD^a0f Exc*ft

over or after any of the said Feasts, or Days on which the fame shall become due and payable, after having for such Pay-

been lawfully demanded at the Office aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor and Com- merits,

monalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mer-liiyx^xPayment!

1erf of the City of London, to bring an Action at Law, in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at fVejtmin- A£i<m

y.Vr, against the Receiver-general of His Majesty’s Duties of Excise for the Time being, to recover the may be brought

Money due ; in which Action no Essoign, Wager of Law, or Protection, shall be allowed ; and in case against such Ke-

the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in such Action, he or they shall be intitled to full Costs. ceiver-general;

IV. 4 And whereas pursuant to the last Will and Testament of Sir Thomas Grcjham of the City of Lon- ^°re$.

4 dan Knight deceased, Four Persons have, from T ime to Time, been chosen, nominated, and appointed, covcrja6.

‘ by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to read Lectures of Divinity,

4 Agronomy, Musick, and Geometry, within the said College ; and also Eight Persons have been, from

4 Time to Time, appointed by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of London, to inhabit Eight

4 Almfhouses (landing within, or adjoining to, and Part of, the said College ; and also Three Persons

4 have, from Time to Time, been chosen, nominated, and appointed, by the Wardens and Commonalty

4 of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London to read Lectures in Law, Physick, and Rhetorick,

4 within the said College ; and such Seven Persons so chosen, nominated, and appointed, to read such

4 Lectures have, by the Directions of the said Will, had Apartments within the said College for the

4 Purpose of rcliding there and reading such Lectures : And whereas the said several Seven persons so

‘chofen, nominated, and apAimed, to read the said Lectures, and the said Eight Alms-folks, the better

4 to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Com-

monalty of the Mystery of ^Alercers of the City of London, to perform their Part of the Agreement 50/. per Annum

‘entered into as aforesaid, have respectively agreed and consented to relinquish and quit their Apartments clear of all Taxes

4 2nd Almfhouses be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor and Commonalty and to.bc Pa,d by th«

Citizens of the City of London do and shall pay, or cause to be paid, unto the P'our Persons who now^1^t|^‘cr,rc“

read the said Lectures in Divinity, Astronomy, Musick, and Geometry, and to their Successors who shall, ^Consider^ion

from T ime to Time, be chosen, nominated, and appointed, to read the said Lectures, and to each and of the Apart-

every of them, the yearly Sum of Fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, free and clear of all ®ent* rciin-

Parliamentary and other Taxes, Payments, Charges, and Deduct ions whatsoever, by even and equal Quar- £cm

t.rly Payments, in lieu and instead of their respective Apartments so by them agreed to be relinqunhed * lEe

and given up, and over and above the Salaries and Stipends found, provided and allowed, to them for to%e paid Quar-

reading the fame Lc&ures ; and in like Manner that the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery ofteriy * and 50/.

Miners of the City of London do and shall pay, or cause to be paid, unto the Three Persons who now read P*1* Annum by

the said Lectures in Law, Physick, and Rhetorick, and to their Successors who shall, from Time to Time,

be chosen, nominated, and appointed, to read the said Lectures, and to each and every ‘of them, the yearly th°eir Leilurcr*,

Sam of f ifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain^ free and clear of all Parliamentary and other in lieu of their*

Taxes, Payments, Charges, and Deductions whatsoever, by even and equal Quarterly Payments, in lieu Apartments,

and instead of their respeeftive Apartments so by them agreed to be relinquished and given up, and over the first Quar-

and above the Salaries and Stipends found, provided, and allowed, to them for reading the fame Lectures ; tcr,y Payments

the hrft Quarterly Payments of the said yearly Sums respectively to be made on the Fcaft Day of the

f Nativity of our Blessed Lord, in the said Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight. 25 17

V . And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. T hat in Consideration of the great Age and An additional

t Infirmities of Henry PembertonDo&orof Physick, the present Reader of Physick in the said College, and^uI^u°r^5l°,‘b^cr

of his long Residence therein, the said Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City p3^th°e

f of Lon ion shall, over and above the said yearly Sum of Fifty Pounds by this Act provided for the Reader con Company to

, in Physick for the Time being, by like Quarterly Payments, pay, or cause to be paid, unto the said Henry Dottori\mber-

; Pemberton, the further additional yearly Sum of Fifty Pounds for and during the Term of his natural Life,'™ durin8 hl5f

? ha and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever. 1 e*

I VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor and Commonalty and Citi-The City and

I zrns of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City Meron Compa-

1 «of London) do and shall, from 'Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, find and provide sufficient and n>*to provide

proper Place or Places for the present Seven Professors, and all succeeding Persons to be chosen, nominat-

j cd, and appointed, for the reading the Lectures in Divinity, Astronomy, Musick, Geometry, Law, Phy- Leauresj8

j fck, and Rhetorick, to read the lame in accordingly ; and also like sufficient and proper Place and Places ?nd for

for the Habitation of the Eight Alms-folks now or hereafter for the T ime being. b.ration or the

- Alms-folks of the College.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Mayor and Commonalty and Citi- The c,ty

zens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City

Linden, do and shall, -within the Space of One Month from the passing of this Act, pay, or cause to

to the Receiver*

be general of tfre

