Penalties may be

sued for as by the

tccitrd Act is di

rafted 5 and be

recovered with

full Costs ;

provided the Pro-

fecuton be com

xnenced within 6

322 C. 39, Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767;

fich Copiesex- IV. Provided nevertheless, That the Proprietor or Proprietors of such of the Copies of the said William

c.*pted as were Hogarth's Works, which have been copied and printed, and exposed to Sale, after the Expiration of the

fed *nsaCie af crm of fourteen Years from the Time of their first Publication by the said William Hogarth, and before

ter the'Term of ^a,t* ^aY J^nuctr}\ ft* alt not he liable or subject to any of the Penalties contained in this Act i

14 Years, for any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

which the said Works were first licensed, &c.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Penalties and Penalty

inflicted by the said Act, and extended, and meant to be extended, to the several Cafes comprised in this

Ad, shall and may be sued for and recovered in like Manner, and under the like Restrictions and Limi-

tation?, as in and by the said Act is declared and appointed; and the Plaintiff or common Informer, in

every such Action (in case such Plaintiff or common Informer shall recover any of the Penalties incurred

by this or the said former Ad) shall recover the fame, together with his Full Costs of Suit.

Vi. Provided also, That the Party prosecuting shall commence his Prosecution within the Space of fix

Calendar Months after the Offence committed.

Month* after the Fast.

The Right in- VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the foie Right and Liberty of printing

tended to be fe- and reprinting intended to be secured and protected by the said former Ad and this Act, shall be extended,

cored by this and continued, and be vested in the respective Proprietors, for the Space of twenty-eight Years, to commence

▼efted^the from Day of the first publishing of any of the Works respectively herein before and in the said former

Proprietors for Ad mentioned.

She Term of 18 Years from the first Publication.

Limitation of VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall beeora-

Actions. menced or brought against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for doing, or causing to be done, iny Thing

in pursuance of this Act, the fame shall be brought within the Space of six Calendar Months after the

Fad committed; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit shall or may plead the

Gtacral IflUe. General Ifl’ue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence; and if, upon such Action or Suit, a Verdict shall

be given for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, or difeon-

tinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, then the Defendant or Defendants shall have and recover Full

Full tofts. Costs j for the Recovery whereof he shall have the fame Remedy as any other Defendant or Defendants*

in any other Cafe, hath or have by Law.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Parish Poor Children, of the several Parishes therein

mentioned, within the Bills of Mortality.

FrewnWc.

C \X/HEREAS wou^ greatly tend to the Preservation of the Lives of the Infant Parish Poor of th0

several Parishes hereafter mentioned, and be of public Utility, if the Officers of such Parishc*

were compelled by Law to fend such Infant Poor into the Country, to be nursed, for a certain Time;

o V an<* ProPer Persons appointed Guardians in each Parish, to insped into the Management and Usage of

2 y&if 3 eje* such Infants: And whereas the keeping Registers of such Infant Poor, until they shall respectively arrive

' ' 4 at the Age of fourteen Years, be placed out Apprentice, or other wise disposed of, would be a further

4 Means of preserving the Lives of such Infants May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be

enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

ChTTdr«n born thority of the fame, That all and every Child and Children who, on or before the first Day cf July, one

in,orirerived thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, was.or were born in, or received into, any Workhouse or

hi!p!nfh- Par‘lh-house; or which shall thereafter be born in any Workhouse or Parish-house, or received by any

within Select Vestries, Governors, Directors, or Managers, appointed for the Management of Parochial Affairs,

the icUr.l Pa- or by any Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, or other Officer or Officers authorized by the several

fiO>M here men-Parishes following, or any of them, respectively; that is to say, The seventeen Parishes without the

lionet, are to be Walls of London; the twenty-three Parishes of Middlesex and Surrey, bein^ within the Bills of Mortality,

ta!c/n laTe of as nn^ Liberty of the Tower of London; and the ten Parishes within the City and Liberty of Westminskr;

follow?, viz.’ lh-ill be nursed and taken care of in Manner as hereafter mentioned.

Such *.f them as II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Children, under the Age of

areundrr6 Years flx Years, who, upon the said first Day of July, shall be under the Care of Vestries, Governors, Di-

rct^')rs* or Managers of the Poor, or Parish Officers, shall, within fourteen Days after the said Time, be

tr^noUc(Tnun ^cnt 'nto the Country, to a Distance not less than three Miles from any Part of the Cities of London and

3 Miles eff; I’Vjlminster; there to be nursed and maintained at the Charge of their respective Parishes.

those under a ill. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Children who shall, from and

Year*, not such- aft:r the said first Day of July, be born in, or shall be received into, Workhouses or Parish-houses belong-

ed by the Mo- ing to the said Parishes, not being suckled by the Mother, under the Age of two Years, shall, within

tlTn Tourteen Days after their Birth or Reception, be sent into the Country, to a Distance not less than five

«nA\hok above’ Mi!cs from any Part of the said Cities of London or IVcjhninJlcr; and all Children received into such

^ and under 6 Workhouses cr Parish-houses above the Age of two Years, and under the Age of six Years* shall, within

fourteen

