Anno sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1766,

272 C. 52.

Duties on Me- XII. And it is heieby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Rates and Duties

tobe #Ik Syrwp* charged by this Act upon Melaflts and Syrups, Coffee and Pimento, imported into any British American

Sterling Money. Colony or Plantation, {hall be deemed and taken to be Sterling Money of Great Britain, and be received

it rs. 6d per to Amount the Value which such nominal Sums bear in Great Britain ; and that such Monies may

O* in silver. he received and taken according to the Proportion and Value of five Shillings and six Pence the Ounce in

Method of levy- Silver: And that the said Rates and Duties shall be raised, levied, amd collected, paid, and recovered, in

ing and recover- the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and For-

feitures, as any other Duties now payable to his Majesty upon Goods imported into the said Colonies or

Plantations, are or may be raised, levied, col levied, paid, and recovered, by any A& or Act of Parlia-

ment now in Force, as fully and effe£hially, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers,

Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereto, were particulaily repeated and again enacted in

the Body of this present A&: And that all the Monies that shall arise by the said Duties (except the nccef-

paid into the p™ Charges of raising, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and accounting for, the fame)

referredfor the he Pa^ *nt(? the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and shall be entered separate and apart from all

other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and shall be there reserved, to be from

time to time diposed of by Parliament, towards defraying the neccflaiy Expences of defending, protecting,

and securing the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

XIII And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising by the

several Rates and Duties by this A& imposed upon Wrought Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs mixed with Silk or

be wid into the Herba, of the Manufacture of Persia, China*, or East India, and upon Callicoes printed, dyed, painted.

Exchequer, or famed there; except the necefflary Charges of raising, collecting, recovering, paying, and accounting

for, the fame; shall, from time to time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, distinCMf

rfnl carried Into *nd apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenue; and shall be carried to, and made Part of,

the Sinking the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, towards making good the Annuities payable in respe# of

Fund, toward* certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, charged upon the said Fund by an Act made in the lad

A,na"!- Session of Parliament.

tie* in rrlpect of

Navy Bills, Sec.

Condition of XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day

Bond* upon Ex- of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, upon the Entry of any Cambricks or French Lawns

portation1 of for Exportation to any Place beyond the Seas, except to some British Colony or Plantation in America, the

F«wch Uwn°i[ ®onc* which is now by Law required to be given for the due Exportation of such Goods (bail be, with

to Places beyond further Condition not to reland the fame in any Part of the British Dominions in America.

Seas, other than the British Plantations.

ing the said

Duties.

Duties to be

paid into the

future Dispofi-

tk>n of Parlia-

ment.

Duties on East

India Good to

No Duty to be

paid for British

Coffee or Pi

snento, imported

after 1 Nov.

1766, in'o any

British Ameii-

can Colony,

provided the

/am* be ware-

housed,

and ihipved for

Exportation

within twelve

Months;

nor for any so-

reign Sugars,

^Coffee or Indico;

provided the

fame be ware-

housed, and

shipped for Ex*

portation within

ja Months, un-

der the Condi-

tions and Regu-

lations here cx-

p relied.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Duty

whatsoever shall be paid for any British Coffee or Pimento, which from and after the said first Day of

November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, shall be imported or brought into any British Colony

or Plantation in America; provided the fame shall, upon landing thereof, be immediately dcprdiud in

Warehouses provided at the foie Expence of the Importer or Proprietor of such Coffee and Pimento, with

the Privity and Approbation, and under the Care and InspeAion, of the Collector and Comptroller, or other

principal Officer of the Customs, at the Port or Place where such Goods shall be imported, and shall be

feenred under the separate Locks of such Officers, and the Proprietor; and shall, wirhin the Space of

twelve Calendar Months from the landing and warehousing the fame, be shipped directly from thence for

Exportation, either to Great Britain, or to some other British Colony or Plantation in America, under the

like Securities and Restrictions as are now required by Law for the fame.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day

of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, no Duty whatsoever shall be paid for any foreign

Sugars, nor for any foreign Cofke or Indico, which from and after the said first Day of November, one

thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, shall he imported or brought into any British Colony or Plantation on

the Continent of America; provided such Goods shall, upon landing thereof, be immediately depofired and

secured in such Warehouses, and in the Manner herein before mentioned; and shall, within the Space of

twelve Calendar Months from the landing and warehousing the fame, be shipped from thence for Exporta-

tion, as herein after is expressed ; that is to say. Upon Condition that such Sugars shall he exported either

direAly to Great Britain, or to some other Part of Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, under the

like Securities, Regulations, and Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as British Sugars may be so

carried and exported from any British Colony or Plantation in America, by virtue of any Law now in

Force ; and provided also, that such foreign Indico shall be exported to Great Britain only under the like

Securities, Regulations, and Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are particularly mentioned and

expressed in any Act of Parliament now in Force, with respect to Indico of the Growth or Produce of any

British Colony or Plantation; and provided that, before such foreign Coffee shall betaken out of such

Warehouse for Exportation, the Exporter shall become bound with sufficient Security in the Penalties of

five Pounds for every Hundred Weight of, such Coffee, that the fame, and every Part thereof, shall be

really and truly exported, according to the Entry, and not brought back again or relanded in any Part of

the British Dominions in America; which Bond the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officers

of the Customs at the Port from whence such foreign Coffee shall be intended to be exported, are hereby

authorised and required to take, in the Name, and to the Use, of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors;

3 and

