732

j*im recover the

.Expence.

C. 25.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A. D.

Commissionen

way dre& Te-

nant* to affix

Gutters, Ac.

down the Sides

•/ their Houses.

I77°*

erect, or build any Sign, Sign-post, or other Pott, Sign-iron, Shew-board, Spout, Gutter, Shed, But-

chers Gallowfc«, Pen, Sand-pen, Dung-pen, Pump, Shamble, Block, Chopping-Block, Cellar-window,

Tree, or Pott, or other Encroachment, Nuisance, or Annoyance whatsoever, or cause the fame to be

done, contrary to the Directions aforesaid ; every Person so ofiending shall, for every such Offence, for-

Penalty ©n fuW fcjt amj pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and the further Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day such

queut ence. Offence fyia]] continue 5 and the Matter Workman employed to ere£t, build, do, or perform the fame,

shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds ; and it {hall and may be lawful for the fiid Commissioners,

or any Seven or more of them, to order the fame to be taken down, removed, altered, or regulated in

such Manner as they, or any Seven or more of them, {hall think proper; and the Perfi>n or Persons so

Penalty on Maf. ordered to take down, remove, alter, or regulate the fame, {hall have hereby full Pow er and Authority

ter Workman. to down, remove, alter, or regulate the fame accordingly, without any Notice or Warning to be gi-

ven to the Owner, *Tenant, or Occupier to take down, remove, alter, or regulate the fame; and

PerfommipJoyH where any Bulks, Pent-houses, and Erections {hall appear to have been made, erected, and set up before

remove Signs, the Front or Fronts of any or either of the {aid Houses or Buildings, within Six Months next before the

Ac, mderanmed. patting of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more

of them, to cause the fame to be removed, taken down, and regulated in the same Manner as is hereby pro-

vided and enaited concerning all or any or either of the Nuifaiices, Annoyances, Obftiuitions, and En-

croachments herein before fp.cifically named

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if no Spout or Gutter {hall be affixed to any

House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building for conveying the Waters from the Roofs, Eaves. Cornices,

and Pent-houses of the said House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, and so into the common Chan-

nels or Drains, by proper and suficient Pipes or Trunks to be fixed to the Side of such House, W are-

house. Shop, or other Building 5 it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or arty

Seven or more of them, to cause Fourteen Days Notice to be given to the Tenants or Occupiers •ffuch

House, Shop, Warehouse, or Building, by Writing under the Hand of any One or more of the Officer

or Officers to be appointed by the said Commissioners; and such Notice {hall be left at, or fixed upon the

most conspicuous Part of, such House or Building, to affix a good and sufficient Spout, Pip?, Trunk, or

Gutter, or good and sufficient Spouts, Pipes, Trunks, or Gutters to such House, Shop, Warehouse, or

other Buildings, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think

proper, for conveying the Water from such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, down by the

#nNegltACom- Side of the said House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, and so into the common Channel or Drains;

missionersmaydo and in case such Spout, Pipe, Trunk, or Gutter, Spouts, Pipes, Trunks, or Gutters shall not be affixed,

or the Drips from such Houses, Shops, Warehouses, and other Buildings shall not be flopped and pre-

vented within Fourteen Days next after the leaving or fixing such Notice, it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to cause a Spout, Pipe, Trunk, or Gut-

ter, Spouts, Pipes, Trunks, or Gutters, to be affixed to such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Build-

ing, and the said Drips to be altered, flopped, and regulated ; and the Expences attending the lame shall

be borne and defrayed by the Owner or Owners of such House, Shop, Warehouse or Building, and

shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Tenant and Occupier

of such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Perfjn or

Persons whose Goods and Chattels {hall be so distrainedand fold ; or it shall and may be lawful for such Te-

nant or Occupier to fix up such Spouts, Pipes, Trunks, or Gutters, and to dedudl and retain the Charges

and Expences thereof, and also the Money which shall or may be levied upon the Goods and Chattels

of any such Tenant or Occupier aforesaid, out of his or her Rent; and every Owner, Proprietor*or Land-

lord is required to allow the fame accordingly.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever {hall set, place, or expose

posing'Good* to to Sale, or cause, permit, or suffer to be set, placed, or exposed to Sale, any Goods, Chattels, Wares, or

sne on Flaps, Merchandizes whatsoever on any Flap, Window-shutter, or other Thing whatsoever, moveable or fixed,

projecting into any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, or other publick Passages, be-

yond the present Bulk ; every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum

of Twenty Shillings.

XLVI. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons whomsoever, except in Cafes of ab-

folutc Necessity, shall hoop, cleanse, wafti, or feald any Calk, or hew or saw* or cause 10 be hewed or

fav/ed, any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bind, make, or repair any Wheel, or shoe or bleed, clean or

dress, or turn or drive loose any Horse, or wet, flack, or mix any Lime, or wet, mix, or make any Mor-

tar, or throw or scale at any Cock or Fowl, in the Manner called Cock Scalings or set up any Cock or

Fowl to be thrown or fcaied at, or shall make or affitt in the making any Fire or Fires, commonly cal-

aiaking Bonfire!, }ej Bonfires, or {hall set Fire to, or let off, or throw any Squib, Serpent, Rocket, or Fireworks whac-

Ac* soever, in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, Gateways, or other publick Passages,

or shall set, place, or expose to Sale, or cause, permit, or fufter to be set, placed, or exposed to Sale,

any Goods, Chattels, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, on the Foot or Carriage Way of any of the

*obfH'jfUng the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, or other publick Passages, or any Part or Parts thereof; or

by cxpofin* hang up or expose any ds. Wares, or Merchandizes, or Matter or Thing, so as to obstruct or incom-

Goous to file, rnode the Paiiage of the Foot-way or Carriage-way of any of the said Sreets, Squares, Lanes, Courts,

Ways, Gate-ways, or other publick Passages; every Person so offending in either of the said Cafes, shall,

for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

XLV II. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing in this A<5 contained {hall extend,

or be deemed, construed, adjudged, or taken to extend, to prevent the holding the Fairs and Markets in

the said Town in such and the fame Places, and in the same Manner, as the said Fairs and Markets by

Law are now intituled to be held ; nor to charge any Person or Persons with any Penalty or Penalties in

VJiU(JWL<C

the U me,

\

and recover the

f IjpCQCC.

penalty on ex-

Ac.

Penalty on

hooping Caiks.

Ac.

throwing

Cocks,

at

Fair* and Mar-

ket:. to be hr Id

u heretofore*

