130

C. 4-8,

Ampo quinto Georgii III.

A.D. 1765.

1 the

or

Dominions * wiio mail lerze anu iccure me lame ; anu 110 lucn ouk. chock mgs, ouk. iviihs, 01 oun- vjh uvea, shall

* be confurncd or used in this Kingdom, but shall be exported again to some Pore or Place not being any

Part of his Majesty's Dominions, and shall not be fold otherwise than on Condition to be exported as

aforesaid ; and fuen Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, shall not be delivered out of the Ware-

for which Srcu- house or Place wherein the lame shall have been secured, until sufficient Security be firib given to the King’s

nty is to be Majesty, his Heirs and Succcflers, which the Commilhoners of his Majesty’s Customs, are hereby im-

povvered and required to take, that the fame and every Part thereof, shall be exported as aforesaid, and not

given.

to be ("ifchirgfd landed again in any Part of his Majesty’s Dominions; which Securities shall be discharged without Fee or

up m Certificate Reward, upon Certificate returned under the Common Seal of the Chief Magifttate in any Place or Places

Job tHcr-of^or beyond the Seas, and out of his Majesty’s Dominions, or under the Hands and Seals of two known English

Hoof mide of Merchants upon such Place, that the Goods were there landed ; or upon Proof by credible Persons, that

thr-ir being taken such Goods were taken by Enemies, or perdhed in the Seas ; the Examination and Proof thereof being left

by the Emmy, to the Judgement of the said Commissioners ; which Commissioners are hereby impowered, from time to

or that ^xy ce- tjme to cail upon the Person or Persons who have entered into such Security, to produce such Certificate

limed at Sea. t> _r r / • 1 1

or 1 roof as aforesaid.

Where there IV. And, for the better discovering and detecting any Offender or Offenders against this Act; be it

flu 1 be Grounds enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That upon an Information in Writing, made upon Oath before any

for Sufpicior, two or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the respective County or Place (which Information

be°n ^c Iignc^ by the Party or Parties making the same) that there is good Ground and Reason to suspedthat

nfad” and sub- ^LIC^ Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Giovcs as aforesaid, have been imported into this Kingdom, and

fuibed before * are concealed by, or are in the Polfdlion or Custody of, any Retailer or Seller of any Kind of Silk Stoclc-

Justice, of any ings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, contrary to the true Intent of this Act; it shall and may be lawful for

such Goods be- such Justices respectively, to issue their Warrant or Warrants to any Constable or Constables, or other

inp irr.poned and peace Officer or Officers, within the said County or Place, impowering him or them to search in the Day-

R-ttiler^heis^to time Ploufe or Houses, Outhouse or Outhouics, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Rooms, and other Places,

iiVuc his Warrant belonging to, or hiieJ, employed, or made use of by, such Retailer or Seller who shall be lospecded to con-

fur f-.archin,: f r ceal or have in his, her, or their Poileflion or Custody any Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, not

and leizing tac being made or manufactured within Great Britain ; and if any such Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves,

not being made or manufactured within Great Britain, shall be found, to seize and carry away the fame, for

the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, and to dispose thereof as is herein before directed.

V. And be it further tnadkd by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced

fame.

General Ifiue.

against any Persons or Persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants

in such Action or Suit may plead the General Ifiue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence,

Treble Costs.

Def<-r.Junt al-

JVt u;e of

such floods,

Proof to lie on

the Defendant.

S.iiwi,

is cbf: b?rr

fio.r. U V

tits,

A-

at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by the Authority of this Act; and if it (h ill

appear to have been so done, then the Jury shall find lor the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff

shall be nonsuited, or difeentinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared ; or if

Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defend-

ants shall recover 'Preble Colts, and have the like Remedy for the fame as Defendants have in other

Cafes by Law.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every such Action, it shall and may be lawful

Jo*rd torr/Mo- f)r tge Defendant or Defendants, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall be depending, at any

nc-y miu court. 'j*lire before Ifiue joined, to pay into Ccuit such Sum of Money as he or they fh ill fee ht, as Amends for

the Mutter or cause complained of in such Action; whereupon such Proceedings Ciders, and Judgements,

(Ml! and may be had, made, and given, in and by such .Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant

is allowed to pay Money into Court.

If any Doubt n- VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts,

tlfe with r«ffj.e£t or Silk Gloves, shall be seized by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, and any Doubt or Question ihftl

to the Pl.ce of afterwards arise where the fame were manufactured, the Proof shall lie upon the Person or Personh in

whole Custody or Poileflion the fame wrere found, and not upon the Prosecutor or Prolocutors, Pluimii: or

Plaintiffs; and in case no Proof shall be given that such Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Glove?, were

manufactured within Great Britain, then the fame shall, without any further Proceeding, be taken anl

heid to have been manufactured out of Great Britain, and contrary to, and in Violation of, this Act; ai.y

Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Person in whose VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whose Custody or

Cuddy bich^ Poll e hi on any such Silk Stockings, Silk xVIitts, or Silk Gloves, shall be seized, by virtue and in ptufuanee

Gc os fad be Q[ t|r;s such Per Ion or Persons not importing or concealing the fame, ihali uncover, upon Oath, heave

tciind, rut im. any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, the Person or Persons who fold such Silk Stockings, Side

Emr Mitts, or Silk Giovcs, to such Person or Persons, in whole Custody or Pofil iiion the fame fit nil be seized,

fijirg the * so as that 'such Person or Persons, so felling the fame, shall or may be prosecuted aiul convicted accord-

ing to the Intent of this Act, as the Seller thereof, in case the lame (halt b , or be taken and held to

be, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, manufactured out of Great Britain; such Person or Persons

so discoverir.g as afurdaid, shall be, and is and are hereby freed and discharged of and from a * 1 and tvery

the Pen fities and Forfeitures by this Act inlbded upon all and every Ferfun and Persons being a Veneer

or Venders, Retailer or Retailers, having in his, her, or their Custody or PoiE-flion any such Sfik Stockings

Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, not made or manufactured in Great Britain \ and oi and from any Proof tact

the lame, ib seized as aforesaid, were manufactured in Great Britain.

3 IX. And

