Kates may be

sued ter in the

Name of the

Trea:urcr,

No Contraft for

paving, Stc.

to be void by

tbia A&*

7*$ C. 23. Anno decimo Georgii III. A. D. 1770*

CXI. 4 And whereas it may happen that many Persons liable to, and who may be charged, rated, and

4 assessed, towards defraying the Expence of paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the said Squares

1 Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewfes, Alleys, raflages, and Places, may, before the Payment of the

4 Sums which may be rated on them respectively, quit and leave their Lands, Grounds, Dwell ing-houses,

* Shops, Warehouses, Coach houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

4 in the Square, Street, or Place where the fame shall be rated and assessed, and remove to some other

4 Square, Street, or Place, which is not within the Limits aforesaid, and thereby endeavour to

mole red'7 to fc* 4 avo^ the Payment of the said Rates and Aficflinents be it therefore enacted, That when any Person

/ or Persons who hath or have been so rated and assessed, shall quit his, her, or their Land, Ground, House,

Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, in any

Square, Street, or Place, wherein such Rate or Assessment has been made, before he, (he, or they shall

have paid the fame, and shall afterwards refuse to pay the fame when due and demanded by the Collector

or Collectors authorised and appointed to receive the same; that then, and in every such Cafe, it shall

and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, or any One of them, by Warrant obtain-

ed under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more Justices of the reace for the County of Middlesex, or

for the said City and Liberty of JVe/iminster, a:s the Cafe shall happen (which Warrant the said Justices

are hereby authorised and required to grant in any Place within the County of Middlesex aforesaid, and

City and Liberty of Westminster; or within any other County, City, and Liberty, such Warrant being

first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate of the County, or City or Liberty where the Distress

is to be made, which Warrant such Magistrate is hereby required to back or countersign without Fee or

Reward) to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, and to

sell the same, rendering the Overplus (if any be) after having deduced the reasonable Charges and Ex-

pences of such Dillrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively, upon

Demand thereof made.

CXJI. Provided always, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, may, if they

shall think proper, sue in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers, for all or any of the Rate

or Rates, Afleirment or AlTeftments, which shall be made by virtue of this Act, and all Arrears due there-

on and unpaid ; in which Ad ion no Efloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Impar-

lance, shall be allowed.

CXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall be

deemed or taken to make void any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, between Landlord and Tenant,

touching or concerning the paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, any or any Part of the said Squares,

Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewfes, Alleys, Passages, or Places within the Limits aforesaid ; but that

every Person who is now, by virtue of any such Contract or Agreement, obliged to pave, keep*in Re-

pair, and cleanse, any or any Part of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewfes, Alleys,

rafl’ages, or Places, (nail, in lieu thereof, be obliged to pay the Rates hereby directed to be made and af-

felTcd, or so much thereof as such Commissioners as aforesaid, or any Seven or more of them, shall deem

just, and according to the true Meaning of such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, for and during

the Time that such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, shall remain in Force; and in case any Dispute

shall arise concerning such Covenant, Contract, or Agreement, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or

more cf them, shall have Power to hear and finally determine the fame.

Persons paying CXIV. And be it enacted, That all and every Person or Persons paying the Rates and'Assessments by

Rates, e«mp:edfhjs ^d laid ancj a{jcff€d^ shall be, and they and every of them is ana are hereby exempted and discharged

rom paTing, c, from (be Expence of paving, cleansing, lighting, or keeping in Repair the said Squares, Streets, or Places,

or any of them, and also trom all Penalties which may or might be incurred by reason of their neglect-

ing to pave, cleanse, light, or keep the fame in Repair,

but not to fs- CXV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That nothing in this Act

•me Ai rears due. Coritained shall prevent the collecting any Arrears due from any Person or Persons within the Limits

aforesaid, for any of the Purposes of this Act.

Oiford^oadnot ^XVL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing In this Act contained shall

•»emp*ed°frnmtextenc^» or be construed to extend, to exempt any rerfon or Persons who inhabit, hold, use, occupy.

Highway AifeiT- polfefs, or enjoy, any Land, House, Tenement, or Hereditament, or any Stable or other Building, m

scats. that Part of Oxford Street or Road which lies in the Parish of Saint Annel within the Liberty of IVflmin-

fler, from the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money rated and assessed or which shall or may, at

any Time or Times hereafter, be rated and assessed upon them, for and towards the Repairs of common

Highways, causeways, Streets, and Pavements, to be repaired at the publick Charge of the Inhabi-

tants of the said Parish of Saint Anne, by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Seventh Year of the

Rrign of His present Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Ad of Par-

liament, the several Statutes now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways

4 of this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.’

Collectors*to CXVII. And be it further enacted by vthe Authority aforesaid,. That the Collector or Collectors of the

pay Money, at Rates and Assess'ments aforesaid, shall pay the Money, as he or they (ha 1 receive the same, to the Trea-

me«ved, to theft^cr or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Commissioners ; and upon Payment of every such Sum

k 1utr. ^oncy to such Treasurer or Treasurers, such Collector or Collectors shall take a Receipt for the fame

of the said Treasurer or Treasurers,. which shall be given without Fee or Reward, and therein the Name

or Names of such Collector or Collectors shall be exprefl’cd, and the Sum or Sums of Money paid shall

be specified ; and if such Collector or Collectors shall, at any Time, keep and retain in his or their

Hands more than the Sum of One hundred Pounds, for any Time longer than the Space of Two Days,

provided the Treasurer or Treasurers to such Commillioriers shall, within that Time, be reaJy to receive

Z. the

Penalty on

keeping abort

1001. longer:

fttua 1 Day*.

