A.D. 1768.

Anno octavo Georgii III, C. 26, 27. 489

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to enable His Majesty to m*ke Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and

Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall> or annexed to the fame, and for other Pur-

poses therein mentioned.

* TWHEREAS his Royal Highness Geofgt Prince of Wales novt Hands seised of the Duchy of Cornwall, Preamlk?.

1 VV and the Possessions thereof : And whereas it is necessary to enable his Majesty to grant Offices

• and to make Leases and Grants, by Copy of Court Roll, of Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the

4 said Duchy, or thereunto annexed or belonging, during the Minority of His Royal Highness be it LaSes and

therefore enacted by the Kind’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of theGra“ian0* Gf-

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority ficcs, Lands auS

of the fame. That all Leases and Grants made, or to be made, by Letters Patent or Indentures, under the Seal Hereditament*

of Great-Britain^ or Seal of the Court of Exchequer, or by Copy of Court Roll according to the Custom *o the

the respective Manors, within Seven Years next ensuing, of any Offices, Messuages, Parks, Lands, Tene- refJfljVe m*.

ments, or Hereditaments (other than Honors, Lordships, or Manors) Parcel of the Possessions of the said nors, within 7

Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, shall be good and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and Year* next cn-

Contents of the fame Copies, Leases and Grants, against our Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs, and fujn^fb*'n?

Successors, his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales^ and against all and every other Person or Persons, of Co

who shall, at any Time hereafter, have, inherit, or enjoy, the said Duchy, by Force of any Act of Parlia- arc dedared’to be

ment, or by other Limitation whatsoever. good and valid.

II. Provided always. That every such Lease or Grant so made or to be made, be not for more than One, ReAriflions are

Two or Three Lives, or for One and Thirty Years, or under, or for some Term of Years determinable limited.

upon One, Two or Three Lives* and not above ; and if such Leases or Grants be made in Reversion or

Expcftancy, that then the fame, together with the Estatey in Pofllflion, do not exceed Three Lives or the Condition* with

Term of One and Thirty Years, or some Term of Years determinable upon One, Two, or Three Lives, the

and be not in any wise made difpunishable of'Waste ; and so as, upon every such Lease or Grart, there be, oiQramj*C8

Hull be, reserved the ancient or most usual Rent or more, or such Rent as hath been reserved, yielded or

paid, for the fame Lands or Hereditaments, for the greater Part of Twenty Years, next before the making

the said Leases or Grants; and where no such Rent bath been reserved or payable, that then, upon every such

Lease, there be, or shall be, reserved a reasonable Rent, not being under the Twentieth Part of the clear

Yearly Value of the Messuages, Parks*-Lands, Tithes, Tenements, or Hereditaments contained in such

Lease or Grant, and all Leases and Grants otheru ife made, or to be made, shall be null and void.

III. And be it further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Covenants, Conditions, All Covenant

Reservations, and other Agreements, contained in every Lease, Grant, or Copy of Court Roll, made or Condition?, ai.d

to be made as aforesaid, shall be good and effectual, in Law, according to the Words and Contents of

lame, as well for and against them to\yhomthe Rcveifions of the fame Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-Xely such Lmu

ments, shall come, as for and against them to whom the Interest of the said Leases, Grants, or Copies shall or Grant, ev.

come respectively, as of our Sovereign Lord the King’s Majesty, at the Time of making such Covenants,dclared as

Conditions, and Reservations, and other Agreements, were foiled of an absolute Estate in Fcc-simple in the“j^ Jspr^

fameLands, Tenements, or Hereditaments. ^ feHed of1the*Fce-

IV. Saving always to all and every Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs andiimpia.

Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, other than to our said Sovereign Lord the King, and his Conrr^ Refer

Heirs and Successors, and the Duke and Dukes of Cornwall for the Trme being, and his and their Heirs vauaToi kVuu*

and all and every other Person and Persons that shall hereafter have, inherit, or enjoy, the said Dukedom

of Cornwall^ by Force of any Act of Parliament, or other Limitation whatsoever ; all such Rights, Titles,

Iilatcs, Customs, Interests, 1 enures, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, of what Nature, Kind, or Quality

soever, of, in, to, or out of, the said Offices, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any of them as

they, or any of them, had or ought to have had before the making of this Act, to all Intents and Pur-

poses, and in as large and ample Manner and Form as if this Act had never been had or made $ this Act, or

any Thing he ein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for the further continuing several A<5ls of Parliament made for the Encouragement of

the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects.

WHEREAS diver9 Acts of Parliament have hern made for the H

Subjects to carry on and improve the VV halt* Fishery, which, by

* Acts, did greatly increase to the Advantage of the T rade and Navigut

Vojl. X. Rrr

Encouragement of His Majesty’s preamble*

the Bounties given by the said

Navigation of these Kingdom ’ Be it

therefore

k^ooooLe

