/

A. D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. C. 23. 701

Twelve, who shall he the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid ; and for Default of a sufficient Number of Jury-

men, the said Sheriff or High Bailiff, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall return so many of theStand-

ers-by as fhaLl be necessary to make up the Number of Twelve to ferveon such Jury.

XXXVI. Provided always, That in Cafe the said Sum or Sums so assessed by the said Jury, and ordered Unless Sausf&ai-

and adjudged by the said Commissioners to be paid, as a Satisfaction to the Owners, Occupiers, or others, ™ be made

for their respective Interests in the said Premises, shall not be paid, tendered, or left as herein mentioned, ^i,h " a

according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, within One Calendar Month after the fame shallnotbimU

have been so assessed, ordered, and adjudged ; then, and in such Cafe, the Verdict of the said Jury, and

Order and Adjudication of the said Commissioners, shall not be binding upon the said Parties ; any Thing

herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. Provided always, and beitenadkd by the Authority aforesaid,' That all Persons concerned jnrors may bt

shall from Time to Time have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come challenged,

to befworn ; and the said Com mi dinners acting in the Premises shall have Power, from Time to Time, to

1 impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or High Bailiff, his or their Deputy or Deputies,

' Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises; and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and pCnal»yon ’

returned on such Jury and shall not appear, or shall refuse to be sworn on such Jury, or to give their Ver- rift's,&c. making

j dict, or in any Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning Dct“ult*

j of this Act ; and on any of the persons who, being required to give Evidence touching the Premises, shall

refuse.to be examined or give Evidence; and from Time to Time to levy such Fine or Fines in such Man- Finc rotto*ex.

ner as any Penalties in this Act are directed to be levied and recovered ; so that no Fine shall exceed the Sum cccd lo j.

of Ten Pounds upon any One Person for any One Offence.

* XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Au hority aforesaid, that in case such Person or Persons to TncafenfDif-

whom such Sums of Money shall be so a fid Ted or due as aforesaid cannot be found ; or if by reason of Dif- PIUCS> &c*

pules depending in any Couit of Law or Equity, or for Default of Evidence, or otherv/ife, it shall not ap-

pear to the said Commissioners what Person or Persons is or are inti tied to the fame ; or if any Mortgagee or to be

Mortgagees shall refuse to take in his, her, or their Mortgage-money due upon the Premises, after Notice q*° 1 ‘e

given to him, her, or them for that Purpo e ; then, and in all and every such C fe or Cafes, it shall and

may be lawful to and, for the said Commissioners to order the Sum or Sums so addled and awarded as afore- 4

said, or as shall be due on any such Mortgage, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name or Names

of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners for the Time being, for the Use of

the Parties interested in the said Premises ; to be paid to them and every of them, according to their

ref^cdlive Estates and Inteiefis in the said,Premises, as the said Commissioners shall, by any Order to be by

them made, direct.

XXXIX. And be it further enadicd, That the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall A Parr^e m be

have full Power and Authority to make a PalVage or Opening betwixt the Weft End of JVlgmore Street and <r ™ wi£‘

Portman Street, not exceeding Sixty Feet in YVidth : and for that Purpose to contract and° agree with the l°ve

Lessee or LeiTees of the Ground lying betwixt JVlgmore Street and Pertman Square, for his, her, or their *or n3“n W<1 '

Right and Interest in such Ground so wanted for the Purpose aforesaid, and to pay for the fame out of the

Monies to arile by virtue of this Act; and if the LeiTce or LeiTees in.crested in the said Ground, upon Ten

Days Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the House or Houses, Place or Places of

Abode of such Person or Pbrfons shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree for the Sale of his, her,

or their Interest in such Ground, so waiued for the Purpose aforesaid ; then, and in that Cafe, the Price to

paid for the fame shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in the same Manner as other Purchafcs arc in

I and by this Act directed to be settled and ascertained.

I XL. And be it further enadicd by the Authority aforesaid. That- all Sum and Sums of Money, or other Conr.cleratto'i-

Consideration, Recompence, or Satisfaction to be paid, made, or given pursuant to any Agreement, Awards monies a.c. pv.-

Judgement, Sentence, Decree, or Determination, as shall be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be and -WeovtufK-*-*.

are hereby charged and chargeable upon all or any Part of such Money or Monies as shall be received by

\irtue of the said Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Commissioners as aforesaid, or Name? of Stress

any Five or more of them, shall and may cause to be painted, engraved, or described in Stone or AVood, to be affixed

or otherwise, and to be affixed in a conspicuous Part of One or more House or Houses, Building or Build- Hou,ei

ings, at or near each End, Corner, or Entrance of each of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts,

Yards, Mewfes, Alleys, Passages, and Places, the Name by which each respective Square, Street, Lane,

Court, Yard, Alley, Mewfe, PaUage, and Place is properly or usually called or known * and may alT>»

cause every House, Shop, or Warehouse in each of the said Stre ets and Places to be marked and numbered,

in such Manner as they shall judge most proper for diflinguishing the fame ; and, if any Person or Persons

shall wilfully destroy, pulldown, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Names/Descriptions, Marks, or P>r-it vom’o

Numbers, or any Parts or Part thereof, or cause or procure the fame to be done, every Person so offending

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Eony Shillings* nor Ids than v

Ten Shillings.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Annoy.-n^.--

Tirne or Times hereafter drive or place, or cause to be driven or placed in any of the Carriage-ways within »n thtCi-*

the Limits aforesaid, any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, or on any Part or Paris thereof. rijsff SV iN » K/vv

so as to occasion any Annoyance whatsoever, and shall not immediately remove the fame when required so ry u lcnu-u*°"

to do by any Person or Persons whatsoever ; or if any Person or Persons shall set or place any such Carriage

for the Purpose of loading or unloading thereof, or for any other Purposes, upon any Foot-eroding in any

Square, Street, Way, Lane, Passage, or Place within the Limits aforesaid ; e^ery Person so offending

shall, for every or either of the said Offences, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings ; and One of such

Commissioners, or any Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, may fuze or cause to be fei/cd

2

