C* 37-

Anno quinto Georgii III.

A.D. 1765,

From and after

24 June, 17651

the additional

Duties following

t > take place j

via.

On every Cwt. of

Gum Senega and

Gum Arabic

imported, 6d,

and for every

Cwt. thereof

exported from

Great Britain,

2 1. IOS.

Duties to be paid

down without

DKcoint; and

without Draw-

back i

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega and Gum Arabic imported into or exported

from Great Britain, and for confining the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great

Britain only.

Preamble* \\7 Y°ur Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament

4 W assembled, towards railing, in such Manner as may be least burthensome to your Majesty's Sub-

4 jeefts, the necessary Supplies for defraying the Publick Expences, have resolved to give and grant unto

4 your Majesty the several Rates and Duties herein after-mentioned and do most humbly beseech your

Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one

thousand (even hundred and (ixty-five, there shall be raised, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs

and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following; that is to say.

For every hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Gum Senega or Gum Arabic, which shall be imported into

Great Britain, the Sum of six Pence, over and above all other Duties imposed by any former Act of

Parliament.

And for every hundred Weight Avoirdupois of Gum Senega or Gum Arabic, which shall be exported

fromGrcat Britain to any Parts beyond the Seas, the Sum of one Pound ten Shillings, over and above all

other Duties imposed thereon by any former A61 of Parliament i and after those Rates for any greater or

less Quantity of such Goods.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties hereby charged upon

Gum Senega or Gum Arabic, imoorted into Great Britain, shall be paid down in ready Money without any

Discount or Allowance; and (nail not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the Exportation of the

fame Goods; and shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, in the same Manner and Form, and by such

Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are prescribed or appointed for

raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the Duty of Customs upon any Goods imported into this King-

dom, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force; and that the aforesaid Duty hereby charged uponf

Gum Senega or Gum Arabic exported from Great Britain, shall be paid dtfwn without any Allowance or

Deduction whatsoever, and shall be raised, levied, collected, and recovered, in the same Manner, and by

such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Allowances for Goods

loft at Sea* as the Subsidy of Poundage for any Goods and Merchandizes exported from Great Britain may.

be raised, levied, collected, and recovered, by any Act of Parliament now in Force, as fully 16 all In-

tents and Purposes as if the several Clauses, rowers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures respectively

lelating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Money arising by the several Rat^s

and Duties herein before granted (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, recovering, and*

paying, the fame) shall, from time to time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, di-

ftinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue; and after satisfying the Charges laid

thereupon by an Act of this Session of Parliament, shall be there reserved, to be from time to time disposed

of determined by Parliament.

4 IV. And whereas it may be for the Benefit and Encouragement of the Manufactures of this King-

4 dom, to confine the Exportation of Gum Senega from Africa to Great Britain only ;’ be it therefore en-

acted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven

hundred and sixty-five, no Gum Senega shall be exported from any Port or Place upon the Coast of Africa*.

unto any other Place unless to Great Britain only, under the like Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as-

are particularly mentioned in an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles

the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation; and also in an

Act of Parliament made in the twenty-second Year of his said Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled*

An Act to prevent the planting of Tobacco in England, and regulating the Plantation Trade, or either of them,

with rtfpcdl to the Goods in those Acts particularly enumerated; and all the Provisions, Powefs, and

Clauses, in the said recited Acts, or in any other Act of Parliament now in Force, for restraining the Im-

portation of any of the Goods therein enumerated to Great Britain, or some of his Majesty’s Plantations,

shall be applied, practised, and put in Execution, for restraining and securing the Importation of Gum

Senega into Great Britain, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully as if the several

Provisions, Powers, and Clauses, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this

present Act; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

and to be-paid

info the E*che-

fj.itr di Hindi

ft )*n all other

Branches of the

Publick Reve.

BUC.

Ijoort.ition of

Gi'to Senrya

fric. con-

f\,) H to Great

tr.Un* nlv,

truW-r i. if e Srcu-

T'*-.' s ar. j Pen.il*

rr(*5 as are Men-

tion \1 in A 51

xi U.m. 2. ar.J

/vet 21 C U, 2.

CAP.

