73

8

C.

25,

Anno decirno Geojrgii III.

A.D.

1770.

fVnV.5

tj;iv

1.JT*p , At. to

maitc SjUs/jC-

I ion.

ConumrflTioneri

Coih to be paid

•ut«t Rates.

-Rwulty on Offi-

ce* s ne^k&fng

tkcir Duty.

Rates way be

mlfigmd for Mo-

»icj borrowed.

Sarh Fund to be

a Security for

Money borrowed

thereon rtij.ee.

lively.

Realities and

forfeitures how

to be recovered.

Time for which he or she shall be committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid

and given ; and One Moiety of the said respective Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the

Informer or Informers, and rhe other Moiety shall be applied as the Rates or Assessments to be made by

virtue of this Act are directed to be applied : And if any Person shall negligently or accidentally break*

throw down, or otherwise damage any of the said Lamps, or any of the Potts, Irons, or other Furniture

thereof, and shall not upon Demand make Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or moie

of them, or to their Treasurer or Clerk, for the Damage by such Person cone as aforesaid, it shall be law*

ful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint thereof

made by any Seven or more of the (aid' Commissioners, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to summon the

Parry complained of; and upon his .or her appearing, or making Default to appear (Oath being made

that the Party complained of was served with such Summons, or that the fame was left at his or her

Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, if known, or that he or she could not be-found) such Justice shall

proceed to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and upon Proof thereof, either by the Confef-

(ion of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of One or more credible Wjjmefs or Witnesses, shall

award and otder such Satisfaction to oe made by the Party complained of, for the Damage so by him or

her done, as to such Justice shall appear just and reason^bfc; and shall cause the Sum so awarded (in case

the fame be not paid forthwith upon the making such Award or Order) to be levied by Distress and 9ale

of the Goods and Chattels of the Person complained of, rendering to him or her upon Demand, the

'Overplus (if any be) after the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint, and of such Distress and Sale,

shall be deducted.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Money expended by or recovered against any Com*

missioner or Commissioners in any Action or Prosecution hereby directed to be brought by them, or in

defending any Action or Prosecution brought a ainst them, or any other Person or Persons employed by

or under them, for any Mutter or Thing done in the Execution or Performance of h s or their Office or

Offices, Employment or Employments under this Act, or in pursuance of any Order or Orders of the

said Com mi Hi oners, or any Seven or more of then? (and which Money (lull not be recovered or received

again by such Commissioner or Commissioners, or other Person or Persons from any such Defendant or

Defendant, Plaintiff'or Plaintiffs J shall be borne and defrayed out of the Monies to be raj fed by virtue of

the Rates or Assessments herein before directed; to he made.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted. That if the Colleftojr of the Monies to be raifcJ by virtue of this

Act, or the Beadle to the hid Commissioners for the Time being, or any Constable, Headborough,

Tuhingman, or other Peace Officer, or the Clerk officiating in any of the Churches belonging to the

Parishes aforesaid for the Time being, or any or either of them, or any or either of the said Watchmen,

shall refuse, neglect, or omit to do, perform, or execute all or any of the Articles, Matters, or Things,

in and by this AfSdirected to be done, performed, or executed by them respectively, every such Per (on

or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings: Provided that no-

thing herein contained shall be construed to deprive the said Commissioners, or any of them, of any

Action or Actions, Suitor Suits, against every such Collector or Beadle, or their or either of their Secu-

rities, for the Nonperformance of any Covenant or Agreement entered into by the said Collector or Beadle,

or their Securities.

LXX V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at luterest any Sum or Sums

of Money for the Purposes ofpaving, cleansing, repairing* and widening the said Streets, Courts, Ways,

Lanes, and other publick Passages in the said Town, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five

thousand Pounds; and also to borrow and take up at Interest, any Sum.or Sums of Money for the Pur-

poses of lighting and watching the said Town, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three hundred

rounds and to assign over by Writing, without Stamps, signed by any Nine or more of the said Com-

missioners, all or any Part of the Rates and AfTeiTments directed to be made by virtue of this Act, as a

Security for the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of the Money to be borrowed 5 and such Secu-

rity may from T ime to Time be assigned and transferred by Indorsetnent or otherwise, without Stamps;

and such Assignment or Transfer (had intitle the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall be made,

for all Principal and Interest Money, due and tq grow due upon such Security or Securities.

LXXVI. Provided always, That the several and respective Funds, Rates, or Assessments, shall be an-

fwerable for thefecuring the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of which the

lame, or any Part thereof, shall be so borrowed ; so that the Rates and Assessments to be raised for

paving, cleansing, repairing, and widening the said Streets, Squares, Courts, Lanes, Ways, and other

publick Passages, shall be charged with and answerable only for the Repayment of Money borrowed for

the Purposes of paving, cleansing, repairing, and widening as aforesaid ; and the Rates and AffefUncms to

be raised and imposed for lighting and watching the said Town, shall be charged with, and answerable only

for the Repayment of Money borrowed for the Purposes of lighting and watching.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted. That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act incurred, the

Manner of recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed, shall be levied by Distress and Sale

of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of One

or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Town of Southampton, or for the County or Place where

such Offender or Offenders shall be or reside; which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and are

hereby, impowered and required to grant upnn the Information of One or more credible Witness or Wit-

nesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to

adrainifter;) and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (it any be)

when demanded, %o the Party oj Parties whose Goods and Chattles shall h0 so dattrained and fold (the

Charges

Dig ,zed by

