A.D. 1768, Anno octavo Georgii III. O. 27, 28, 29. 491

in the said last-mentioned Act limited for the Expiration thereof, unto the Twenty-fifth Day of Dc-\t further conti*

amber. One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the End of the then next Session nued 25 DfC*

of Parliament* ,77°*

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act of the Fourth Year ofTheAftff-Gce#

His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, 4 An Act for continuing several Acts of ParHament made fot them.c.22,

4 Encouragement of the VVhale Fishery carried on by His Majesty’s Subjects;’ which was to be in Force

from th- 1 wenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, until the Twenty- -

fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the '

then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the fame is hereby, further continued, from the Timem further c©ot»-

in the said last-mentioned Act limited for the Expiration thereof, unto the Twenty-fifth Day of Decern- nned ^25

ter. One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of17704

Parliament.

Cap. xxviii.

s \

Ati Act for licensing a Playhouse within the City of Norwich.

1 \T7 HEREAS in and by an Act of Parliament made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of HisPfCaml)I^

* VV late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend so much of an Act of the Twelfth ingCbuieii

Year of the Reign of

Queen Anne, for punishing Rogues, Vagabonds, sturdy

Players of Interludes, it is provided. That no Person o

recit-

in Act

Beggars, and Vagrants, 10 Geo 11. c.aB*

4 rifed, by virtue of any Letters Patent from His Majesty, His Heirs, Successors, or Predccessors, or by

4 the Licence of the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold for the Time being, to act, repre-*

4 sent, or perform, fot Hire, Gain, or Reward, any Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce,

c or other Entertainment of the Stage, or any Part or Parts therein, in any Part of Great Britain4

4 except in the City of Westminster, and within the Liberties thereof, and in such Places where His Ma-

4 jesty, His Heirs, or Successors, shall in their Royal Persons reside, and during such Residence only:

4. And whereas it may be proper to impower the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold for the

4 Time being, to grant his Licence to persons to represent and perform Plays and other Entertainments

4 of the Stage within the City of Norwich: May it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty, that

4 it may be’enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

mnd Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal; and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chamberlain of His Lord Chamter-

Majesty’s Houshold for the Time being, and he is hereby authorised and impowered to grant his Licence lain impowered

or Licences, from Time to Time, to any Person or Persons to represent or perform for Hire, Gain, orto *Tant Li~

Reward, within the said City of Norwich,* my such Tragedies, Plays, Operas, or other Performances forSn^Ucafio^

of the Stage only, or any Part or Parts therein, as have already been or shall hereafter be licensed by the naiiy such pu>»

Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Houshold, at such Times and Seasons only as shall be expressed in such within the City

Licence; the said recited Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, or any thing therein

contained to the contrary, in any wise notwithstanding. bra^ifeenfed

by the Chatnbcc-

CAP. XXIX. . ,

An Act for redeeming the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities established by an Act

made in the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An for Anting

to His Majesty several additional Duties upofi Wines imported into this kingdom, and certain

Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions five hundred thousand

Poundsj by way of Annuities and Lotteriesy to be charged on the said Duties.

Most Gracious Sovereign,.

WHEREAS in purftiance of an Act made in the Third Year of Your Majesty’s Reign, inti-Preamble, rwit-

tuled. An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon IVines imported into this 'ne Act 3 Gw.

Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of Three millions five hun-c*l2#

dred thoufnd Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; the Sum of

Three millions five hundred thousand Pounds was raised for the Publick Service; which Sum was to be

deemed One Capital and Joint Stock, and to be attended with Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds

per Centum redeemable by Parliament: And whereas One Fourth Part of the said Capital and Joint

Stock was redeemed on the Fifth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, in

pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, whereby the said Stock was reduced to the

Sum of Two millions fix'hundred and twenty-five thouinnd Pounds: And whereas Your Majesty’s

most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, have rUolved,'

that One Third Part of the said Capital Stock which should remain after the said Fifth Day of January,

R r r 2 4 One

