A.D. 1770.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

C. 25. 729

Officers and other Persons to be appointed and employed by virtue thereof, and all incidental Charges and

Expences attending the Execution of this Act, and of the Powers herein granted, shall be a Charge on, and

be raised and paid out of the several Houses, Wharfs, Storehouses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said several Parishes and Wards of Saint Michael, Spirit John,

Holy Rhood, Saint Lawrence. AI Saints within the Bar% and All Saints without the Bar in the said Town or

Liberties of Southampton (Gardens used by Gardeners in thrir Trade, and Arable, Meadow, and Pasture

Lands only excepted); and also shall be charged on and be raised and paid out of the several Houses,

Wharfs, Storehouses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments situate on the

said Quays within the Town aforesaid and Liberties of the fame : And, for defraying such Charges and Ex-

pences, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, Once in every

Year after the passing of this Act, and oftener, if they, or any Seven or more of them, shall think nccef-

fary, the First Year to be computed from such One of the Feasts of the Annunciation of the Bleiled Virgin

Alary ^ the Nativity of Saint John the Bapti/l, Saint Michael the Archangel^ and Saint Thomas the Apostle, as r

shall first happen next after the passing of this ACI, and every succeeding Year from the said Feast Day on all b

happening as aforesaid, to make One or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, upon the several wum,

Houses, Wharfs, Storehouses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in

the said several Parishes, Wards, and Places within the said Town or Liberties as aforesaid (except as before

excepted); and also upon the several Houses, Wharfs, Storehouses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate on the said Quays within the said Town or Liberties of the fame,

according to the yearly Value thereof respeitively, to be settled jnd ascertained by the said Commissioners, thVf°j,mcr

or any Nine or more of them 5 and the Monies lo rated and assessed shall be colleifed, raised, and levied £alc*

(ages for the First Time,

XXVII. Provided always. That the said Rates or Assesshrnts shall not, in any One Year, exceed in the Hut nottoercced

Whole the SumofTwohundred Pounds; and so as that no new Rate or Assessment shall at any Time be made 2'°

until the Sum or Sums raised by the former Rate shall be expended; and in case the Money collected in any D^'fTPfrro be

One Year shall not be sufficient to answer the Purposes for which the fame was rated or assessed, such Defi- fis^carrieA

ciency shall be supplied out of the next Year’s Rate 5 and in case there shall not remain, at the End of any th£ next*

One Year, any Surplus collected by virtue of this A Ct in that Year, such Surplus shall be applied in Aid of Rate,

the succeeding Year’s Rates or Assessments.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall exrend to Limitation ofAf-

irapower the said Commissioners, or any ef them, to rate and affcfs any House pr other Building beyond or fciTh.ent north-

northward of the said Stables of Charles Gore and Richard Collins Esquires ; any Thing herein contained to waid*

the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Messuage, Tenement, or o her Building newly Building! not to

erefled, and no new Buildings whatsoever which shall at any Time hereafter be eroded or built in any of be rifeduii uc-

the said Parishes or Places liable to be rated or assessed by virtue of this ACI, shall be rated or assessed by cupied.

virtue hereof, until the fame shall respectively have been used or occupied ; and that where any House or

other Building in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Couits, Wa>s, or other publick Passages shall House«howt#

be rebuilt, the fame shall be built in such. Manner that the Fronts thereof shall not project further into any * rcbuUt.

of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, andother publick Passages than the old Foundation;

and so as that no Bulk or Bow-window on the Ground Floor be set up or erected before the Front of such

House or Building, without Consent in Writing of the Majority of the said Commissioners at a General

Meeting to be held for that Purpose, such Majority to consist of Fourteen Commissioners at the

least.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Bulk, Bulk-window, Bow-window on the Ground Floor, proj^ions mly

projecting Window-Ihutter, Porch, Rails, or Penthouses, shall be permitted in any Part of the said Streets, berepuhtH in 7

Courts, Lanes, Ways, or other publick railages, which shall not be Twenty-four Feet in Width ; and narrow Su«t«.

the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, are hereby impowered to take down any Bulk-win-

dow, Bow-window on the Ground Floor^ projecting Window-mutter, Porch, Rails, of Penthouses,

which shall be set up, eroded, or built, in the same Manner, and to set the fame Fines and Penal-

ties as are directed and provided, for removing and taking down any Spout or Sign projecting as

aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always, That if the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall at any Persont unjer-

Time or Times hereafter, in any Rates or Assessmciits by them to be made, by virtue or in pursuance of

this Act, neglect or omit to rate or assess any Person or Persons liable to such Rate or Assessments, or nr, ers nu* “,fc

shall under-rate or assess any Person or Persons liable to such Rates or Assessments, and therein rated oral- 1 c,n*

felled ; then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any

Fourteen or more of them, to rate and assess such Person or Persons, so omitted or under-rated, in such

Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Fourteen or more of them, shall seem.just ; and such Addition

or Alteration shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the fame had been Part of the

original Rates or Assessments; any Statute, Law, ufiige, or Custotn, to the contrary in any wise

notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Monies collected by virtue of ibis AO, shall M ,n.y K.n

be loft by Insolvency or otherwise, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may Iniotvino, U

make an additional Rate or Assessment for supplying and making good such Deficiencies, and Charges oc- ^ nwdeguod,

cafioned by or on account of the same ; which additional Rate or Assessment shall be recovered in the feme f

Vol. X. 5 A Manner

