763

A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. C. 40, 41.

them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to direct, order, limit, and appoint, the Distri-

bution and Payment of the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds per Annum, from the Commencement of

the said Act of the Seventh of His present Majesty, and annually afterwards, or of Eight Fifteenth

Parts of the Sum and Sums of Money which have already grown due and been kept apart, and shall

hereafter grow due and be kept apart, for the Encouragement of raising and dressing Hemp and

Flax in this Kingdom, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the Seventh of His present Ma- purfumt to the Direc-

jesty, and every Matter and Thing necessary for the Appropriation thereof, according to the true In- tion* of Ad;, Geo.iU.

tent and Meaning of the said herein before recited Act, in such Ways and Manner, and in and by

such Shares, Proportions, and Divisions, and under such Conditions, Restrictions, and Limitations,

as to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, shall from Time to Time as aforesaid, appear to be

tnoft useful and cfteftual for the Encouragement of the raising and dressing Hemp and Flax within

that Parc of Great Britain called England.

II. 1 And whereas, pursuant to Powers given by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His Ad 13 Geo. I. c. j®.

* Majesty King George the First, intituled, An At! for encouraging and promoting Fifoeries^ and other

1 Manufactures and Improvements, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,’ His Majesty has

already, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept in

Scotland in place of the Great Sea) thereof, appointed, named, and authorised certain Persons to

be Tiuftces and Commissioners for managing and directing the Application of the several Funds

and Sums of Money in the said Act provided and appropriated for the Improvement and Encou-

ragement of Fishery and Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And whereas

it wi 1 be of great Publick Benefit that so much of the said Fund set apart for the Encouragement

of the Raising and Dressing of Hemp and Flax, as shall be allotted for that Part of Great Britain

called Scotland, should like wife be put under the Management and Direction of the said Trustees

and Commissioners, and other Persons after mentioned : Be it therefore further enacted by the Au- _ r w

thority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of His Majest/s Treasury now being, and the High 0^“j#

Trcalurcr of Great Britain, and the Commissioners of the Treasury of His Majesty, His Heirs, and annually,&c.

Successors for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby impowered and required to issue their

Warrants and Orders to the proper Persons, for making Payment of Seven thousand Pounds per An-

tiumy from the Commencement of the said Act of the Seventh of His present Majesty, and annually

afterwards, or of Seven Fifteenth Parts of the Sum and Sums of Money which have already grown Purfutntt0 A£ 7 Gm.

due and been kept apart, and shall hereafter grow due and be kept apart in the Receipt of

Majesty’s Exchequer, for the Encouragement of raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in this King- jumVand cafoait" u

dom pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the Seventh of His present Majesty, as the fame Scotland, toward* en-

shall lcvernlly become due, unto the Receiver-general of the Crown Rents and Casualties in Scotland^ courting Fi/hnici, *c.

without Fee or Reward, to be by him answered and issued in like Manner, without Fee or Reward,

to and by the Order of the Commissioners and Trustees for encouraging and promoting Fifliings,

Manufactures, and Improvements, in that Part of Great'Britain called Scotland^ and other Persons

after named in Manner as herein after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the fame Plan or Method, Rules, Method* preferred by

and Regulations, whereby the Funds appropriated for the Improvement of Fisheries and Manufac- Aa *3 Geo*

tures by the said Act of the Thirteenth of George the First are ordered to be applied, laid out, and

distributed, shall take place and be followed in the Application* laying out, and Distribution of the

Sum and Sums of Money which shall be issued under the Authority of this present Act, to and tobf followed i« iheDi-

for the Encouragement of the raising Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, thi« a3^

under the Direction and Management of the said Trustees and Commissioners, in the same Manner,

and as effectually, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Matters, and

Things, in the said last-memioned Act, respecting the Plan, Rules, and Regulations aforesaid,

were repeated, and applied in this present Act to the Application, laying out, and Distribution of

the said Sum and Sums of Money allotted for the Encouragement of the Raising and Dressing of

Hemp and Flax in that Part oi Great Baitain called Scotland.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to make

out new Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Room of

such Members as shall die during the Rccefs of Parliament.

4 IT 7 HERE AS many Inconveniencies have happened, and many Disorders have been occa- Preamble.

4 VV fioned, for want of more speedy Elections of Members of the House of Commons, in the

4 Room of such who have died during the Recess of Parliament: For Remedy whereof,’ be it enact-

ed by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiri- ^s-jnon

tual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame, Thar, from and after the End of the present Session of Parliament, it shall and may be CVmrnori, during Rc-

lawful for the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, during the Recess of Parlia- cei>, m.y j«r>jc

ment for more than Twenty Days, whether by Prorogation or Adjournment, and he is hereby re- Warrants i<r nuki.-.* nut

quired to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown to make out new Writs for clefting Mem- Vnts lor nc" ca,<w,*‘

bers of the House of Commons, in the Room of such Members who shall happen to die during such

5 E 2 Rccefs

