A.D. 1770.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

25* 7^1

ailed, or otherwise shall pay die said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the

Prosecutor, than that such Person ailed as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted. That when and as often as any One of the said Commissioners herein On Df*th,fcc.

before specifically named, shall die, or remove out of the said Town or Liberties thereof, or shall neglect ofComir.iffioocri,

or refute to act for the Space of One Year, or {hall be elected or chosen Mayor, Alderman, or Common0^0 bc

Council-man, of the Corporation of the said Town of Southampton, it shall and may be lawful to and for oen*

the survivin'g Commissioners herein before specifically named, and their Sacceflors, or any Nine or more

of them, to meet in some public Place in the said Town or Liberty thereof, and to elect feme other Per-

son, qualified in the Manner herein before mentioned, in the Place or Stead of the Commissioner so dying,

removing, or neglecting or refusing to ad, or chosen Mayor, Alderman, or Common Council-man, of

the said Corporation ; Ten Days Notice of the Time and Place of such Meeting being given in Writing, Notice of Elrc-

signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, and affixed upon some publick Place tion to bc &lvcn*

within the said Town ; and every Person so elected a Commissioner, shall, from the Time of such Election,

have the fame Power and Authority, in all Things relating to the Execution of this Act, as if he had been

expressly named and appointed a Commissioner in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted. That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Commissioner*

Execution of this Act, during the Timehe shall hold any Office under the Commissioners, except the Office officers not

of Treasurer ; or during such Time as he shall enter into, be engaged in, or have the Benefit of any Con- eic,n*

trad, or any Share or filtered in any Contract whatsoever relating to the Execution of any of the Powers

of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and First Meeting of

may, and they are hereby authorised and required to meet at the Audit-house within the said Town, on Comnuifionci*,

the Monday Three Weeks next after the Day of the passing of this Act, and proceed to the Execution of

this Act ; and then, and from Time to Time afterwards, to adjourn themselves, and meet at the Audit-

house aforesaid, or at any other Place or Places within the said Town or Liberties, as often as the said

Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper for putting this Act in Execution ; pro- Two

vided that Two Commissioners shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only ; and in case Two nm°(u»ci«ntfa*

Commissioners shall not meet, then the Clerk to the Commissioners shall and may adjourn such Meeting; Adjournment.

Erovided that no Adjournment whatever shall be made for a longer Space of Time than Twenty-eight

)ays; And if it shall happen that there shall not appear at such First Meeting, hereby appointed to be In Default oft

held by the said Commissioners, a sufficient Number of Commissioners to adjourn to any other Day ; or Efficient Kumber

if at any future Meeting of the said Commissioners a sufficient Number of Commissioners shall not meet ^aT^urn

or appear to adjourn, and the Clerk *to the said Commissioners shall refuse, neglect, or omit to adjourn ; to»nothei Day*

or if a sufficient Number of Commissioners shall meet at such Meeting, or any future Meeting, and they

shall refuse, neglect, or omit to adjourn; cr if any Adjournment fha 11 be made fora longer Space of

Time than Twenty-eight Days, or any wrong Adjournment shall be made; then, and in every or either

of such Cafes, the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them, may, by publick Notice in Writ-

ing under their Hands to be affixed upon some publick Place within the said Town of the Time and Place

of such Meeting, and also by causing the Purport of such Notice to be given in the Parish Church of

Holy Rhood, in case Divine Service shall then be performed therein on the Sunday preceding such Meeting,

by the Clerk officiating in the said Church (who is hereby required to give such Notice, without Fee or

Reward) appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the Place where the then last Meeting was held, or

appointed to be held, or at any other Place in the said Town or Liberties, at any Time not less than

Three Days, or more than Six Days next after any such Notices shall be given as aforesaid ; and the

said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may meet accordingly at the Time and

Place mentioned in the said Notice, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, ana shall and may make

such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as to them, or the Majority of them present at any such Meeting,

(hill appear necessary for the tetter and more effectually carrying this Act into Execution ; and the Lid Commissioners t*

Commissioners shall, at all their Meetings, pay their own Charges and Expences : And in case the P*y thctI own

Clerk of the said Parish shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice, then the Notice under the Hands of txpcm.cs.

the said Commissioners, and affixed to some publick Place as aforesaid, shall be deemed a good and suffi-

cient Notice.

VI. And be it further enacted, That at every Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held by virtue of Bufin^s rf?u,at*

this Act, the Powers and Authorities hereby granted shall be carried into Execution by the major Part ofcd at eclm85#

the Commissioners present; and such One of the said Commissioners present, as the major Part of them carting Vote,

attending shall appoint, shall presidc, and be called Prefuienl; and in case of Equality of Voices (including

his own) such President shall, upon all Occasions, have another and decisive Vote.

VII. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any &>mmifiWrs

Meeting shall and may make, vary, alter, or make void, any such Orders, Rules, or Regulations, in such nuy or alter

Manner, as they, or the major Part oft-thmi, shall think needful and proper. any o.acu, &c.

VIII. Provided always. That no O/der, Rule, or Regulation, made by the Commissioners as aforesaid, No Order to be

{hall be revoked, varied, altered, or made void, unless the Commissioners present and concurring to rc- revoked, but in a

vokc, vary, alter, or make void the fame, shall exceed in Number the Commissioners who were present gr«a*r Nurt kcr

and concurred in making such Order, Rule, or Regulation; and no Ad or Order of the said Commis- L^uIrtrt.u

sioners shall be valid, unless doneor made at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act ; and the

laid Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall cause to be provided and kept Books, wherein un.cls made at a

the several Meetings, and the Names of the Commissioners attending such Meetings, and the Nomination pubnc*M«cur:t,

of all Officers and persons who shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, and all Rules, Orders,

4 % 2 * and

