The TITLES of the STATUTES.

’ carter Cross ; and also from Ferry Bridge to Weatherby ;

and from thence to Borough Bridge, in the County o)

York ; as to so much of the said Act as relates to the

said Roads from Doncaster, through Ferry Bridge, to the

South Side of Tadcaster Cross.

6y An Act for the Support and Preservation of the Parish

Church of Folkestone, and the lower Part of the Town

of Folkestone, in the County of Kent.

64. An Act for the better maintaining, regulating, and

employing, the Poor within the Parish of Saint Botolph,

Aldgate, in the City of London.

65. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act

! made in the twenty-fifth Year of King George the Se-

cond, for repairing the Roads from the North End of

Mailing Street^ near the Town of Lewes, and other

Roads in the County of Su£ex\ and for amending the

Road from the Broil Park Gate, to the Weft End of

, the Turnpike Road leading from the Turnpike Road on

Hurst Greeny through the Parishes of Etchingham and

Burwajh j and from the said Broil Park Gate to the

v Town of Battely in the said County.

66. An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames,

from Batterfeay in the County of Surry, to Chelsea> in

the County of Middlesex.

67. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Bawtry, in the County of York, to East Markham Com-

mon, in the County of Nottingham, and from Little

Drayton to Twiford Bridge, in the said County.

68. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

the Cross or Market Place in the Town of IVimborne

Minstery to the Cross or Market Place in the Town of

Blanford Forum, in the County of Dorset.

69. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the

County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road at or near

Langley Mill, in the said County.

70. An Act to remove and regulate the Publick Markets

in the City of Bath; for widening certain Streets,

Ways, and Passages, within the said City, and the Li-

, berties and Precincts thereof, and for opening certain

new Streets and Ways within the same ; for better

paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating,

the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, to re-

. move all Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and to

prevent the fame for the future ; and for better sup-

plying the Inhabitants of the said City, Liberties, and

Precinch, with Water.

7/. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted

by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his late

Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several

. Roads in the County of Bucks, so far as the fame relates

to the Road between the Town of Wendover and the

Town of Buckingham.

72. An Act for the Relief and Employment of the Poor,

and for repairing the Highways, paving, cleansing, light-

ing, and watching, the Streets and other Places in the

Town and Parish of Richmondy in the County of Surrey ;

and for removing and preventing Annoyances, Obllruc-

tions, and Incroachments therein ; and for (hutting up

a Road from the late Horse Ferry at Kew to Weft Sheene

Lanty near Richmond Green; and for amending and

keeping in Repair the Road from Kcw Bridge to Rich-

mond.

75. An Act for repairing the Road from the Burgh of

Lauder, in the Shire of Btrwicky to and through Kelftoy

in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the Marchburn.

74. An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the

third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for main-

taining, regulating, and employing, the Poor within

the Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the County of

Middlesex.

75. An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in

the last Session of Parliament, for rebuilding the Parish

Church of AlhaUows on the Wally in the City of London j

and for rebuilding the House belonging to the Rector

of the said Parish ; and for purchasing several Pieces

of Ground and Tenements thereon, to render the

Passages to and from the said Church and House more

commodious.

76. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of

the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and

Ground contiguous and near to the Bank ; and for

making certain Avenues leading thereto more commo-

dious.

77. An Act for repairing and widening the Stone Bridge

in the Town of Shrewsbury.

78. An Act for making and continuing navigable the;

River Storty in the Counties of Hertford and Essex.

79. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Ashbome to Sudbury; and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge ;

and from the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor to

Tutbury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford.

80. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from

Brimmington and Chejterfieldy in the County of Derby>

over the High Moorsy to the several Places therein men-

tioned.

81. An Act for further continuing the Duty of one Far-

thing />crChalder on Coals, granted by an Act of the

first Year of Queen Anney and revived and continued by

an Act of the eighth of King George the Second, for

improving and repairing the Piers and Harbour of

Whitbjy in the County of York, and for better regulating

the Shipping there.

82. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act

made in the twenty sixth Year of King George the

Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the

City of Glasgovjy so tar as the fame relates to the Di-

ftrifts of Roads from Incbbetly Bridge to Glasgow; and

from Glasgow to Redhurn Bridge; and for altering and

ascertaining the Course of the last mentioned District

of Road.

83. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so*

much of two Acts made in the twelfth Year of the

Reign of King George the First, and in the twelfth

Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for

repairing the Road from Spittlegate Hilly in the County*

of Lincolny to Little Draytony in the County of Notting~

hanty as relates to the Road from Spittlegate Hill to Fojiort

Bridgiy in the County of Lincoln.

84. An Act for repairing and widening the Road lead-

ing from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill to

Red Crofsy in the Parish of Shelfordy in the County of

Cambridge.

85. An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike at

Tunbriage Wclhy in the County of Kenty to Ringlet Crofsy

near Uckfuldy in the County of Sussex-

86. An Act for repairing and widening the Road- from

the present Turnpike Road in the parish of Hurfey>

in the County of Southampton through the Borough

of Andover, to the Town of Newbury, in the County ,

of Berks ; and from Newbury to Clinton Pond and New*

town River.

87. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

the Mansfield and ChcjUr field Turnpike Road, near the

Nine Mile Stone from Alansfiddy through.Temple Nor-

wanton y Tup ten Ntw JnJojuiey and Birkin Laney to

. Bunt inf*

