482 C. 21.

Anno octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1768.

Pcjcc.

in p wired to faulted, obstructed, or interrupted, in the Execution of any of their respective Offices, and for every

uk them M'ore Gf them, and all other Persons required by them to aftift in that Respect, to take such Offender before

fu^ice ot i»cany Justice of the Peace, who is hereby required to inquire into the fame in Manner as above directed,

Jcc* and, if he {hall fee Cause, to convict the Party or Parties complained of in the Penalty last mentioned,

..... . «to be levied and recovered as hereafter directed.

by virtue of this XCII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act shalt

aft}veftrdin thebe, and the fame are hereby, vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the {aid City,

Mayor and Com- and {hall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

moaalty and C-t z-n*.

fin a[h!S how XCIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of pro-

to he paid. °W curing and patting this Act shall be paid out of the First Monies which shall be raised determined by virtue thereof.

Wiitings to be XCIV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomina-

without Stamps, tion, Contraft, Bond, Warrant, Judgment, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal,

or Hands and Seals, or only signed by any Corrtmissioner or Commissioners constituted by this Act, or

any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before any of them, or under the Hand and Seal,

or Hands and Seals, or only signed by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, relating to the Execu-

tion of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Duty whatsoever.

Pennies and XCV, And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by

Forfeitures how this Act imposed (the Manner of recovering and levying whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly

10 * r^vcred directed) shall be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by

an app . Warrant*under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any One or more Justice or Justices of the

Peace of the City or Place where the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender found ; which War-

rant such Justice or Justices are hereby impowered and required to grant upon the Confession of the

Party or Parties, or upon Information of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath*

(which Oafh such Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered to administer;) and the Penal-

ties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the

Party or Parties whose Goods and Chatties shall be so distrained and fold -(the Charges of such Distress

and Sale being first deduited) {hall be paid to the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, and

be applied, the One Half to the Informer, and the other Half towards the Purposes of this Act; and ia

case sufficient Distress shall not be found, then it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or

Justices to Commit such Offender to any Prison of the City or Place within his or their Jurisdiction*

without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space of Time not exceeding Thirty Days; nor left than Tea

Days 7 and in Cafes where the Penalties and Forfeitures hereby inflicted for any Offence contrary to this

Act: shall not exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings, such Offences shall be heard and determined by the:

Commissioners in a summary Way. 4

XCVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of

%o be quafheJ forany Offender or Offenders against this A61, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done

wam of Form. Qr transaftecj^ jn or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or qualhed Tor want of

Form; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCVII. And it is hereby further enacted. That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any

Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act until Twenty-one clear Days Notice

shall be thereof given, in Writing, to the Clerk for the Time being of the Commissioners const ituted by

th is Act, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties ag-

grieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed for which such Action or Actions*

Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the City

or County where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and that the Defendant or Defen-

dants in such Actions or Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and

the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Mat-

ter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought was done in Pur-

fuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so

done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one clear Days Notice

given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action

or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall oe laid in any

other County or Place than as aforesaid; then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defen-

d.nts therein: And if the Plaintiff' or Plaintiff's in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become

nonsuited, or fuft'er a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, or if Judgment shall be given for the

Dcfendand or Defendants therein ; then, and in either of the Cafes aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants

shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or De-

fendants may have for his, her, or their Costs, in any* other Cafes by Law,.

XCVIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That immediately after the several Authori-

ties, Powers, and Provisions, herein before given or granted, established, declared, and provide], shall

commence and takeeft'eft rclpcftively, for the Purpose.; of paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the said City,

and ihe Liberties thereof, and the other Purposes of this Act, according to the Tenor and true Meaning

thereof, the said Act made in the Sixth Year of His prcfetit Majesty’s Reign, for the better paving,

cleansing, and enlightening, the Ci.y of London, and the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obstrue-

tions. and Annoyances within the same, and for other Purpjfes therein mentioned, except as aforesaid*

Hull be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void.

XCIX. Provided

Proceedings not

Limitation

Anions.

of

•enertl Issue*

Treble Costs,

P*ro-»J« Act 6

III. C. 26.

i^ooooie

