629 C. 3$, 39. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

the fame; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures as shall he incurred in His Majesty’s Plantations in Am*

rica shall be applied. One Third Part thereof to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, Ooe

Third Part to the Use of the Governor of the Plantation where the Forfeiture shall be incurred, and the

remaining Third Part to such Person or Persons as {hall sue for the same, 1

Limitst oar er XIII, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit/hall be com-

,0B* menced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this AS, every such Action or

Suit, if in Great Britain, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast commit-

ted; and if in the Brhish Colonies or Plantations in America, within Eighteen Calendar Months next after

the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit

Ceatial IflWc mav plead the General Ifiue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be

haa thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it

shall appear to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff

shall be Nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or

if Judgment {hall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against ({hc Plaintiff; the Defendant or Defen-

T»cbk Costs. dants {hall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy For the feme as any Defendant or

Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act so permit the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the

British Plantations in America* for a limited Time; and for taking off the Duties upon

Seal Skins tanned or tawed in this Kingdom, and for granting another Duty in lieu there-

of; for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or executing any of His Majes*

ty*s Orders of Council prohibiting the Importation of Raw Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, of

infefted Cattle; and to authorise the Prohibition of the Importation of such Hides, Horns,

and Hoofs, for the future.

tremble* « \R7 HEREAS the allowing, for a limited Time, the free Importation of certain Species of Raw

c VV Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Colonies or Plantations m America* and the Reduc-

4 tion of the Duties upon Seal Skins tanned or tawed in this Kingdom, may tend to the Eafc of the Pub-

4 lie, by reducing the Price, and encouraging the Manufacture of Leather in this Kingdom ;’ be it there-

fore enacted determined by the Kin/s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame. That from and after the first Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine. no

““^fSubfidy, Custom, Duty, or other Imposition whatsoever shall be demanded, collected, received, or taken,

Horkt excepted) for or upon any raw or undressed Hides of Steers, Cows, or any other Cattle of what Kind soever (ex-

ftiiowedto bcim- cept of Horses, Mares, or Geldings); nor for or upon any Calve Skins or Goat Skins, raw or uiwfcel&d,

ported Duty-free which shall be imported into this Kingdom from Ireland. or any of the British Colonies or Plantations

*n America^ for the Space of Five Years from the said first Day of June> or at any Time thereafter before

i^AmoksiEnd ?* t^lcn next Session of Parliament; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary not-

for the Term of withstanding.

€ Years$ II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Aitthorky aforesaid, That due Entry (haO

so at Entry be he made of all such Hides and Skins, at the Custom-house belonging to the Port into which the fame shall

tbTp at Tim! be imported, in such Manner and Form as were used and pra&tfed before the making of this Act; and

0 such Hides and Skins {hall be landed in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs aj*

pointed for that Purpose; and if any Person or Persons, upon the Importation of such Hides or Skins,

shall not observe and perform the said Rules and Regulations herein before mentioned, every such Person

{hall be liable to and pay such and the fame Duties as such Hidesand Skins would have been subject and

liable to if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that from and after the First Day of June%

One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, the Rates and Duties payable by virtue of apy former Act

The former Du- or Acts Q{ Parliament upon Seal Skins tanned or tawed within this Kingdom, shall cease, determine, and

S^“n^ or »>c no longer paid or payable.

tawed in this IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Lid First Day of

Kingdom are Juney in lieu of the said Duties by this Act repealed, as aforesaid, there shall be raffed* collected, levied,

> and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors. for and upon all Seal Skins which

be tanned or tawed within this Kingdom, a Rate or Duty of One Penny Halfpenny per Pound

lb. it to be paid; Weight, Averdupois, of such Seal Skins; and after that Rate For a greater or Ids Quantity.

V. And, for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, railing, levying, and securing, the said Rate

the said Duty t« or Duty by this Act imposed, and preventing Frauds therein, be it further enacted by the Authority afore-

bc under the Ee- said, That the Rate or Duty by this Act made payable upon Seal Skins tanned or tawed in Enrtand^

capt and ma- ff^alesy or the Town of Berwick uf$n Tweedy shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Com-

commiSione*?1* /nissioners and Officers of His Majesty's Revenues of Exctfc in England for the Time being; and the Rats

d Officer*’of ^ o*

Juuifc ;

portation,

and the fame be

landed in the

Presence of an

Officer

otherwise they

are liable to pay

Duty.

