232

Carriage of

Good* limit'd.

Exceptions*

Power to pre-

sent Annoy-

ances.

Form of Con-

viction,

C. 34. Anno fcxto-Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

anti publick Places respectively, into the Middle of the fame Street, although the fame maybe found to

exceed the Breadth of thirty feet at a Medium; any Thing in the said Act of the twenty-second Year of

his said late Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And, for the more effectually preserving the Pavements within the said City and Liberties,

be it further enacted by the Authority aforcfaiJ, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of Jtr;:

next, it shall not be lawful for any Waggon, or other four Wheel Carriage, belonging to any of the in-

habitants of the said City or Liberties thereof, and loaden with, or having therein or thereon, above the

Number of fourteen Sacks of Corn, Meal, or Grain; nor for any Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, v/ith

two Wheels, belonging to any of the Inhabitants of the said City or Liberties, and loaden with, or having

thereon, above the Number of eight Sacks of Corn, Meal, or Grain, to pass or be drawn, upon any

Account whatsoever, through, or into, or upon, any or either or any Part of any of the Streets, Lanes,

or Ways, within the said City or Liberties; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to pass

or be drawn, within the said City or Liberties, from any Place out of the fame, with a greater Number

of Hoi fes or other Beads than they are respectively allowed by Law to pars or be drawn with upon the

publick Turnpike Roads within the Counties of Gloucester and Somerft; and that the Owner or Owners

of every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, used in conveying Goods, Wares, or Mer-

chandize, or any other Loading whatsoever, within the said City or Liberties, shall cause their Name and

Place of Residence respectively to be painted or placed, in legible and plain Characters, upon the Front of

such Carriages respectively; and the Owner or Owners of such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage,

which shall be loaden or drawn contrary to the Direction and Intention of this Act, or shall not be so

marked as aforesaid, and being thereof convicted, either upon his, her, or their own Confession, or by

the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses, before the Mayor or any other Justice or Justices of the

Peace of the said City, or upon the View of the Mayor or aqy other Justice or Justices of the Peace of

the said City, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XXXVII. Provided nevertheless, That this Act shall not extend to any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or

other Carriage, that shall carry any one Stone or Block of Marble, or any single Package, or other Thing,

that of Necessity is required to be carried or bawled at one Time.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, for the future, any Goods,

Timber, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities, shall be or remain upon any or either of the publick

Wharfs, Backs, or Quays, within the said City or Liberties, above the Space of twenty-four Hours,

without Licence had from the Mayor and one of the Aldermen of the said City j or if any rerfon or Per-

fons shall, for the future, place, or cause to be placed, in any Street, Lane, or publick Way, within

the said City or Liberties (the fame not being a publick Wharf, Back, or Quay) any Coach, Cart, Dray,

Waggon, or other Carriage, other then and except such Carriages as may (land for the immediate loading

or unloading thereof, or any Timber, Stones, or any other Materials or Thing which may obstruct or

incommode the free raffage through such Street, Lane, or publick Way, or occasion any other Annoy-

ance; then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful for the said Mayor and any one Justice

of the Peace of the said City, or any three Justices without the Mayor, upon Oath being made of the

Premisses, to cause such Goods, Timber, Wares, Merchandize, Commodities, Carriages, or other

Things, to be immediately removed and conveyed to some Pound or other Place within the said City;

and in case the Owner or Owners thereof shall not, within the Space of ten Days next after Notice to

him, her, or them, thereof given, or if such Owner or Owners, in case he or they is or are not knowa

or cannot be found, so as to be conveniently served with such Notice, shall not, within thirty Days after

Notice given for that Puroofe in some publick News Papers usually circulated in the said City, pay the

Penalty or Penalties he, (ne, or they, shall be liable to by any of the afore-mentioned Acts,'or any other

Law now in Force relating thereto, and such reasonable Colts and Charges as the Gaid Mayor, and any

other Justice of the said City, or any three Justices without the Mayor, mall ascertain, for removing, con-

veying, and detaining, such Timber, Goods, Merchandize, Carriages, or other Things, as aforesaid;

that then, and in every such Cafe, such Timber, Goods, Wares, Commodities, Carriages, or Things,

respectively, shall and may, by Order- and under the Direction of the Mayor and one Alderman of the

said City, or three Aldermen without the Mayor, be publickly fold for the most that can be got for the

fame; and the Money arising therefrom, after deducting the Penalty or Penalties, together with the Colts

and Charges attending such Sale, and of conveying the fame to the Pound or other Place as aforesaid,

shall be returned to the Owner or Owners of fuchTimber, Goods, Wares, Commodities, Carriage, or

Thing respectively, on Demand.

XxXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where any Conviction

shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against the said former Acts, any or either of them,

or this Act, or against any Order of Session, or By-law made in pursuance of the said former Acts, or

any or either of them, or this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words, or to the Effect, fol-

lowing; that is to say,

°J9 ?”d to"'?,) 4 D E it remembered. That on this - Day of in the

to mt. j « £) year of the Reign of A. B. is convicted before

4 Elan ire, Mayor, or of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the

4 fold City and County (as the Cafe shall require) of having (as the Offence fail

4 be) and the said doth (or do) adjudge him (her, or them) to pay and forfeit

4 for the fame the Sum of

Given under his Hand and Seal (or their Hands and Seals) the Day and Year aforesaid.

XL. Asd

D- by

