A.,D. 1765.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

C. 2C,

49

paid forthwith,

he is to be com-

mitted to hard

Labour.

Cl.tufcs, &c. in

the A €t of

9 Ann.e, or in

any other Act

touching the

General or

Penny Pod

Office, not

hereby altered,

or repealed, cx«

Act.

for such Justice and Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to

remain at hard Labour for any Space not exceeding two Months, nor less than one Month.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Pro-

vifoes. Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Liabilities, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Methods for the Recovery

of the fame Matters and Things, contained in the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her

said late Majesty Queen June* or in any other A cl or Acts whatsoever, touching the General Poll Office,

or the Carriage called The Penny PoJ} Office, and not herein arrd hereby exprefiy alteied or repealed,

shall be applied and extended* and shall be construed to apply ana extend, to this present Act, as fully

and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as If the fame had been particularly repeated and re-enacted

in the Body of this present Act.

tended to this

XXIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Rites or Sums of Money established or Raus and pccu-

appointed by this A<£t, and also all Sums of Money imposed as Forfeitures or Penalties, and all Sums of n,ar>'

Money required to be paid, and all other Monies herein mentioned, shall be deemed and taken to be s^i^Tlon-v.

Sterling Money of Great Britain, and shall be collected, taken, recovered, and paid, to the Amount of kCI ‘ns 4 Jn~

the Value which such Nominal Sums bear in Great Britain.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all the Monies arising by the Rates Monies arifrag

aforesaid, except the Monies which mall be necessary to defray such Expences as shall be incurred in by this Act,

the Collection and Management of the fame, and all other Expences attending the said Office, and the

due Execution of the Acts relating thereto, shall be appropriated and applied to such and the fame Ufcs,

to which the present Rates of Postage are respectively now by Law appropriated and made applicable.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Charges, Out- All neceflVy

goings, and Disbursements, necessary for the Receipt and Management of the said Rates, and the Rates chafes, &c. in

granted by former Acts, and all other Expences attending the find Office, and the due Execution of the the Receipt and

several Acts relating thereto, be allowed and paid, in like Manner as the fame have heretofore been ^neasgtobcaU

allowed, authorized, and paid, at any Time since the Commencement of the Rates granted by the said i0^cd’as°ufu*lf

Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne; any thing in this Act, or in an Act passed in

the first Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act for the Support of his Majesiys Houjholdy and of

the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 XXVI. And whereas by an Act made in the^ Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti- Ciause in Act

* tuled, A a Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses, in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets 4 Gco* 3» *4*

1 free from the Duty of Poflagcy it is enacted, That from and after the First Day of May, one thousand

4 seven hundred and sixty-four, so long as the Revenue arising in the General Letter Office or Post Office,

4 or Office of Post Master General, shall continue to be made R*rt of the Aggregate Fund, no Letters or

* Packets sent by the Post, to or from any Place whatsoever, shall be exempted from paying the Duty of

c Postage, except such Letters and Packets as are therein particularly excepted : And whereas the Pri-

4 vilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets, free from the Duty of Postage, is not by the said

4 Act extended to the Pay Master General of his Majesty’s Forces for the time being, or to the Clerk of

4 the Parliaments, or to the Clerk of the House of Commons of Great Britain, for the time being, who,

4 by virtue of their respective Offices and Employments, necessarily send and receive many Letters relating

4 to the publick Concerns of these Kingdoms be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That pjy

from and after the passing of this Act, the said Pay Master General of his Majesty’s Forces for the time GcncrJ,

being, shall and may send and receive Letters, free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner, and cic.kofihcPl-

under such Restrictions, as other Officers mentioned in the said Act are thereby permitted, in respect of lament?, an<l

their Offices, to send and receive; and that the said Clerk of the Parliaments, and Clerk of the House Clerk of the

of Commons of Great Britain, for the time being, shall and may respectively, from and after the passing HrufcofCom-

of this Act, send and receive Letters, free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner, and under ^dVlWnd'and

such Restrictions, as any Member of either of the two Houses of Parliament of Great Britain now fend Jccci!e Liters

and receive the same, in pursuance of the said Act. free cf Polla^e.

XXVIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if atiy Action or Suit shall Limitation of

be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the fame Actions.

shall be commenced wiihin six Months after the FadI committed, and not afterwards ; and the De-

fendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this General lrtue.

A cl, and the Special flatter, in Evidence ; and that the fame was done in pursuance, and by the Au-

thority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to be done, or that such Action or Suit shall be commenced

nrtcr the Time before limited for bringing the fame, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or

Defendants ; and upon a Verdict for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or

cifcontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared;

or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or De-

fendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant Tr*tlsCifi*,

or Defendants hath or have in any other Cafes by Law. Scc ta,lhtr

4 9GC0. 3. c. 35.

Vol. X.

H

CAP.

