A.D. 1768. Anno o£tavo Georgii III. C. 2i* 22. 483

XCIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted. That nothing herein contained shall NToAWm:mm

extend, or be construed to extend, to make void the Appointment of any Officers already appointed bvof or

virtue of the said Act hereby repealed ; or to make void any other Proceeding already had or commenced* d

by virtue of, and under the Authority of the said Ail ; or to prevent the complcating of any such Pro-A^ ^ be

ceedings; but that the said Commissioners constituted by this Act shall and tnay carry into Execution, made void under

And compleat all such Proceedings commenced under the said Act hereby repealed, in the like Manner^* Act.

as if the fame had been commenced under and by virtue of this Act.

C. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That nothing in this Aftcontained {hall extend, Repeal* Aa« it

construed to extend, to revive 10 much of the said Act made in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third * 23 Car*c*

Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, or of an Act made in the Second Year of the1?*

Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, as relates to the paving and cleansing the2W. & M. Sef.

Streets in the said City of London, and to the preventing of Nuisances and Obstructions within the same;2* c. 8.

or so much of an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Se- ioGeo. Il.c.a*.

cond, as relates to the paving the said Streets; or to revive the said Act made in the Seventeenth Year

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, or any of the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, 17Cco.II. e. 19.'

and Matters, therein respectively contained; or to revive so much of an Act made in the Thirty-third »nd 33 Geo II. c.

Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the repairing and re-3°*

laying such Pavement in the said City as shall be damaged by the breaking up of the fame to amend and

relay any Water Pipes; but the fame shall remain, and they are hereby declared to be respectively repeal-

ed and made void.

Cl. And is is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, ad-Publick Att*

judged, and taken to be, a Publick Act; ana be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices*

and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the more easy and efifeftual Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted

by the Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the British Colonies and

Plantations in America.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fourth Year of His nrefent Majesty’3 Reign, intituled*

An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America $for conti nu-^Gcotlll*c! i$.

4 ing, amending, and making perpetual, an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the ReigH of His fate Maie/ley'

4 King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of His

* Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America \ for applying the Produce cf such Duties, and of the Duties to arise

• by virtue of the said At7, towards defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and Securing, the said

4 CoLnies and Plantations; for explaining an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles

4 the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eafliand Trades, and for the

* better securing the Plantation Trade; and for altering and disallowing fveral Drawbacks on Exports from

4 this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said

4 Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the fame and Great Britain; it

* was enabled and declared* That all the Porfeitures and Penalties inflicted by that or any other Act

4 or Acts of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of the British Colonies or Plantations in'

* Americay which {hould be incurred there, {hould and might be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered*

* in any Court of Record or in any Court of Admiralty, in the said Colonies or Plantations where such

* Ottence {hould be committed, or in any Court of Vice-Admiralty which might or {hould be appointed

4 over all America; which Court of Admiralty, or Vice-Admiralty, were tnereby respectively au:ho-

4 rifed and required to proceed, hear, and determine the fame, at the Election of the Informer or Pro-

4 fecutor: And whereas Proftjcutions and Suits for Recovery of Forfeitures and Penalties, inflicted by

4 any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of the said Colonies or Planta-

4 tions, in One Court only of Vice-Admiralty over all America, may, in many Cafes, by reason of the

4 Distance of the Places where the Cause of such Suits and Prosecutions shall arise from the Place where

4 such Court is or shall be established, be attended with great Inconvenience : iYIay it therefore pieafe

1 Your Majesty, that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent najesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the First Day of September, After t Stpe.

One thousand seven hundred and sixty-cifiht, all Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by any Act ot Acts i76S» tbePeiul-

of Parliament relating to the Trade of Revenues of the Priiish Colonies or Plantations in America, may tr* and Forfeu

be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in any Court of Vice-Admiralty appointed, or to be appointed, or Ret

and which shall have Jurisdiction within the Colony, Plantation, or Place, where the Cause of such Venu?«oi'the/w-

Prosecution, or Suit shall have arisen. tish Coion c* or

Phr/anon* in ylmtrica, nuv b sued iVr and »ccrve’<*d in any Court of Vier- Admiralty within tn; Co'ony ,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where any Prosecution orand Persons ag-

Suit shall be commenced and determined for any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by any such Act or Acts off,cvcd. ,h*

CLqq2 , Parliament,DcUrmiflal,on 41

