V

C. 37. Anno feptimo Georgii ILL A.D. 1.767.

inued, and the • of Coals or Culm* was to be farther continued to the twenty-ninth Day of September^ which will be

Addition of c in the Year one thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, the said Fund created by the said A& of the

An«utheF«nd * fifth a°d ^lxt^ Years of King William and Queen Mary, with the Addition thereto of one thousand five

would, by Mi- 4 hundred Pounds per Annuity would (it is computed) be sufficient in that Time to discharge the Prin-

chaelmas 1831, ‘ cipal and Interest, not only of the said Debt due to the said Orphans and other Creditors of the said

pay the said « City, but of the said farther Sums of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, and one hundred and

Debt, and r«d^ « fOJty_four thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, are willing

144 C00I. *° 4 ar>d delirous* that the City’s Estates and Revenues should, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of

That the City * fune9 in the present Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, until the said twenty-ninth Day of

b willing to . c September^ one thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, be charged with the Payment of the said yearly

tharge their Re-« Sum Qf one thousand five.hundred Pounds, towards Increase of the said Fund, for the Purposes afore-

creafeVh* said* over and above the several Sums with which the said Estates and Revenues now (land charged:’

Fund, with Therefore, upon, the Petition of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of Lending in

1,5001. per Common Council assembled; be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

Ann.- vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem-

Coroqjon Coun- bled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor,

ciltdembaok Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby required, to inclose and

such puV#* embank so much of the Ground* and Soil of the said River of Thames, as lies on; the North Side thereof,

they shall on or between the Weft Corner of PoweWs Wharf\ near Puddle Dock, in the said City of London, and the East

before the *$th Corner of Roberts's Wharfs near Milford Lane9 in the . said County of Middlefe*9 in such Manner, and

of Sept. 1767, according to such Plan or Plans* act they shall, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September, in this

diita. present Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, Jay out, and direct and caitfe to be hung up in

the Town Clerk’s Office, in the Guildhall of the- said City, for public View and Inspection ; so as the

Fronts of such Embankments, on each Side of the said intended Bridge, may run in straight Lines, to a

Point, in the Middle of the North Butment of the said Bridge, thirty Feet distant from the North End,

or Springing of the North Butment Arch thereof.

Owners and II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful tQ and for any of the

Proprietors ro*y Owners and Proprietors of the several Wharfs or Grounds abutting on the North Side of the salt) River,

Notice to b€°n ^within the Limits aforesaid (who shall, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September, in the Year one

given on or be- thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, give Notice in Writing to the ToWn Clerk of the said City, for

fore the 19th ‘the time being, of their Intention to embank so much of the said Ground and Soil of the River as lie9

of Sept. 1768. opposite and contiguous to their said respective Wharfs or Grounds) to inclose and embank the fame ac-

cordingly, at their own Expence, under the Direction of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in

Common Council assembled, or their Surveyor, in this Behalf to be appointed, within six Calendar

Months next after such Notice ; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anyways

notwithstanding.

Common Coon- HI. And be it further enacted, That upon embanking the Ground and Soil of the said River, adjoin-

05 bU1 Stairs ^ *n£ to several public Stairs or Landing Places called White Friars Stairs, Temple Stairs, and Essex Stairs,*

pu c talrs* either by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or by the respe&ire

Owners or Proprietors of the said adjoining Wharfs or Grounds, they the said Mayor, Aldermen, and

Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall cause the said Stairs and Landing Places to be taken

down, removed, and rebuilt, by their own Workmen or Agents, so and in such Manner as that a Line

drawn from the Middle of the upper Step or Landing Place of the present Stairs, shall run through the

Middle' of the new intended Stairs, and fall at right Angles upon the front Line of the said intended

Embankment.

Ne\vPUa^°«na IV- And lt further enabled. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen,

budd8ancw> and Commons, in Common Council assembled,. and they are hereby required with all convenient Speed

Gaol, to pull down the said Gaol of Newgate, and to remove, dispose of, or delli;oy, the Materials thereof, as

they shall think fit (having regard to the Health and Safety of his Majesty’s Subjects) and to build a

spacious and commodious new Gaol, upon or near the Place where the present Gaol now (lands; pro-

vided always, that the Money which shall arise from the Sale of such of the Materials as shall be thought

* expedient to be sold, shall be applied towards the Expence of such new Gaol,

and widen Strefti V. And, to render the Access, as well to the said new Gaol as to the Sections House in the Old Baily,

leading thereto, more easy and convenient, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,- That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and

Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall have Power and Authority to widen, enlarge, or im-

prove, such of the Streets, Ways, and Passages, adjoining or leading to the said intended new Gael and

Sessions House, or either of them, as they shall judge necessary for that Purpose.

deu?neTin°other Yl. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Sheriffs

p.ibik Prison*Cr ^ie fa,d City of London and the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex respectively, from time to time,

till thenewGaol and at all Times after the said twenty-fourth Day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven,

is built. until the said new Gaol shall be built, and properly fitted for a Prison, to convey to, and keep, and de-

tain in, any Other public Prison of sufficient Strength, within the said City of London or County of Mid*

dlesex*, all or any of the Prisoners who have been or shall be committed, or who by Law ought to be

committed, to the said present Gaol, or to the County Gaol of the said City and County; any Writ, Or-

der, or Warrant, or any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in any ways notv;ithftandi_ng.

NewGaolwhen VH. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said new Gaol when built shall he the County

Conoty Gaol for of anfl ^or fa*d City of London, and of and for-the said County of Middlesex, in like Manner as

London and the said present Gaol now is by Law> Usage, or Prescription* and that the Removal of all or any of the

Prisoners,

e

GoogI

