5B8 C. 26.

Anno nono Georgii III.

A.D. 1769.

but if Non-Tint-

ed ii to pay Tre-

ble Costs.

Bankrupts not

obtaining their

Certificate* in

due Time, ex-

eluded from the

Benefit of this

Art.

Atfornie: embez*

or not duly discharged according to it, in the same Manner as the Plaintiff might have replied, in case the

Defendant had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge by virtue of this Act, specially; and if the Plaintiff

be nonsuited, discontinue his Action, or Verdict pass against him, or Judgement on Demurrer,

the Defendant to have 'Preble Costs.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person against whom a

Commission of Bankrupt hath been awarded and issued out, and who hath not already obtained his Certi-

ficate and Discharge of his Debts, in pursuance of and in such 'Manner as is directed by some or One of

the Acts of Parliament now in Force relating to or concerning Bankrupts, or shall not obtain such Certi-

ficate and Discharge before such Time as he iiiall be brought before the Justices of the Peace at their Ge-

neral or Quarter-Session, or some Adjournment thereof, held as aforesaid, in order to be discharged in pur-

fuance of this Act, {hall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of or under this Act, nor be deemed to

be within the Meaning thereof.

XXXI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

Mms,.&CFC#rSlS release or discharge any Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, or any other Person or Persons acting, or pretend-

exduckd the Be- *nS to act* such* with regard to any Debt with which he or they shall (land charged, for any Money, or

Befit of this Art! other Eftedts, recovered and received by him or them, for the Use of any Person or Persons, Bodies Cor-

porate or Politick, and by any Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person or Persons acting as such, embezzled*

concealed, or converted, to his or their own Use; or to release or discharge any Servant or Agent, or any

Person or Persons employed or intruded as such, with regard to any Debt or Demand with which he, (he,

or they, shall stand charged, for and on account of any Money, Goods, or other Eftedts, received or pof-

seised by him, her, or them, for the Use, and on Account of, his, her, or their Master or Matters, or

Employers, and by such Servant or Agent, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his, her, or their own

TJfe; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Gaoler or Keeper of any

Prison shall and is hereby required to fufter, in the Day-time, any Person or Persons desiring the fame, to

fee and speak, in the Lodge, or some convenient Room of the said Prison, with any Prisoner or Prisoners*

whose Names are inserted in the afore-mentioned Litt or Lifts, or London Gazette^ or other Newspaper*

ferred imhcLifi, or any of them, or any Persons surrendering themfcives pursuant to this A dt; and also fee, in the true

or Gazette. &c. and genuine Books of the said Prison, the Entries made of the Name or Names of such Prisoner or Pri-

?ndthe or Mna! f°ners> together with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons at whose Suit or Suits he, (he, or

Bwks o^Enttfes, t^leY arc detained: And if any such Gaoler or Keeper shall neglect or refuse to comply with what is here

Scz. on Penalty ’above required, every such Gaoler or Keeper, who shall so offend in the Premises, shall forfeit and pay to

the Person so refused and aggrieved, the Sum of Forty Pounds; to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by

Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts at JVejhninjhr, wherein no Essoin,

Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed, determined by and in the Name or

Names of the Person or Persons so refused and aggrieved.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enadteJ, That notwithstanding the Person of any Prisoner or

notwithstanding1’ Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, shall be discharged under this Act, the futuic Estates and Eftedts of every

his personal Dif- such Prisoner and Fugitive shall remain and be liable to his, her, and their respective Creditors as before

charge, lijble to the making of this Act (his, her, or their necessary Wearing Apparel, and Bedding for his, her, or their

Creditors; Families, and Working Tools and Implements necessary for his, her, or their Trade or Occupation, not

rel^Bcdim^and exceeding the Value of Ten Pounds in the Whole, only excepted); and any Creditor or Creditors of any

Working Tool*, such Prisoner of Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, may, at any Time hereafter, sue out Execution, Extents,

or other Process, or any Judgement at the Time of such Discharge recovered, or Statute Staple, or Re-

cognizance acknowledged by, or Sentence or Decree obtained against any such Prisoner or Fugitive, but

not against his, her, or their Person, or his, her, or their respective Wearing Apparel, Bedding, Working

Tools, and Implements as aforesaid.

f, ii^t h c* R cc ov e r yC XXXIV. And be it also enacted, That any Creditor or Creditors of any Prisoner or Prisoners, Fugitive or

otDebt due at Fugitives, who shall be discharged under this Act, may at any l ime after any such Discharge, commence

the Time of ike and prosecute any Action or Suit against any such Prisoner or Fugitive, his, her, or their respective Heirs*

Pn Toner's Dif- Executors, or Admin iterators, for the Recovery of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be due from

hoi?thebprVoner any such Pris°lier or Prisoners, Fugitive or Fugitives, at the Time of his or her Lid I)if harge, but shall

to Special Bail, not hold the Person of any such Prisoner or Fugitive to Special Bail; nor shall take the Person, necessary

nor take his Per- Wearing Apparel, Bedding, 'Fools, or Implements as aforesaid, of any such Prisoner or Fugitive in Exe-

lon, Wearing Ap- cution, or any Judgement, Sentence, or Decree, which shall hereafter be recovered or obtained against

or Tools^'n8’ any Pr,^oner or Fugitive: And in any Action or Suit, which shall be hereafter commenced against

Jud’ement ,nand any such Prisoner or Fugitive, his or her Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, no Bene t or Advantage

no Advantage is shall be had or taken, for that the cause of Action did not acciuc within Three Years next bef -re the*

to be taken of commencing of any such Action or Suit; nor shall any Statute of Limitation be pleadable, or be allowed

tke Cauic of Ac-to be pleaded in Bar of or in any such Action or Suit, which shall be hereafter commenced by any such

wi3ihin°ThT«ing ^rc^‘tor or Creditors against any such Prisoner or Prisoners, unless such causeof Action or Suit did not

Yc.trs,nor ot iheaccrue within Three Years next before any such Prisoner or Fugitive shall be discharged under this Act;

Statute of Limi- and, in any such Cafe, the fame may be pleaded by any such Prisoner, his or her Heirs, Executors, or

tation. Administrators.

XXXV. Provide!

Caolcr to permit

the speaking in

private to Prifo-

nere, whose

Names are in-

of 40 J. with

Colts of Suit.

Prisoner’s future

tcc. not exceed-

ing 10 1. Value

excepted.

