197

A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. C. 24.

theCofts, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby; and so as the Mitigation of the

other Forfeitures as aforesaid do not extend to remit above one Moiety of the said Forfeitures respectively.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person Perfom ag-

shall think himfdf or herself aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no par-

ticular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, (wtcrscfiiann

at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to beheld for the County or Place wherein the Cause of

Complaint (ha!l arif'e, and wirhin three Calendar Months after the Cause of such Complaint shall have

arisen; such Appell ant fifft giving, or causing to be given, twenty-one Days Notice at the lead in Wri-

ting of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer

to the said Commadimers; and, within two Days after such Notice, entering into Recognizance before

fomc Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try

such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Cods as shall be awarded by, the Justices at

tich Quarter Sessions: And the said Justices, at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given

as aforesaiJ, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes

and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Cods to the Parties appealing or appealed

agiind, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall

be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

LX XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Penalties am!

by this Act imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly Forfeitures how

directed) shall he levied and recovered by Didrefs and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by War- applied^

rant under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace, adiing in and for the said Town and Places; p

which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant, upon the Confession of the Party

or Parties, or upon the Information of any one or more credible Witness or Witnedes upon Oath,

(which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to adminider) and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when

recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods

and Chatties shall be so didrained and fold (the Charges of such Didrefs and Sale being fird dedudlcd)

(hill be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the time b *ing, and be applied towards the

Purposes of: his Act; and in case sufficient Didrefs shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeiture*

shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby autho-

rized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be

committed to the Common Gaol, or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize

for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than fourteen Days, unless such Penalties

and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfieo.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and Commissionerr

may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, if they max reward

shall fee Cause, to pay and apply such Part of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, as they formcrl^

shall rhinfc proper, not exceeding one Moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer

or Informers, or any of them; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall, at Comminfonei*

ill their Meetings under this Act, pay and defray their own Expences. 114*Expences

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be Distress not to

made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not bebcdeemcd “n-

deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed aTrefpa(Ter or Trefpaflers on lafUp'* {oT wa,lt

account of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party ,or the Varty

Pa*rjs distrainir.g be deemed aTrcfpafler or Trespassers ab initioy on account of any Irregularity which draining tob*

(h^il he afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such deemed a Tref-

Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Cafe. pafler ab initio.

LXXXV'H. Provided always. That no Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Plaintiff not to

J-^iruI.iriry, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the recorrr »f Ten-

Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity, fcrb

Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have hAt :camadt*

been made, if (ha 1 and may be lawful for tire Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave

nf the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Blue joined, to pay into Court such*

Sum of Money as he or they shall fee fir; whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders, and Judgements,

shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed*

to p jv Money into Court.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Contract, writings to he

Bond, Warrant, Judgement, or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands anJ Seals, wiiiiout Sump*

of, or only signed by, any Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or ex-*

htbited before them, or under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of, or only signed by, any other

Pe'fm or IVrfons whatsoever, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be chargeable with any Stamp

Duty whatsoever.

LAXXiX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar all Orders and Proceedings of Proceeding* to

thr fai I C' ir milnoners, at their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to he kept for that Pur- be entered to

pose; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by the Clcik or Clerks at any Meeting Bcok#

of nvc or moro of the said Commissioners, assembled as the Cafe shall require, and such Orders shall be

deemed*

