34

C.

13*

Anno quinto Georgii III.

A. D. 1765.

not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made any such A/signment or Transfer, to make void,

jcleafe, or discharge the Cam*, or any Monies thereon due.

All Credit#* IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Preference shall be given to any

deemsd equal in Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, in reipcdt to the

Degree. Priority of advancing such bum or Sums ; but that all Persons to whom any Mortgages or Alignments

shall be made as aforesaid, shall, in Proportion to the Sums therein mentioned, be Creditors in equal De-

gree one with another.

Commencement x. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and the several Tolls, Autbo-

ofr*t‘cs’* an(J Powers, hereby granted and made payable, shall commence upon and have Continuance from

° ' the first SnThhy after the passing of this Act, for and during the Term of twenty-one Years, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

ing this* A£>*to" ^f. And lt ^urL^cr enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Costs and Charges of obtaining

bc%rft*pand. l° and passing this Act shall be, as soon as may, paid out of the Money to be raised by virtue thereof.

Persons age.iev- XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall think himself or

cd may anrcal to herft*lf aggrieved determined by any Thing done by virtue of this Act, such Person may appeal to the Justices of

the Qn rter Sei- the Pence at any General Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the

“jn* Matter shall arise, within six Calendar Months after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen ; such

^°bcervfcnPPCal APPc!lant giving, or causing to be given, ten clear Days Notice at the lead, in Writing, of his or

o c given. their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to

Reco*rvrance the said Commidinners, and within two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some

into*CIUcrtd Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal,

and abide the Order of the said Quarter Session ; and the said Justices at their said Session, upon due Proof

of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine

such Appeal in a summary Way, and, if they fee Cause, may, by Older of such Session, mitigate at their

Discretion all or any of the said Penalties, or vacate and let aside any Conviction or Convictions of any

Justice or Justices of the Peace, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame, and award such Costs as they

shall think proper ; and the Determination of such Quarter Session shall be binding and conclusive to all

Intents and Purposes.

Proreel insi rmt XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Act, Order*

mnt onorn/* Conviction, Judgement, Determination, or other Proceeding, that shall be done, made, or had by virtue

nor remove*bfe ^al) be quashed, vacated, or discharged, for want of Form only ; nor be removed or re-

, by Certiorari, moveable by Certiorari, or otherwise, into any Court of Record at Westminster.

Writings robe XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination,

without Sumps. Information, Appointment, Order, Judgement, Conviction, Warrant, Mortgage, Assignment, Indorse-

ment, Transfer, or other Security for the borrowing of Money, or other Writing whatsoever, relat-

ing to the Execution or in pursuance of this A&, shall be charged or charg able with any Stamp Duty

whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Action at Law shall be brought

against any Person or Persons for any thing done by virtue of this Act, till after eight clear Days Nonce

thereof in Writing shall be given to the Person or Persons against whom such Action shall be intended

to be so brought, thereby setting forth the Cause of such Action, or left at his or their last or usual Place of

Abode ; and that every Action brought for any thing done as aforesaid, shall be brought within the

Space of six Calendar Months next after the Cause thereof shall arise; and shall be laid and tried in

the County where the Cause of such Action shall arise; and the Defendant or Defendants therein may

plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, and that the fame was

done by virtue thereof; and if on the Trial of such Action, it shall appear that the fame was brought before

the Expiration of ten clear Days next after such Notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid, or after

the End of six Calendar Months next after the Cause thereof shall arise, or if such Action shall be brought

or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, or after sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made

to the Party or Parties aggrieved ; then, and in every the Cafes aforesaid, the Jury on the Trial of such

Action, shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and in all Cafes where any Verdict shall be

found for any Defendant of Defendants in such Action, or the Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs therein shall difeon-

tinue the fame, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be Nonsuited, or if

upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants

in such Aiftion shall have Treble Costs, and (nail have the like Remedies for recovering the fame as Defend-

ants have for recovering their Costs in other Cafes by Law.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed,

?nd taken to be, a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices,

and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Limitation of

Actions.

General I flue.

Treble Costs.

PuMicfc Act.

CAP.

