A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. C. 45. 367

Vessels or Uicnfils so made use of, shall be also forfeited ; and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of

the Customs, and sued for and prosecuted as herein after is directed.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Ships or Vessels which have V>fol« built la

been, or shall be, built in the ljle of Alany and shall be owned by his Majesty’s Subjects in the said Island,lhe .Ifl3nd> bring

shall be deemed and piss as Ships of the Built of Great Britain, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever,

upon one or more of the Owners thereof registering such Ships or Vessels, and making Proof upon Oarh deemed

of the Built and Property thereof, before his Majesty’s Receiver General, or his Deputy, in the said Jjle tuilt.

of Alan, in the Manner and Form directed for registering Ships, determined by an Act made in the seventh and eighth 7 & s

Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, 4 An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating will. 3,.

• Abuses, in the Plantation Trade ;* which Oath shall be attested by the Officer who administered the fame,

and being registered by him, shall be delivered to the Master of such Ship or Vessel, for Security of her

Navigation and a Duplicate thereof thall be transmitted, by the said Receiver General, or his Deputy, tos

the Port of London, to be there entered in the general Register of all trading Ships belonging to Great

Britain.

XVIf. And for promoting Industry, and to encourage'the Inhabitants of the TJle of Man to engage in

the Herring Fi/hery upon the Coaih thereof, and in the Manufacture of Linen Cloth, be it enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty- the Herring

seven, the several and respeCIive Bounties or Sums of Money herein after mentioned, shall be allowed and Fishery, and

paid for the Boats employed in such Fiftiery, and to the Manufacturers of such Linen Cloth, under the ManufactureofT

several Limitations and Restrictions herein after expreflod j that is to say,. Vnen Ciotb»

To the Owner or Master of such Boat as shall take the first Maze, confiding of five hundred Herrings,

in each Season, videlicet, between the fiift of June and the first of December, in every Year, the Sum of five c

Pounds.

To the Owner or Master of the Boat which shall fish the greatest Number of Nights, in each Season, as

aforesaid, the Sum of ten Pounds.

To the Owner or Master of the Boat which shall fish the second or next greatest Number of Nights in

©ach Season, as aforesaid, the Sum of seven Pounds ten Shillings.

To the Owner or Master of the Boat which shall fish the third greatest Number of Nights in each Sea-

son as aforesaid, the Sum of five Pounds.

To the Owner or Master of the Boar which shall fish the fourth greatest Number of Nights in each Sea-

son as aforesaid, the Sum of two Pounds ten Shillings.

To the Owner or Master of the Boat which shall take the greatest Number of Herrings in each Season,

provided it exceeds fifty Maze, or twenty-five thousand Herrings, the Sum of ten Pounds.

To the Owner or Master of the Boat which shall take the second or next greatest Quantity of Herrings

in each Season, exceeding the Number of twenty-five thousand Herrings, the Sum of hve Pounds.

To the Owner or Master of the Boat which shall take the last Maze of Herrings each Season, the Sum

ef five Pounds.

To the Admiral of the Herring Fiftiery for each Season the Sum of five Pounds.

To the Vice Admiral of the said Fiftiery, for each Season, the Sum of three Pounds.

To the Water Bailiff of the Island, or his Deputy, in Confederation of the Trouble and Expences of

attending at the several Ports, and visiting the Coasts during the Herring Fishing Season, the Sum of

twenty Pounds.

To the Weaver or Person who shall weave in each Year, the greatest Number of Yards -of Linen Cloth r°r ,he Enroot

within the said Island, of the Value of ten Pence, and not exceeding the Value of one Shilling and fix Iaprme"1 of

Pence per Yard, the Sum of six Pounds.

To the Weaver or Person who shall weave, in each Year, the next greatest Number of Yards of Linen

Cloth within the said Island, of like Value, the Sum-of four Pounds.

To the Person who shall fpinj in each Year, the greatest Quantity of Linen Yarn within the said Island, ,

the Sum of five Pounds.

To the Person who shall spin, in each Year* the next greatest Quantity of Linen Yarn within the find ;

Island, the Sum of three Pounds.

To the Person who shall export for Sale, in each Year, the greatest Number of Yards of Linen Cloth

of the Manufacture of the said Island, being all his own Property, the Sum of ten Pounds.

Which several and respective Allowances, herein before mentioned, shall be paid upon Demand to the ^cuVof use*

respective Pctfons intitled thereto, by his Majesty’s Receiver General in the ljle of Many or his Deputy, Fithcij Dutiew

out of the Duties of ten Shillings payable to his Majesty, in the said isle, for and upon every Boat or other

Vessel employed in the Herring Fishery, and out of the Money anting to his Majesty from the several Bay

Fisheries of the said Island.

XVIII. And, in order to ascertain the Number of Nights such Boats shall have fiflied, it is hereby further c,a'rr* '

enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master of every Boat employed in the Fiftiery shall deliver,

weekly, an Account in Writing of the Number of Nights he has so ffthed in each preceding Week* to the tii»Vow t°o be

Admiral or Vice-admiral of the Herring Fiftiery ; which Accounts (h ill be verified by the Oaths of the afeerramed.

Admiral or Vice-admiral, and the Master of the Boat claiming such Bounty, at the End of each Season,

before the Water Bailiff of the Island, or his Deputy ; and in calc the Money arifirg by the said Duties ,he.

fayable to his Majesty, in the said ljle of Alvt% for and upon Boats and Vessels employed in the Herring ci7m in »ny"-

ifhery, and from the several Bay Fahcrie* of the find Hluuls, flutli not be sufficient in any Scalon to pay SeAron, u/.

7 the.

