A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. C.2T. 677

to be appointed in each of the said Parishes, by the major Part of the said Commissioners who shall be af-

sembled at any General Meetings to be held for that Purpose; which General Meetings shall be for the

First Week, on the Monday and Thursday Fortnight next after the Day of passing of this Act

II. Provided nevertheless, That in case there shall not be Three or more of the said Commissioners, in Default of

appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, assembled on any of the Days appointed for holding faffkier.t Number

the said Court, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy

for the Time being, to adjourn the said Court to the next General Court Day on which the said Court Tn^ihcr Day.0

ought to be held.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as commissioner»

a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath to the following Effect ^Oath.

(that is to say)

T AB do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially,^ and honestly, according to the best of my Judge-

X ment, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as shall be brought before me, by virtue of

an Act of Parliament for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the rarishes of

Pcultcn, Kirkham, Lytham, and Bifpbam, and the Townships of Preefall and Stalmine, in the County

Palatine of Lancaster; without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice to either Party.

So help me GOD,9

Which Oath, the Clerk of the said Court, or any of the Commissioners who shall have taken such Oath,

is and are hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court; and the Clerk of the said Court Memorial thereof

shall enter, or cause a Memorial thereof to be entered in the Register of the said Court. toubegifterJi.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, and as often as it On n<Mtb,orRe-

shall be necessary, either by the Death' of any of the said Commissioners herein before particularly named, futai to aa,others

or of any of their Successors, to be chosen in Manner herein after mentioned, or by his or their refusing to bechoien.

or neglecting, for the Space of Twelve Months, to ad herein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the

remaining or surviving Commissioners, or any Eleven or more of them, to meet and aficmble together, at

any Time after such Death, Refusal, or Neglect to ad, and to elect and appoint a Commissioner in the

Stead and Place of each such Commissioner dying or refusing to ad; and every such Commissioner, so

elected and appointed, shall be, and is hereby enabled to ad in the Execution of this Act,' as fully and

effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been particularly named in this Act.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners so named and appointed. Their Power,

and their Successors to be chosen as hereinafter is mentioned, or any Three or more of them, from Time

to Time assembled as aforesaid, fhalhhave Power and Authority by virtue of this Act, to hear and deter-

mine all such causes and Matters of Debt as shall be brought before them, in Manner as herein after is

mentioned, and give such Judgements, and to make such interlocutory and final Orders and Decrees

therein, and to award such* Execution thereupon with Costs, both against the Bodies and the Goods and

Chattels of all and every the Person and PerLons against whom they shall give or make any such Judge-

ment, Order, or Decree, as to them shall seem just and most agreeable to Equity and good Conscience;

and if the Commissioners so assembled shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may Carting Vote,

come before them, the Commissioners present, whose Name stands first on the Lift of the Commissioners

directed to be kept in the Court-house, or Place where they shall respectively meet, shall have the calling

Vo e.

VI. Prov ided always. That none of the said Commissioners, nor any Person who shall keep any Victual-

lir.g-house, Alehouse, or other House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer,

Ale, Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit belong-

ing to the said Court.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Edward IVlntefide shall be, and is

hereby constituted and appointed, Clerk of the said Court of Requests \ and that Simon RujTell shall be,

and is hereby constituted and appointed Serjeant of the said Court, so long as they shall behave themselves

well in their respective Offices.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from Time to Time, whenever it

shall happen that the Place of Clerk dr Serjeant of the said Court shall become vacant, either by Death or

Resignation, a Meeting of the Commissioners for the Time being shall be held at one of their Court-

houlcs, so loon as conveniently may be after such Vacancy shall happen; and a Majority of the said

Commissioners so met, such Majority not being under Eleven, are hereby authorised and required tochufe

and appoint another fit Person to be Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court, to continue in their said respec-

tive Offices during his and their good Behaviour.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk herein before named, and his

Successors, so from Time to Time to be chosen and appointed, or his lawful Deputy, shall make and cause

to be fixed up, in some convenient Part of each of the said Court-houses, fair and complete Lifts, in

Writing, of the Commissioners herein named and appointed, or to beeledted and appointed as aforesaid \

and shall also, and is hereby i-npowered and required to ifllie, or cause to be ifljed out, all Summonses,

Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, and Precepts, and to register and enter, or cause to be registered and

entered, all causes, Orders, Decrees, and Judgements, and other AJts and Proceedings of the said Court,

in proper Books to be provided by him and kept for that Purpose; and that the Serjeant herein before

named, or from Time to Time to be chosen and appointed as aforesaid, shall, and is hereby impowered

and required to serve and execute, or cause to be served and executed, all such Sumaipnfes* Orders, At-

' - tachmcms.

Commissioners or

Victualler*, Arc.

not to hold any

PUce of Profit.

First Clerk and

Scjeant.

Future EVftPn

of C lerk or Ser-

jeant. r -

CIrrk to fix up

Lift* of Commis-

fi n rs in the

Court-ho Jtr,

and to issue Sum-

mon ics, at d re-

gifter Order*.

Srrj ant to fcr?e

Precepts,

