A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 50; 135

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Sewer or Sewers to be fe*

Drain, which is or shall be under the Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers, shall require to be made ^tred *nd.

new, repaired, altered, clean fed, or emptied, in any of the Squares, Streets, Lancs, Courts, Yards,

Alleys, Passages, or Places, which have been or shall be begun to be paved by virtue of this and the said Notice given to

three former recited Acts ; that then, and in every such Cafe, the said Commissioners of Sewers shall, within the Commission-

fix Days after Notice given to or left for their Surveyor for- the time being, at his last or usual Place of ers> or their

Abode, effectually repair, clean, and empty, such Sewer or Drain, as the Cafe may require •, and in De- fn^t^ltthere

fault thereof, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Commissioners appointed by the said three me may

former Acts, or this Act, or any three or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, be*replied and

to cause such Sewer or Drain to be made new, repaired, altered, chanicd, or emptied, as the Cafe cleank-d by the

may require, or so much thereof as shall remain unfin idled ; the Charges and Expences whereof shall be Commiirionc[s

paid by the Corn mi Loners for putting the said three former Acts, and this Act, in Execution, who shall Exienct w*-

be reimburied tLe fame by the Clerk or Treasurer for the time being to the said Commissioners of Sewers : be pai/by the

And in case the said Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners of Sewers shall neglect or refute to pay Treasurer of the-

what dial 1 have been so paid and disbursed, within ten Days next after Notice thereof shall be left at the Commissionen

Dwelling-house or 1 alb Place of Abode of such Clerk or Treasurer, which Notice shall be in Writing, and °* Scwers*

signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this and the said three recited Acts in Execution, and

annexed to the Bill, containing an Account of such Charges and Expences ; it shall and may be lawful to or an

and for the said last mentioned Commissioners, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby autho-

rized and impowered to bring, or ciufe to be brought, any Action or Actions, in the Name or Names

of their Treasurer or Treassurers for the time being, against such Clerk or Treasurer of the Commissioners

of Sewers for the time being, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money, as they shall have so

expended for the Purposes aforesaid ; in which Action or Actions, no Efioin, Protcdion, or Wager of

Law", or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any of the Pave- Whrre the

irent or Pavements, in any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages,* or Places, Sc'vfrs bc

which (lull be begun to be paved by virtue of this, or the said three former Acts, shall be taken up by the an,i

Com mi Hi oners of Sewers for thePurpotc of making new, altering, repairing, deanfing, or emptying, any c,caa L

Sewer or sewers. Drain or Drains, under the Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers, the Surveyor for

the time being to the said Commissioners of Sewers shall, so loon as such Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains,

lEall be made new, altered, repaired, cleansed, or emptied, as the Cafe may he, give immediate Notice to immediate No-

the Iftrfon or Persons- contracting with the Lid Commissioners, to relay the Pavement so broke or taken tife !here t ,s ta

up for the Realons aforesaid, or to the Supervifbr to the said Commissioners, or such other Person or Persons ^iVoner*

a^> shall be appointed by the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid, in order that the Pavement or Pave- p.,vlor or Super-

ntems io taken up may be relaid and replaced under the Direction of the said Commissioners Surveyor or visor, for rcky-

Surveyors, or such other Pci lon or Pci Ions as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall ing the Pave-

appoint (or tint Pui pole; and in cate such Surveyor to the Commissioners of Sewers shall make Default nunt

in giving such Notice twelve Hours alter such Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, shall he so made new,

altered, repaired, cleat;fed, or emptied, as the Cafe may be, the said Cmrveyor to ihc said Commissioners of°n Forfeiture if

Sewers (lull forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

4 V. And whereas the Clause in the said recited AcT of the fourth Year of his present Majesty, which

relates to the Commissioners of Sewers miking new or additional, or repairing or altering any of file

old Grates belonging to the said Commissioners of Sewers, in any eft the Squares, Streets, Lancs, Courts,

Yards, Alleys, Palfl.gcs, or Places, which had been or should be bt&un to be paved by virtue of that and

the two fi rmer Acts, has been found ineffectual ; by reason there is no Provision in the said Clmrfe to

recover any Money which shall be expended by the Commissioners appointed determined by the Lid Lft recited Act,

or the two foimcr Aftts, where the Commissioners of Sewers Thull negftet or refute to make- new, repair,

alter, or lay down. Grates in the Manner by the Lid Clause directed, and also by Reaibn that the Meet-

s

c

c

c

c

c

c

the refore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of flewers Audi, and they are C nnriTion-rr

hereby required, within the Spice of one Month next after the passing cf thus Act, to appoint some flt of

and proper Person to receive all such Notice or Notices which the fai 1 CGmmidftn

of

r-(

ir.gs of the said Commissioners of Sewers are frequently intermitted for a coil lid

Time be it

ins, or any three or more "PPl :!lt ■' Vcr~

. l _ . 1 • ton to rfrfivs

of them, cr their Surveyor or Suiveyois, fhnli have Occasion to lend, from t;me to time, for the making

revv or additiunal, or for repairing or altering any of the old Grates belonging ro ihe L;d Commissioners of on,liy knt then

Sewers in any of the said Squares, Streets, Lancs, Courts, Yards, Alleys, i-Vdaccs, or Pine s, which have from the Co;t>-

bti n or fr ;fll be begun to be paved by virtue of this and the said three burner Acts; and in c de of rhe Death

of such Person, or Removal from his OlRce, to appoint another in IPs Stead at their ft ir

after such Death or Removal; and in Default of such Appointment from time to tinm.

U mi .lOa-'Ct ■> u rker

• Tec Png next :h :'\zk; f

. , ; - ci L>. i ju t ot

. thur th m tuen r,cS A iiJt.

Notice or Notices fnad be gi e.n to or left for the Clerk or Clerks for the time being to the fled Commit-.n^nr, ft

ft-rftn or Per- r.. y '

-ft or refute to ft

mare new, repair, after, and laydown, or cause or procure to be made new, repaired, riiarrft, nrft ! flJ '[

cu’A n, such Grate or Grates as Hi all be specified in such Notice or Notices, for tnc ft

rex: after such No ire or Nonces shall be given or left in Manner aforesaid, it shall

to and for the Lid Comrnlfdoneis appointed by the Lid recited Acts, or this AN, or a

cr their Surveyor or Surveyois for the time being, to cause such Grate or Grates

lionets of Severs, at his or their usual Office, Dwelling, or Place of Abode; and in case rM

for»s to whom such Notice or Notices shall be given or left in Manner aforesaid, (hil: n a

> ci -

h k ’

v.ah

; and

to be made new, repaired, altered, and laid down, to be so made new', repaired, ftp

the Expence whereof- (flail be paid by the Person or Pulons to whom such Notice or Notices fl

e of seven :.'-vs

J r.riv be lawful 1 r.

1 hr e or n loft! be no . a■ '■ 1 laid tore of - Vftuy 5.;- *(V-vn ;

jftct ncs f .ail determined by caav

£ive:i

1 i\

»u>C.

, i

• Li

I* r

