A. D. 1766.

Anno sexto Georgii III.

C. 16. 163

the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall be deemed legal Evidence of the

Acts and Proceedings of the said Court of Requests; and no Suit which shall be commenced in the fa id Proceeds not

Court of Requests, in pursuance of this Act, nor any Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into rciB0V«abie«

any funerior Court, but the fame shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XXII. Prov ided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any thing Whit D*bt« thU

therein contained, shall not extend to any Debt for Rent upon any Lease or Contract, where the Tide A a rtuil not

of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, can or may come in question ; nor to any Debt, Matter, extend to.

or Thing, that shall or may arise upon or in any wise relate to or concern any Cause of Testament or

Matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courts ; nor for any

Debt for any Money or Thing won at, or by means of any Horse Race, Cock Match, Wager, or any

Kind of Gaming or Play ; nor for any Forfeiture upon any Penal Statute or Bye Law ; nor to any Debt

whereof there has not been a Contract, Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise, to pay within

six Years before the taking out the Summons, although the fame shall be under the Value of forty

Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Per foil or Persons, in making Penalty on Per-

Oath or giving Evidence in any Cause or Matter depending in the said Court of Requests, pursuant to son* eui!tr of

this Act, mall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, such Person or Pcifons, being duly convicted thereof PerJury

according to Law, shall incur and suffer such Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted

of wilful and corrupt Perjury, is, are, or shall be subject and liable to by the Laws and Statutes of

this Realm.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the respective Keepers for the time and on Keepers

being of the Common Gaol or Prison within the said City, shall and they are hereby required to receive of p.r,suns

and take into their Custody respectively, all and every Person and Persons who shall be committed, or j^t,ns

ordered to stand committedf by any three or more of the said Commissioners present in Court, being the u

Majority of such Court, or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution, or other Process issuing

out of the said Court of Requests ; and in case the Keeper of the said Gaol or Prison respectively, shall

neglect or refuse to receive and take into his Custody any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this

Act, or shall, before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be committed to

his Custody, discharge such rerfon or Persons out of his Custody, or wilfully suffer such Person or Persons

to go at large without a Warrant or Order for that Purpose in'Writing, signed in Court by three or

more of the said Commissioners, being a Majority of the said Commissioners present; such Keeper reflec-

tively offending in either of the said Cafes, and being thereof convicted before any one or more of his

Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberties, upon the Oath of one or more credible

Witness or Witnesses, or upon his own Confession, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, a Sum

rot exceeding five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices,

and such Sum shall be immediately paid by the Person so offending, into the Hands of the Justice before

whom such Offender shall be convicted, or in Default thereof, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the

Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus, if anyf

be, to such Offender, the Charges of such levying being thereout first deduded ; which Forfeiture, when

paid or levied, shall be immediately paid and applied in like Manner as the Fines herein before-mentioned

are directed to be paid and applied.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Attorney of any Court of Record Attornies not t*

shall be admitted to appear in the said Court of Requests, as Attorney or Advocate in Behalf of any be Advocate*.

Plaintiff or Defendant, or to be admitted to speak in any Cause or Matter before the said Court, in which

such Attorney is not himself a Party or Witness, under a Penalty of twenty Pounds ; to be levied and

applied as above-mentioned, with respect to Keepers of the said Gao! or Prison ; nor shall any such

Attorney ad as a Commissioner in the said Court of Requests ; any Thing herein before contained to the

contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in case any Person or Persons Penaitv on

redding within the said City or Liberties shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, to be issued by witrx-fTes not

the Clerk of the said Court of Recjuefts, at a Time and PJace in such Subpoena or Summons mentioned, attending.

to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, and shall neglect or refuse to appear pursuant

to such Subpoena or Summons, and due Proof being made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons,

and no Cause of Absence being shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners present at the Court

to which such Person shall be by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear, and Oath being made

before the fame Commissioners by the Party or Parties, at whose Instance, or on whose Behalf such

Sutiarna or Summons issued, that the Person or Persons served therewith, was or were a material Witness

or tViineflea for such Party or Parties, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners', or

any three or more of them, assembled in such Court, and being a Majority of them, to impose a Fine,

not exceeding fifty Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Ollender’s Goods, by Warrant under

the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, rendering the Overplus

(if any) to such Offender, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted ; which Fine, when

paid or levied, shall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whose instance, or on whose Behalf such

Subpoena or Summons ifi’ued.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Writ shall be sued out against. Com-

nor any Copy of any Process, nt the Suit of any Person or Persons, shall be served on, any of the said no* to be <<rv<4

CommifEoners, or any of the Officers of the said Court, for the time being, for any thing by him or them * profo

done ifl the Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices, until Notice in Writing of such intended \ '’K~

Y 2 Writ 8

