534 C. 13.

Anno nono Georgii III.

A.D. 1769.

Impawering

Commissionm

Expences, shall refuse or neeleft to "pay the fame within Ten Days next after Demand thereof in Writ-

ing, signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and left at their respective Dweiline-houses, or last

Places of Abode, together with a Bill to be annexed to such Demand, containing the Account of such

Charges and Expences; then, and in every such Cafe, the Money so expended shall and may be recovered

by the said Commissioners of and from the Person so liable thereto, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or

Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Weslmhifter, in the Name of the said Commis-

sioners, or any Three or more or them, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time be-

ing, to be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after such Demand respectively; in which

Action or Suit, no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be al-

lowed.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time it shall be found necessary

to take u and^or Purpose of new paving or altering the Pavement of any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards,

olter* Wafer ^ourts> Alleys, Passages, or Places, to raise, fink, or otherwise alter the Postion of any of the Pipes

pipes. or Plugs laid down or placed by any of the said Water Companies, or by any other Person or Persons

whomsoever, the Charges attending the fame shall be paid out of the Monies arising or to arise by virtue

of this Act.

Obliging Torn- XXII. And, for the more easily obtaining of Water in Cafes of Fire, be it further enacted, That the

tice^theirVu!several Water Companies who shall supply any of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty with Water, shall,

ecs of Abode, from Time to Time, within the Space of Fourteen Days next after the passing of this Act, or within

Seven Days next after the Appointment of any Turncock or Turncocks, give Notice in Writing to the

Clerk of the said Commissioners of the Names and Places of Abode of their respective Turncocks, dif-

tinguiftiing the Districts to which they respectively belong: and if any of the said Companies shall neglect

to give such Notice within the Times aforesaid, they (nail, for every such Neglect, forfeit the Sum of

Forty Shillings: And the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby

required yearly to cause to be printed, and distributed to and amongst the several Houfoholders within

the said Liberty a List of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Turncocks belonging te

the Water Companies who have any Main or Water Pipes laid down within the said Liberty.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall

have full Power and Authority to cause the said Streets to be watered as often as they shall think fit; and

for that Purpose to cause any Well or Wells to be digged and funk in such Places as they shall think pro-

per; and also any Pump or Pumps to be erected in or near such Places; and also to cause any Pumps

now (landing for the Purpose of watering the said Streets to be removed or altered, and to defray *he Ex-

pences thereof out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act.

XXIV. And, for the more effectually cleansing and keeping clean the said Streets, Lanes, Squares,

«flkry4* crc n€~ Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages. and Places, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it

shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, tocauftany

Number of moveable cr fixed Dust Boxes, Dust Holes, or Conveniencies, wherein Dust and Allies and

other Filth may be deposited for the Scavengers and Rakers, to be erected and placed in such Parts of the

said Liberty as they shall judge necessary; and all and every the Occupier and Occupiers of Houses and

Tenements within the said Liberty are hereby required, daily and every Day, to cause all their Dust,

Allies, and other Filth, to be deposited in the said Dust Boxes, Dull Holes, or other Conveniences, or

else to keep the fame in their respective Houses or Tenements, until the fame shall be removed and carried

away by some Raker or Scavenger to be appointed for that Purpose: And in case any such Occupier of

r r *in the said Liberty shall deposit, or cause or permit to be deposited,

Impowering

Coonmissioners

to water the

Streets.

For fixing Dust

any House or Tenement witr

any Allies, Dust, or other Filth, in any Part of the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Alleys, Passages,

and Places, within the said Liberty, except in some of the Dust Boxes, Dull Holes, or other Convenien-

cies, so to be erected or made as aforesaid, the Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings.

ObligingInhabi- XX V. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier of any House or Tenement within the said Li-

nnts to sweep berty, and (in respect to Houses let to Inmates) every House Owner shall once in every Day, between

Mornin^* Hours of Eight and Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, ferape, sweep, and cleanse,

rmng. Foot-way all along the Front or Sides of their respective Houses or Tenements, or cause the fame

to be (craped, swept, or cleansed; and in Default thereof, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay

the sum of Five Shillings.

For lighting the XXVI. And for the better lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and

Streets. Places, within the said Liberty, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may

be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to cauie

such and so many Lamps to be set up in such Places within the said Liberty, and to be placed in such

Manner, and at such Distances from one another, as they shall judge necessary; and shall also order and

direct at what Time the said Lamps shall be lighted, and how long they shall continue lighted; and

shall from Time to Time give such other Orders and directions in the Premises as they shall think need-

ful, for the well and sufficient lighting the said Liberty.

Frr pnni/hing XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully take away, break,

cdV1 breakirf°" throw down, or damage, any Lamp that now is or hereafter shall be set up for lighting the said Liberty

Latu5,r n* as aforesaid, or wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights within the same, or damage the Irons or other

Furniture thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who (hdll

fe*

