624 C. 40.

Anno nono Georgii III.

A. 0. 17&9.

PJJ b*ck And shall pay back to the said Clerk, or to the Receiver General, as the Cafe shall be, the Surplus (if

Mons«In hi* an/) of M°ney by him from Time to Time received, and then remaining in his Hands,

Hinds V. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of MHiria, out of the Money

The cie.ks are hereby directed to be issued and paid to him for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment or

JikeiTjfc to pay Battalion: shall, yearly and every Year, pay to the Colonel or Officer commanding such Regiment or

«ilo^cdhf>r con ®attahon» One Penny a Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the Hospital Expences

tinjern Expeacet each respective Company of such Regiment or Battalion during the Time of the Mens being absent

t JFpsrMAn for from Home, upon account of their Annual Exercise* and shall, from Time to Time, issue out and par

Hofpft.>iCharges: such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, and the Carriage and Removal thereof,

tnd ilcSums oe-upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or Officer commanding such Regiment or Battalion ;

Repair of Arms, an<* aJ?ply* dispose of, and pay, the Residue of such Money, for the general tJfe and Benefit of each f«ch

tn(f cairiage ^respective Regiment or Battalion, in such Manner as the Field Officers and Captains thereof, or the

thereof. greater Part of them, shall direct; and shall yearly and every Year make up an Account or all such

Residue to be*p- jvfoncy, and the Expenditure thereof, and deliver the fame to the Colonel or Officer commanding such

rrfi?«rtbreRc^c^*ment or &altal*on> to bV, him examined, allowed, and signed j which Account so allowed and

pime't, !&r. Is signed shall be, and it is hereby directed to be, the proper Voucher and Acquittal of such Clerk, for the

the Field offitcit Application and Disposal of such Money.

ndc.iptaim VI. And be it enacted, That the Money hereby directed to be issued for the contingent Expences of

stall dinti. each Independant Company of Militia, shall be, in like Manner, applied to the particular Use of fudh

ni? Sums to bee rdpeOive Independanr Company by the Captain thereof; and shall yearly, and every Year, be in hkc

made up yearly. Manner accounted for to the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County or Place to which such

ice. Independant Company shall belong; whose Allowance of such Account shall in like Manner be the pro-

Money allowed per Voucher for the Expenditure and Disposition thereof,

MxCmeTo^in- ^ lt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer commanding every Regi*

aep^”lnt°Com- ment> Battalion, or Independant Company of Militia, which shall be raised and trained pursuant to the

ponies to be ap Laws now in Force, shall, and they are hereby respectively required, from Time to Time, within Thirty

plied by and ac- Days after the exercising of every uk!i Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company shall be finished,

counted for by pursuant to the Directions of the Laws uow in being in that Respect, trarifmit to the Auditor of His

Commanding Majesty’s Court of Exchequer a compleat Return, signed by such Officer commanding, of the several

Officer* to trans- Officers, Non-comraiffioned Officers, and Private Men, who were actually inrolled, and did serve in

■nit to the Audi-every such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company, at the Time the fame were so exercised as

for of the Eiche- aforesaid, in like Manner and Form as is required to be made to One of His Majesty’s Principal Secret

thlom'cT °d taries of State-

Private'jvien m- VIII. And bz it enacted, That the fafd Regimental or Battalion Clerk may and shall retain to his own

rolled, and Tery-Use, out of the Money so by him received, such further Sums as shall complete the Allowance herein,

ng at the am.u J before made for his Salafy*

CiXCk,fc* And be further ena£led, That whenever His Majesty’s Lieutenant, or any Three or more De-

Moneyti°nhis,n P.uly Lieutenants of any County, Riding, or Place, shall nave fixed the Days of hxercife for the Mili-

ftrindf for bit ^a, hfc or they shall, as Toon as may be, certify the fame to the Receiver General of such County, Rid-

own Siiary. ing, or Flace, specifying the Number of Men, and the Number of Days such Men are to be absent from

When the Ld. Home on account of such Exercift; and such Receiver General is hereby required, within Fourteeri

■utieHhJJ hare ^aYs a^ter the Receipt of such Certificate, to issue and pay to the Clerk of the several Regiments or Bat-

fixed thcD«js of talions, at the Rate of Seven Shillings and Sixpence Dhy foe the Captain of each Company, and at

Exer«ife. the Rate of Three Shillings and Sixpence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of Three Shillings per Day fof

they are to cer- each Ensign j'and also at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, with the Ad-

the Receiver ^,t,on of Sixpence per Day for each Corporal of the Militia, so to be called out to Exercise, for the

genera^fpreify- Number of Days such Officers and Men mall be absent from Home on account of such Exrrcifc; and ia

ing 1 be* Number such Counties where there shall be Independant Companies only, the Receiver General of each such re-

ef MenaniDayifpe&ive County shall issue and pay to the Captains of the Independant Companies, at the Rate of Seven

rhry frail be ab Shillings and Sixpence per Day for each Captain, Three Shillings and Sixpence per Day for each Litu-

tenant> ,an(* Three Shillings per Day for each Ensign 5 and also at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for

to issue each Private Militia Man, with the Addition of Sixpence per Day for each Corporal of the Alilitia, lb to

npm 1'ay for be called out to Exercise, for the Number of Days such Officers and Men shall be absent from Home on

Officers and account of such Exercise and the said Regimental or Battalion Clerks are hereby required forthwith to

imcnulchlk6 PaY to each Captain of the said Regiments or Battalions, the Proportion of Pay belonging to each Cap-

gimcn J n ' tain, and likewise the Pay belonging to their respective Companies.

Where rhrre/hall be Independant Companies pnJy, the Receiver-general is to iffile Pay to the Captains, according to the Rate here set down. Clerk to pay

ver the Money to the re pefh've CaprainS.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Captain of each Company shall make up an Account of all

Capuirs to Monies received and paid by him on account of such Exercise, according to the following Form:

’wiLc up their Account acccrd.ng lo the following Form;

Coun;/

