A. D. 1765. Apno quinto Georgii III. C. 40. 89

provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand nine hundred 5,9661. fnrifce

and sixty-six Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty*:; ^ntolGc«r ia*

Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the twenty-fourth Day of en 0 cwrs

June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, to the twenty-fourth of June, one thousand (even hun-

dred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five thousand and two hundred 5,*aM 1 m*

Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establiihment of his Mrjcfly’s Colony of of"

East Florina, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the twenty-fourth of June, onejrj0;jja.

thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, to the twenty-fourth of June, one thousand ft veil hundred and

sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five thousand and two hundred Pounds, upon 5,1001. for the

Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Jiefl Forida, eft.iN fl»-

. and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the twenty-fourth of June, one thousand seven VVffl*

hundred and sixty-four, to the twenty-fourth of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and

any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one thousand six hundred and one Pounds and fourteen Shii- ^anUHVpfnce

lings, upon Account, for defraying the Expence attending general Surveys of his Majesty’s Dominions in ff pCner>i Mir.

birth America, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, ?cy? m Anwiii-jj

XXIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup- S*0001 °*a'd*

plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five Laxa'

thoufanl Pounds, towards building a Lazaret \ and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty- jgjooool. to the

eight thousand Pounds, upon Account, towards the enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospi- Foundling Hoi-

tal for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to maintain and educate, pital

or to place out as Apprentices such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the twenty-

fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, from the thirty-first Day of December, one

thousand seven hundred and sixty-four inclusive, to the thirty-first Day of December, one thousand seven

hundred and sixty-five inclusive, and that the said Sum be issued and paid for the Use of the said Hospital

without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever.

XXIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup- ,*50°.I\ fyr,

plies aforesaid, there shall and maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding

thirteen thousand Pounds, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the British Forts and Settlements Scrticmca t hi

upon the Coast of Africa, and putting the said Forts into better Repair ; and any Sum or Sums of Money, Africa j

cot exceeding seven thousand Pounds, for building a Block-house at or near Cape Aptolonia, on the Coast of 7»°°° *• for » “

Africa ; and any Sum or Sums of Money* not exceeding five thousand and five Hundred Pounds, upon ®,0fk'hr'u[c at

Account, for defraying the Charges of a Civil Kftabliftiment upon that Part of the Coast of Africa, situate jLi^,r7c*/

between the Port of Sallee in South Barbary and Cape Rouge, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and ing charge* v

sixty-five. of * Civil Eftt-

bliftment upon the Coast of Africa ;

XXV. And it is hereby also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids i,4ool.tom»fc*

or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied the Sum of two thousand and four good to hi*

hundred Pounds, to make good to his Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by his Majesty’s Orders r'*y Kke

in pursuance of the Addrefl'es of the House of Commons ; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceed- S^,»n^ofAd-

ing ten thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to give a proper Compensation to the Government of tin* the

Island of Barbadoes, for the Assistance given by them to his Majesty’s Forces under the Command of Major House of Cam-

General Mo nekton, in the Expedition against the Island of Martintco\ and any Sum or Sums of Money, not mom ;

exceeding seven thousand Pounds, to he paid into the Chamber of the City of London, towards the finishing TO»<*JO 1. Corn,

and compleating the Works for improving, widening, and enlarging the Passage over and through London

Bridge, without Account, other than as is direfled for the Monies raised by an Act made in the twenty- the7n*nJ of

ninth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An At1 to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over Barbel*?;

nnA through London Biidge, 7,0001. tow n<»f

rrptiring I.ondon Bridge; 19 Oee. *. /. 40.

XXVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That out of all or any the Aids or Sup- 48,1-61 1 ?.

plies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty- 11 d. aq. to ts-

eight thousand one hundred seventy-six Pounds one Shilling and eleven Pence Halfpenny, to replace to P,4(C.lc \nr

the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency on the fifth Day of V*^1

July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four^ of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pen- of^hc Dutic^oii

lions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund determined by an Act of the thirty- Oific« ar»j cn-

first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty for paying Annuities at the Bank of Enghnd, in respeit of five^n*; and wio-

millions borrowed towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred anddo*i

fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty-nine thousand leven hundred forty*two 49.74* I- 1

Pounds one Shilling and two Pence Halfpenny, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of * d* *s- lo rc

the fame, to makegood the Deficiency on the%tcnth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty- 5^,^ ^uen<j

four, of the fevera! additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom ; and certain Duties upon th? pcfin///

all Cyder and Perry which were made a Fund by an Act of the third ^ ear of the Reign of his present ofihe nati onal

Majesty. for paying Annuities in respect of three million five hundred thousand Pounds, borrowed towards Putim

the Supply granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-thrcc; and any Sum Wincmrporfdi

or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred thirty-nine thousand three hundred forty-two Pounds two*^J p^C )tier

Shillings and four Pence, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum ilfiicd thereout, for paying Annui- "139,3411/ 1 *.

ties after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum for the Year, ended the twenty-ninth Day of September, one 4 a. t# tf'urt

VoJL. X. N thousand

