11 2

The additional

Duly ot i s. per

lb. laii by the

recited Act of 3»

Geo. 2. c. io. is

rvt to be t?ken

.off luth CcftVe,

as is or shall be

lo iged in the

King’s Ware-

houses before 5

A £> 9 & to

.Will. 3* c. *j<

Dm*btcki

granted by for-

mer Acts on Ex-

portation of Re-

fined Sugars, to

cease; and 14 s.

€ d. per Cwt. on

Loaf Sugar pro-

perly refined and

dried, to be paid

in lieu thereof.

Lump Sugars

duly refined, in-

tilled to like

Drawback.

In lieu of the

former Draw-

backs on Ejf-

tards, Ground

Supar, ar d

Candy, a Draw

back is allowed

of 6 s. 4 h per

C a t. on al! furh

2s shall be duly

refined.

Suttnrs fraudu-

lently '’(Her d

for ’ixp u r irion,

in order to ob-

tain th: Bounty,

may be f itedj

and :re for cited.

Before th? De-

benture i« nr ?de

out, Refi ier to

It.akr Cj.li of

' the S.Ale ol the

Sujiar to li e l x

‘pr>t' ', nnd of

then untiry'inn

Quality th<-icot,

and that the

fame was pro-

duced from

WuUovjdo Su-

gar of tiic Bri-

C. 45: Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. *765.

appropriated to the same Uses to which the said Duty of one Shilling per Pound Weight was made

applicable.

Xifl. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted. That nothing herein before contained shall

extend, or be construed to extend, to take off the additional Duty of one Shilling per Pound upon Coffee,

granted by the said recited Act of the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, with respect to such Coffee which now is, or shall, on or before the fifth Day of July, one

thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, be lodged or secured in any Warehouse or Warehouses in pur-

suance of the Directions of any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made; nor shall the said

additional Duty hereby granted be charged upon such Coffee so lodged or secured in any loch Warehouse

or Warehouses.

July, 1765, &c.

4 XIV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the Ninth and Tenth Year of the Reign of

4 King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting to his Adaiejly a further Subsidy of Tonnape and

4 Poundage, towards raising the yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, for the Service of his Majesty s

4 Houshold, and other uses therein mentioned^ during his Majestfs Life; and by several subsequent Acts of

4 Parliament which arp now in Force, several Bounties or Drawbacks, amounting in the Whole to twelve

4 Shillings per hundred Weight, are allowed upon the Exportation of Sugar refined in this Kingdom:

4 Now to prevent any Frauds that may be practise<f to the great Prejudice of the Revenue of the Customs

4 by the Exportation of Sugars not completely refined, and Sugars made from Scum, and other Trash and

4 Refuse of Sugar Houses, under the Denomination of Refined Sugar, in order to obtain the Bounties or

4 Drawbacks herein before-mentioned;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after

the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the several Bounties or Drawbacks

also wed by the said Acts upon Refined Sugars, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and in lieu

and instead thereof, a Bounty of fourteen Shillings and Six Pence per hundred Weight shall be allowed

and paid upon Refined Sugar exported from Great Britain in the Loaf compleat and whole, being net, that

is to say, of one uniform Whiteness throughout, and which hath gone through the Operation of two or

more Clays since it was last in the Pan, and hath been properly and thoroughly dried in the Stove, accord*

ing to the present Practice of Refining; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided nevertheless, That if any of the said Refined Sugars, being either in small or great

Loaves, commonly called Lumpsy shall have gone through the Operation of three Clays, at the least,?ince

they were last in the Pan, and shall be net, and (ballliave been thoroughly dried in the Stove in the

Manner herein before directed, though such Loaves be exported without the small Ends or Tips, they

shall be esteemed compleat and whole within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and the Exporter

of the fame shall receive the Drawback or Bounty accordingly,

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of

Juney one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, in lieu of all Bounties and Drawbacks which may

have been allowed or paid, heretofore, on all Refined Sugar called Baflardsy and Ground Sugary and on

Refined Sugar called Candy, there shall be allowed and paid on the Exportation from Great Britain of all

Refined Sugar called Bastardy and of all ground or powdered Refined Sugar, and of all Refined Loaf Sugar

broke in Pieces (the said Sugar having been twice clayed and properly dried in the Stove) and on all

Candy properly refined and manufactured, and free from Dirt and Scum, a Bounty or Drawback of fix

Shillings and four Pence per hundred Weight, and no more; which said several Bounties or Drawbacks of

fourteen Shillings and six Pence, and six Shillings and four Pence, herein before granted, shall be paid

and allowed put of any of the Duties on which the former Drawbacks or Bounties on Refined Sugars

were payable.

XVif. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the proper Officers of the

Custom* shall, upon View and Examination, either before or after Shipping, find any Sugar or Candy

which ill ill be entered for Exportation, in order to obtain the Bounties or Drawbacks thereon, to be leis

in Quantity than expressed in the Exporter’s Indorsement, or entered under a wrong Denomination; or if

such Sugars shall not be respee lively refined in the Manner before directed; or if such Candy shall not

be properly refined and manufactured, and free from Dirt and Scum; all such Sugar or Candy shall

he forfeirrd, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and prosecuted accord-

ing to Law.

XVIil. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before any Drawback or Bounty is

paid for any of the Sugars or Candy herein before-mentioned, or any Debenture made out for the fame,

the Refiner or Refiners, not being the Exporter or Exporters of such Sugar or Candy, shall make Oath

before the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs, that he or they fold such Sugars or Candy,

c pro fling the Quantity, and the Time when, to the Person or Persons'intending to export the fame;

and that such Sugars have respectively gone through the Operations herein before expressed, and have

been properly and thoroughly dried in the Stoves, or that such Candy has been properly refined and manu-

factured according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and, as he *or they verily believe, such

Sugar or Candy was produced from Muscovado Sugar imported from his Majesty’s Plantations in America;

and that the several Duties payable therein were duly paid at the Time of importing the fame; and the

Exporter or Exporters of such Sugars or Candy, shall then make Oath that such Sugars or Candy, being

the Sugars or Candy for which such Bounty or Drawback is then claimed, are the identical Sugars or

8 , Candy,

