246 . -C. 40.

Anno sexto Georg 11 III.

A.D. 1766.

4 ported directly from the Country or Place of the Growth of the said Wine, or the usual Port or Place of

• its first shipping ; except Madeira Wines imported into this Kingdom from any of his Majesty’s Planta-

4 tions in America: And whereas the said respective Duties of eight Pounds and four Pounds per Ton, im-

4 posed upon Wines by the said recited Act, have been collected and paid, without any Discount or Dc-

4 dudtion inwards, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act: And whereas some Doubts

4 and Questions have nevertheless been lately made, whether the before mentioned Allowance of twelve

4 Pounds per Centum for Leakage, should be deducted out of the said Duties for such Wines as were im-

4 ported directly from the Country or Place of the Growth of the said Wine : For the obviating and dear-

4 ing of which Doubts, frith regard as well to the Time past as to come, and for the acquitting, discharging,

4 and indemnifying, all Persons whatsoever, who have any way acted, or been concerned in, the charging,

4 collecting, paying, or receiving, the said respective Duties of eight Pounds and four Pounds per Ton im-

4 posed upon Wines by the said recited Act, or who shall be concerned or ad in the charging,' collecting,

4 paying, or receiving, the lame for the future, and for the supporting and establishing the Fund by the

4 said Act of Parliament intended to be created, for the securing such Annuities as should be purchased

4 pursuant to the said Act of Parliament; and for the Explanation of the said AdMay it therefore please

your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted and declared by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present

Dutieiofgi. per Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said additional Duties of eight rounds

Ton on French for every Ton of French Wine, and four Pounds for every Ton 6f ail other Wines, imported into this

Wines, and 41. Kingdom, given and granted by the said recited Act of Parliament, made and passed in the third Year of

winei^crlntedthe of Lis present Majesty, from and alter the thirty-first Day of March, one thousand seven hun-

determined by the'retired dred and sixty-three, were by the said Act* intended, and shall be, and ought to be paid, and payable to

Act of 3 Geo. 3. his Majesty, his Ph ii s and Successors, for the Uses and Purposes in the said Act expressed, without any

declared to be Discount or Deduction inwards ; and all Persons whatsoever who have been concerned, or who have ailed

The additional

intended to be in the charging, C< iiv

paid without any . r , 1

Discount in im posed on VV ine> b.

acquitted and disc h.r

II. And be it fur

third Year of his present

wards, 8cc.

So much of the

said Act, as re-

lates to the

Allowance of

12 1. per Cent,

in respect of

Leakage, re-

pealed.

Clause in Act of.

5 Geo. 3. c. 46, 4

€

Mi/'

g, or receiving, the said tespective Duties of eight Pounds and four Pounds

bed Act as aloreliid, are and shall respectively, by virtue of this Act, be

it frmnified in respect thereof.

d !»y iDC Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said recited Act of the

lry\ Reign, as relates to the Allowance of twelve Pounds per Centum foe

Leakage, out of the said j Jnr i s <>f u ,;,;u Pounds and four Pounds per Ton, by the said Act imposed on

Wines imported directly from the Place of their Growth, shall be, and is hereby repealed, annulled, and

made void, to all intents and Purposes whatsoever.

4 III. And whereas by a Clause in an Act of Parliament made in the last Session ofahis present Parlia-

ment, and in the fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Du-

ties upon Admissiom into Corporations or Companies, and for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties

m in Great Britain, reciting, That by an Act of Parliament made in the tenth Year of the Reign ot her late

4 Majesty Queen Anne, for laying several Duties upon Soap, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, a

4 Stamp Duty of two Shillings and three Pence, among other Duties, is laid on every Skin or Piece of

4 Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which should be ingrafted or written any Sur-

4 render of, or Admittance to, any Copyhold Land or Tenement, within those Parts of Great Britain

4 called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or any Grant or Lease by Copy of Court

4 Roll, or any other Copy of the Court Roll of any Honor or Manor within the same Parts of Great Br'r

4 tain, or any of them (other than and except the Original Surrender to the Use of a Will, and the Court

4 Roll, or Book, wherein the Proceedings of the Court are entered or inrolled) and reciting, That great

4 Fiauds had been committed in the said Duty, by Stewards and others-receiving the fame, together

4 with their own Fees, without ever making out or delivering the said Copies; ana, for preventing the

4 fame for the future, it was and is declared and enacted, That from and after the fifth Day ofjuly% one

4 thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if any Steward or other Officer of any Copyhold Court should

4 demand, take, or receive, from any Person whatsoever, any Fee or Fees for any such Surrender, Admit-

4 tance. Grant, or Lease, or any other Copy of any Court Roll, without at the fame Time demanding

4 and receiving the Stamp Duty due thereon, and delivering such Surrender, or Admittance, Grant, or

4 Lease, or Copy, to the Person intitled thereto; then, and in every such Cafe, every such Steward or other

4 Officer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds: And whereas the said Clause

4 hath been found to be attended with great Inconvenience, in regard to the Time of delivering the Copies

* of every Surrender, Admittance, Giant, or Lease, which is impossible to be done at the Court in which

Ir. tent ion of the such Business is transaded :’-For Remedy whereof, be it declared and enacted by the Authority afore-,

recited Act,with said. That the Intention of the said Clause, and the Time meant thereby, for delivering the Copy of

'rmfroeant for Surrender, Admittance, Grant, or Lease, was, as soon as the fame could be properly prepared and

ac 1 iverm^Coyfes out after the receiving the Fee or Fees and Stamp Duty thereon, and not at the Time, or imme-

©fComt Rolls, diately upon, receiving the fame.

Officer of the IV. And, for the preventing any Doubts in regard thereto for the future, be it further enacted determined by the

Court not liable Authority aforesaid,' That from and after the seventh Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-

- to forfeit, if the every such Steward or other Officer of any such Cotfthold Court shall be obliged to deliver the Copy

rlTrcd Within a ^uch Surrender, Admittance, Grant, or Lease, to the Person intitled thereto, or to some Person autho-

V<*r, U ma Tlzed by him or her to receive the same ; and if no Person shall be so authorized, then to the Bailiff of

the Manor, for the Use of such Person, within one Year from the holding such respective Court; and

fliJ

