59

A.D. 1765. Anno quint© Georgii Ilf.

C« 26*

Wapentakes, Manors, Towns, ViHs, Churches, Monasteries, Abbies, Priories, or the Scites, Circuits,

or Precincts thereof, Farms, Messuages, Houses, Granges, Tofts, Cottages, Curtilages, Barns, Stables,

Mills, Dove-houses, Orchards, Ffuiteries, Gardens, Lands, Demesne Lands, Glebe Lands, Meadows,

Leafows, Feedings, Pastures, Woodlands, Woods, Underwoods, Trees, or the Soil or Ground thereof,

. Wastes, void Grounds, Roads, Paths, Heaths, Furzes, Moors, Marshes, Mines of Lead or Iron or other

base Metals, Collieries, Quarries, Inland Waters, Pools, Fish-ponds, Watercourses, Streams, Rivulets,

Aquedudls, Rents, Arrearages of Rent, Rent Services, Rent Charges, Rents Seek, Rents reserved. Annual

Farm Rents, Fee Farm Rents, Rents of Assize, Annuities, Herriots, Services or Works of Tenants either

free or customary, Redlories, Tythes, dr Impropriations of Tythes, either Great or Small, Predial, Personal,

or Mixed, Portions of Tythes, renfions, Oblations, Obventions, Commons, Frankfolds, Eftovers, Commons

of Eftovers, Turbaries, Ways, Passages, Easements, Forests, Parks, Liberties of Parks, Chafes, Lawns, War-

rens, A starts, Purprerftures, Chiminages, Hawkings, Huntings, Pifcaries, Fishings, Fairs, Fair Days, Markets,

Stallages, Tolls, Multures, Waifs, Eflrays, Deodands, Wrecks of the Sea, Assize or Afl’ay of Bread, Wine,

or Beer, Fealties, Reliefs, Escheats, Forfeitures, Goods and Chatties of Traitors, Felons, Clerks Convidl,

Fugitives, Persons convicted, attainted, condemned, outlawed, put in Exigent, or (landing mute. Suits of

Tenants, Courts Baron, Profits or Perquisites of Courts Baron, Fines, Amerciaments, or any Thing to

Courts Baron appertaining, or any Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Emoluments, or Appurtenances,

Spiritual or Temporal, to the said reserved and excepted Premiffes, or any of them, belonging, incident,

appendant, or in any wise appertaining, of any Interest therein in Pofieilion, Remainder, or Reversion,

within the said ljland of Alan^ or any of the Islands and Dependencies to the fame belonging; but.that the

fame, and every Part thereof, shall (land and be fully and clearly excepted and reserved out of this Act, and

all and every the Provisions herein contained; and shall be, remain, and continue, veiled in such and the

same Person and Persons, for ftrch and the fame Estate and Estates, and to and for such and the same Uses,

Intents, and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made* and shall be holden of his Majesty, his bot to be held by

Heirs and Successors, by the said Honorary Service ef rendering to his Majesty’s Heirs and Successors, urual Honorary

Kings and Queens of England, two Falcons on the Days of their respective Coronations; and at and under Scrvlce»

the said yearly Rent of one hundred and one Pounds, fifteen Shillings, and eleven Pence, to be paid at the ioiY/ic s.°

Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Weflrninster, in Manner and Form aforesaid. ,d. 5

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thafc this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and publick A&.

taken, to be a Publick Act j and mall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and all

other Persons whatsoever.

I 2

THE

