A.D. 1765. Anno quin'o Georgii III. C. ^6. 12

that is to say. For the first Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, and also the Costs and Expences of con- keiigdulyli-

\i^ting such Offender; and in case such Sum, together with the Charges and Expences of conviHing"J*

f'jch Lender, shall not be paid within the Space of fourteen Days fiext after such Conviction, that then twtri»ce,

the Ortcmirr (hull fufllr Imprisonment for the Space of one Month, unless he or she thall sooner pay such 4Qg ind Ccfti

and the Lolls, Charges, and Expences of such Conviction, and executing the fame: And for of C«avi£tion;

1 . ^tv°nd Offence, the Sum of four Pounds, and also the Cods and Expences of convifling such and»0,1 Noll“

Ofrcr.iier; ?-.A in call* such Sum, together with the Charges and Expences of convicting such Offender

the leccnJ Time, shall not be paid within the Space of one Week next after such second Conviction, for oneMontb j

to it then the Offender shall suffer Imprisonment for the Space of two Months, unless he or she shall fcr the second

Oe;cr on Inch Pemlty of four Pounds, and the Cod', Charges, and Expences of such fecoud Conviction, Offence, 4I. and

7-'j executing the fame: And for the third Offence, the Sum of six Pounds, and also the Cods and Costs; an<,« on

I eucc> it convicting such Offender j and in case such Sum of six Pounds, together with the Charges  £.*

s - Expences of convicting such Offender the third Time, shall not be paid within the Space of three fortwoMonths5

D-y> nt after such third Conviction, that then the Offender shall fuller Imprisonment for the Space of for the third

if.rce Months tinlcff he or she shall sooner pay such Penalty of six Pounds, and the Cods, Charges, and OrfVncc, 61. and

Expcr.cc>, of such thir l Conviction, and executing the fame; and the like Penalty and P.imishment for Corts» and>on

evr-y other Offence after the third Offence and Conviction, thereof, as for the said third Offence; all ^0.n'Pa^”V

v.! ith CiJ Colls and Expences shall be assessed, settled, and ascertained by the Justice or [uflices of the for Months

P^a 'e before whom such Offenders shall respectively be convicted; any Law, Statute, or Custotn, to the and the 1U

contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: All which Penalties and Forfeitures shall go and be paid, Penalty and

the one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, and also P"ni?n^nr ai

ell such Cods, Charges, and Expences, to be assessed or ascertained as aforesaid, to the-Prosecutor or Pro- ,

fccutors of every such Offender or Offenders. - oTnce. ’

Tie Co As are to be settlru by the Justces f and the Penalties to be applied, one Moiety to the Crown, and the other Moiety and Costa to the Prosecutor,

t

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and The Justices are

for any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, for the time being, of the County or Place where authorized to

any of the said Offences aguinfl this Act, or the said former AH, shall be committed, to hear and deter* hear *”d dc^r*

mine the fame Offences in a luminary Way; which said Justice and Justices of the Peace are hereby ofon'esin'*'

authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made, in that Behalf, to or fonimary Way.'

before him or them, to summon the Party or Parties accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side (if

they dial! be required to summon any such Witnesses) and upon the Appearance, or Contempt of the

Party or Parties accused by not appearing, to proceed to examine and hear the Matter in a summary

Way; and also to examine such Witnesses on Oath as shall be produced therein (which Oath such Justice

or Justices respectively is or are hereby impowered to give and adminider) and to give his or their Judge-

ment thereon; and in case he or they shall conviH the Party or Parties so accused or complained againdt

©t the Offence laid to his, her, or their Charge, and such Party or Parties shall refuse or negleH to pay 4

the Penalty or PenaEits for which he, die, or they, dand conviHcd, within the Time herein before-

jnentioned for that Purpose, together with the Cods of such Conviction or Convictions, to be adlfled,

ferried, and ascertained, as a fore I id; that then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lauful for.

every ItHi [uflice and Justices, and he and they, and each of them, is and are hereby authorized and

required to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants, pnder his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and

S i!s, for the apprTending and committing to Prison every such Offender, for such Time, and in

fu:h Manner, as the Nature of the Offence shall require, according to the true Intent and Meaning .

of th s Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be wforfles br»g

flmrr..^ncd as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, <My f”nimone#,

tojcJing any of the Matters aforesaid, either on the Part of the Prolocutor, or of the Person or Persons ”c£,eclmp OT

accused, and fli. 11 neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed,

ui:V ut a realoiuT’e Excuse fur such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice ableCaufertiew

or Justices of the Peace; or, appearing, shall refuse to be examined on Oath, and give Evidence before or to ^vc tvi-

such luflice or fuflitcs of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending; that then every dence> forfeit

such Krlr.n (had forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be levied and paid in40*'

fu h M riner, and by such Means, as are herein before directed as to other Penalties.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons (lull think hiinfcdf, herself, or them- PerC nr ^rrVv-

age ieved by the Judgement or Conviction of any Justice or Jufliers of the Peace, for any of the cd b? the E‘ c*

% aforesaid, and shall give Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices of the Pence for Honor

iHr the Penalty, Oofls, and Expences, to be expressed in the Warrantor Warrants of Dirtrefs aj.n giving srcu!

cn i n Conviction, that then, and in every such Cafe, after such Security given, and not otherwise, it rity, rmv

(L M rod rr?v be lawful 10 and for such Offender and Offenders to appeal frrm and aguinfl such Conviction 10 rbr Q^»ner

nr C'or.v *ct:on$, to the Justice^ of the Peace assembled at the next Chiartcr Scffons of the Pence to be held Stir,0U5»

f »r tiuh C oiK.tv. Ri ling, Division, Lib rty, City, Town, or Place, tinlels such ScfTion of the Peace (lull

le h id w f a in fix Days or lets next after such Conviction or Convictions shall be lb had or made; and ^honeto

i-t *h.r Caff* ro the Justices of the Peace to be assembled at the next Sessions after such Scdions, and not arddc»crrr'ae

iffr r ward*; and ih°t the Justices of the Peace assembled at such Sessions (lull thereupon proceed to hear lJr Master

an j Irtrrmine the Matter of every such Appeal, and their Judgement thcieon shall be final and cc^icJufive lna'1av}}. ^

to jP Intents and Purposes whatsoever; anJ in case the Justices of the Peace so assembled at such Stiltons, An^jl't© U Irit

VoL. X. R shall

