A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. C. *. 279

be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Com-

missioners: And all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Alignment or Conveyance shall be

made as aforesaid, is and are hereby impowered, from time to time, by Alignment under his, her, or

their Hand or Hands, to be indorsed on the Back of his, her, or their Security, or by any other Writing

or Writings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, which shall be executed in the

Presence of two or more credible Witnesses, to assign over or transfer his, her, or their Right to the

Principal or Interest Money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever 5 all which Assignments

or Transfers shall be produced and notified to the Clerk or Treasurer within thirty Days after the Date

thereof, who shall cause an Entry to be made of such Assignments, containing the Date, Names of the

Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned and transferred, in the said Book or Books

to be kept for entering the said original Alignments 3 for which the Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the

Sum of two Shillings and six Pence, and no more; and which said Book or Books shall and may, at alt

feasonable Times, be perused and inspected without any Fee or Reward; and after such Entry made, such

Assignment or Transfer shall intitle such AfSgnee, his. her, or their Executors, Administrators, and

Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may, in such Manner, assign or

transfer again, and toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made such

Afignmerit or Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or any Monies thereon due; and

that no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon

the Credit of this Act, in raped to the Priority of advancing such Sum or Sums, but that all Persons to

whom any Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, shall, in proportion to die Sum or Sums

therein mentioned, be Creditors in equal Degree one with another*

VI. And be k Anther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Expences of paf&ng this Act shall Forcing tfce

be paid out of the first Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act. £*P'*ce.of the

VlL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Term of the said Acts For'continuing

of the twelfth Year of King George the First, and the fourteenth Year of his late Majesty, shall not be a Turnpike, and

further continued by Act of Parliament, from the Expiration of the present subsisting Terra thereof; it coiling the

shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, immediately after the Toils,in ctfe

Expiration of such present subsisting Term, to cause any Gate to be erected or continued at or near the

Place Where the present Turnpike stands at Hyde Park Corner, mid to take and receive the respedire

Tulls, authorised by the said Acts to be taken and received at the said Turnpike, in Manner, and under

An Penalties, Authorities, and Indemnities, in the said Acts mentioned, and to apply the fame in paving,

ckanfing, lighting, repairing, and regulating, the said Roads leading from the End of Gorges Street to

the present Turnpike-gate near Hyde Park Comer, and from the South End of Park Lone so the North

Side of Hertford Street, in the said rarish of Saint George Hanover Square.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, PoMScfc ACty

smd taken to be, a Publick Act 3 and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices,

and ocher Persons, without specially pleading the same.

Anno septimo GEORGII III:

f A Tthe Parliament begun and Holden at Westminster, the nineteenth Day of May, Anno Dom. 1761,

in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Ix>rd GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of

JL -m. God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. and from

4 thence continued by several Prorogations to the eleventh Day of December, 17663 being the sixth

Scifion of the twelfth Parliament of Great Britain/

CAP. I.

An Act to continue an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

tuled. An Act for Importation of m Sailed Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for

a limited Time.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Iiferto^Cm.y

4 Vy intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a

4 limited Tints; which was to continue in Force for twelve Months from the Commencement thereof 3

4 which said Act was, by another Act passed in the last Section of Parliament, further continued, from

the Expiration thereof, until the first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, is

near expiring: And whereas the allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter from

Ireland, for a further l ime, may be of great Advantage to both Kingdoms :* May it therefore please

your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Auvice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par- Continues ta

Iiament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and all and every the Clauses,1 M*lch» >77o^

P/ovisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Allowances, Drawbacks, Matters, and Things, therein contained. hcy c“'

ie

