48 C. 25. Anno q«tnto Georgii III. A.D. 176$.

Year of the Reign of her ftSd late Majesty Queen Anne, are (ettbfd, and appointed to be taken for all

Letters and Packets passing by the Polls from London to all other Parts of Germany.

The Postage of XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful" to and

LetmttobefeKt for die said Poll Master General, and his Deputy and Deputies, if such Poll Mailer Gftwenriihall deem

^ necessary and expedient, to cause the Rates or Sums for the Podage of all Lettecs and Packets which

neccf- *re to be lent by the Poll out of the Kingdom of Great Britainf to be paid upon their being put into any

Cary,fee dontnd* Poll Office within the said Kingdom.

mti ipeA their being pet into the Office. ,'v ,

‘Penalty ofnnjr XVII. And be it further enacted Jui^the Authority Vorefaid, That if any Deputy, Clerk, Agent,

Xettcr Carrier, or other Officer whatiwir, appointed, or to be hereafter appointed, and employed in

cretingoMsn- the Bufinefs of the Poll Office, shall, from and after the*tenth Day of Oftobery one thousand seven hun-

beMiiAg any dred and (ixty-five, secret, embezzle, or destroy any Letter, Packet, Bag, or Mail of Letters, which he.

Latter with any (he, #r they, shall and may be respectively entrusted with, or which shall have come to his, her, or their

Bank' Bill or Hands or roffession, by virtue of their respective Employments in the said Poll Office, containing auiy

Bank Note, Bank Poll Bill, Bill of Exchange, Exchequer Bill, South Sea or East India Bond, Dividend

Warrant of the Bank, South Seay East India, or any other Company, Society, or Corporation, Navy or

Victualling Bill, Seaman’s Ticket, State Lottery Ticket, Goldsmith’s Note for the Payment of Money,

or other Bond or Warrant, Bill, or Promissory Note for the Payment of Money, or American Provincial

r taking out Bill of Credit; or shall deal and take out of any Letter or Packet that shall come to his, her, or their

Hands or Possession, by virtue of their respective Employments, any such Bank Note, Bank Pod Bill,

gin of Exchange, Exchequer Bill, South Sea or East India Bond, Dividend Warrant of the Bank, South

Sea, East India, or any other Company, Society, or Corporation, Navy or Victualling Bill, Seaman^

Ticket, State Lottery Ticket, Goldsmith’s Note for the Payment of Money, or other Bond or Warranty

w PromMIory Note for the Payment of Money, or American Provincial Bill of Credit, with Intent to fe-

Mltbay. crete, embezzle, or destroy the fame; every such Offender or Offenders, being thereof convicted in dire

form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon,

penaltyrob* XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day

bang Mail 1, ©fOlfober, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall rob

of his Majesty’* Mails of any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, Bag or Mail of Letters, although fuen

Robbery shall not appear, or be proved, to be a Taking from the Person, or upon the King’s High-

way, or to be a Robbery committed in any Dwelling-house, or any Coach-house, Stable, Barn, or any

Out-house belonging to a Dwelling-house, and although it should not appear that any Person or Persons

itFetayb were put in Fear by such Robbery, yet such Offender or Offenders, being thereof convicted asr aforesaid9

shall nevertheless respectively be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon.

Penalty nf any XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Deputy, Clerk, Agent,‘Letter

Officer, Uc. toi- Carrier, or other Servant, appointed, authorized, and intruded, to take in Letters or Packets, and re-

ben ling or mif- Ceive the Podage thereof, dial], after the said tenth Day of October, imbezzle, or apply to his, her, or

Voikiwc Monty their own Use, any Money or Monies by him, her, or them, received with such Letters or Packets, for

melted by him, the Podage thereof; or shall burn or otherwise destroy any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, by him,

r destroying any her, or them, so taken in or received; or who, by virtue of their respeClive Offices, shall advance the Rates

Letter or Packet, Upon Letters or packets sent by the Pod, and shall not duly account for the Money by him, her, or them,

or advancing the reccjved for such advanced Podage; every such Offender or Offenders, being thereof conviClcd as afore-

££*£ fa, kid, Hull be deemed guilty of Felony.

the fame, is

p^Bo uittin ^X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Pod Boy or Rider, having

or deferring' the taken any of his Maiedy’s Mails, or Bags of Letters or Packets, under his Care, in order to convey the

Mail, or faflfer- fame to the next Pod Town or Stage, shall, after the said tenth Day of October, quit or desert the fame be-

ing any Person fore his Arrival at such Pod Town or Stage, or shall suffer any other Person or Persons (the Person or

(except the persons employed to guard such Mail or Bags of Letters and Packets only excepted) to ride on the Hoffc

on*theHorfeor or Carriage alonv with the said Mails or Bap of Letters and Packets; or shall loiter on the Road, and

Carriage, or loi* wilfully mispend his Time, so as to retard the Arrival of the said Mails or Bags of Letters at the next

tering on the Pod Town or Stage; or shall not, in all possible Cafes, convey such Mails or Bags of Letters after the Rate

Road, dec. to be of fix Engli/b Miles an Hour at the lead; every such Offender, for evey such Offence, being thereof

convicted, either by voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible

hare Laboor| 'Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Judiees of the Peace (which Oath and Oaths

the said Justice or Judiees is and are hereby respeClively impowered and required to adminider) shall be sent

to the House of Correction, and confined to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Month, nor

less than fourteen Days.

and unlawfully XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day of

collecting, con* 'October, if any Pod Boy or Pod Boys, Rider or Riders, shall, by himself or themselves, or in Combination

▼eying, or deli- with others, unlawfully collect or receive Letters or Packets, or convey, or cause letters and Packets to*

▼ering Lcttera fce unlawfully conveyed, and shall thereof be convicted. either by the voluntary Confession of the Party,

or Packet*, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more fuftice or Judiees

of the Peace (which Oath and Oaths the said Justice and Judiees is ana are hereby respectively impow-

he forfeits 4o«. ered and required to adminider) every such Offender or Offenders shall, for every Letter or Packet (o

for every Letrer, by him or them unlawfully collected, conveyed, or delivered, forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings, to be paid

*q. and if not to the Informer; and if the fame shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, it shall and may be lawful

6 for

