247

A.D. 1766. Anno (exto Georgii III. C. 40.

shall not incur the said Forfeiture or Penalty inflicted by the said Clause for not delivering the fame, till

after the Expiration of one Year from the Day of holding such Court; any Thing in the said first: recited

A& to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And, for Relief of all Persons who have omitted to insert and write, in Words at Length, in In-

dentures or other Writings which contain the Covenants, Articles, Contracts, or Agreements, relating to

the Service of any Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant, the full Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, further Tima

received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, or agreed, or contracted for, with, or in relation allowed to Per-

to, every such Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant, as aforesaid ; be it therefore enabled by the Authority °ro rt.

aforesaid, That upon Payment of the Rates and Duties upon the Monies, or such Part of the Monies so jn indentures or

omitted to be inserted and written, in Words at Length, in such Indentures or other Writings as aforesaid, other Writing?,

on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, to such Per-the full Sum

son or Persons to whom the fame ought to be paid, of which timely Notice is to be given in the Lendon*^

Gazette; the fame Indentures or other Writings shall be good and available in Law or Equity, and may ^pprcntl^/anV

be given in Evidence in any Court whatsoever; and the Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants therein named, 0,her Servant!,

shall be capable of following and exercising their respective intended Trade or Employment, in the and to pay the

same Manner as they could have done in case the full Sum or Sums received or agreed for, as aforesaid,

had been inserted; and the Persons who have incurred any Penalties by the Omission aforesaid, shall be rUf^*r f0v

acquitted and discharged of and from the said Penalties; any Thing in any former A61 of Parliament to J5 Geo. j.9*

the contrary notwithstanding. c.

4 VI. And whereas by an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, CLufe in

4 Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on tie Exportation of Coals; and of severallLzb India- Goods ; 5 Geo, 3*^3$%

4 and upon Policies of Ajfurance for retaining, upon the Exportation of JVbite Callicoes and Mujiins, a further

4 Part of the Duties paid on the Importation thereof \ and for obviating a Doubt with respect to Stamp Duties

4 impjfcd upon Deeds by two former Afts\ it is amongst other Things enacted. That upon the Entry of any*

4 Wrought Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba of the Manufacture of Perfta, China, or

4 EaJi India, or Callicoes painted, dyed, piir.red, or stained there, for Exportation to Africa ; the Bond

€ which is now by Law required to be given for the due Exportation of such Goods, shall be with further

4 Condition, !ut the fame shall be there landed accordingly, and not in any other Part or Place beyond

4 the Seas; ■' that th? Bonds lo as aforesaid entered into, shall not be delivered up or discharged until f

4 Procd is m . :he Manner directed by the said recited Act; which Proof is required to be made within andA^ ~Qi

4 eighteen iVem the Date of such Bonds: And whereas by another A&paflfcd in the fifth Year of the ,05 t0i

4 Reign of 1>. ' A ,S.j ffy, intituled, An Act for mo e rffeftually /applying the ExportTrade of this Kingdom $ie 6 Oa. 3^.

c to Africa, utn: in j. Cars Printed Callicoes, a nd other Goods of the Product or Manufacture of tlx East Indies,*. 4C

* or other Places 0 \ ;nd the Cape of Good Hope, a> are prohibited to be worn and ujed in Great Britain ; for 7 Gco-

4 encouraging the I.opo'tation of Bugles into this Kingdom, for the better Supply of the Export Trade thereof; and c* 5C< ’

4-for discontinuing the Bounty payable in Gieat Brirain, and all Bounties and Allowances in Ireland, upon the

4 Exportation of Corn. Grain, Malt, Meal, and FiOur, from thence to the Isle of Man ; it is (amongst other

4 Things) enacted. That if any Bugles, which shall be warehoused in pursuance of that Act, shall be de-

* livered for Exportation to Foreign Parts, the fame shall be subject to the like Security* Regulations, and

4 Refactions, as East India Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain are now by Law liable

4* to: And whereas it is alledged, that the Time limited by the first recited Act of Parliament, for making:

4 the Proof thereby required within eighteen Months, for such of the aforesaid Goods as shall be landed in*

c Afr ica, is too short, and the obliging the Master, Mate, Purser, or other Person having Charge of the

4 Ship, to make the Oath as is therein direeled, at the Port where such Security shall be entered into, may'/

4 subject the Proprietors and Exporters of such Goods to great Difficulties and Inconvenience; such Secu-

4' rity having been hitherto taken only at the Port of London, though the Goods arc frequently exported-

4* from vark)uc Out-ports of this Kingdom For Remedy whereof, and to give all fitting Encouragement CofuHtions-wjrm^

to this Branch of Business, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twentieth which any of the-

Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, in every Cafe where the Owner or Proprietor of befcr<?-mention*

any of thfe Goods before mentioned shall desire to remove the fame from one Port of Great Britain, to any ed Goo<}s ra*7

other Port within the same Kingdom, in order to be from thence exported to Africa, it shall and may be ooePortof

lawful for the Warehouse Keeper, or other proper Officer of the Customs, in whoseCustody the fame shall be Great Britain,

lodged, to pack up and secure such Goods under his or their Seal or Seals of Office ; and before the fame to another, in

shall be taken out of the Warehouse or Warehouses in which they shall have been deposited, one Bond shall order *° bo ex-

be Entered into, with sufficient Security to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in double the Value of such

Goods, that the fame, and every Part thereof, shall be well and truly delivered, without Alteration, into the* *to

Custody and Possession of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs for the time being at fomc other

Port of this Kingdom to be named and expressed in such Pond; and to produce a Certificate, under the*

Hands and Seals of such Collector and Comptroller, that such Goods have been so delivered into their Cuf-

tody and Possession, within three Months from the Date of each respective Bond, to the Commissioner9

of the Customs, or to the Principal Officers of the Customs, at the Port where such Bond shall have been,

given; and such Goods {ball not be afterwards taken out of the Custody of such Colledfor and Comp-

troller, until one other Bond shall be entered into by the Merchant Exporter, with sufficient Security to*

his Majesty, his Heirs and Succellbrs, in double the Value of the said Goods, that the fame, and every

Rart thereof, fha 1 (the Danger of the Seas excepted) be well and truly exported to, and landed in, fomc1*

Part of the Coast of Africa, and not in any other Part or Place beyond the Seas.

VII. And it is further enacted. That no Bond, which hath been or shall be entered into for the Expor- Bond not

tan on of any of the Gjcds bcfoie mentioned to Africa, in purfiunce of this or ibc.before xecited Acts of aifcbirged, nil

Par-

