A. 0,1769. Anno nono Georgii III. C. 41. 629

$ VIII. And whereas by an Ail made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An

Act for the better Ptrfervation of Roots, Shrubs, and Plants, it was amongst other Things, enacted. That

c all and every Person and Persons who, from and after the Twenty-Fourth Day of June, One thousand . (

4 seven hundred and sixty-six, fliolild go into the Woods, Underwoods, or Wood Grounds, of any

bf His Majesty’s Subjects, not being the lawful Owner or Owners thereof, and should there cut, lop,

top or spoil, split down or damage, or otherwise destroy any Kind of Wood or Underwood, Poles,

4 Sticks of Wood, Green Stubs, or Young Trees, or carry or convey away the fame; or should have

in his, her, or their Custody, any Kind of'Wood, Underwood, Poles, Sticks of Wood, Green

4 Stubs, or Young; Trees, and should not give a satisfactory Account how he, she, or they, came by the

4 tme, and should be thereof convicted before any One or more of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace*

on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnftles, should, for the First Offence, forfeit and

1 pay immediately on Conviction, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, together with the

4 Charges previous to and attending such Conviction, to be ascertained by the said Justice or Justices who

4 should convict the Offender or Offenders; and if any Person or Persons should commit any of the Of-

4 fences aforesaid a Second Time, and should be thereof again convicted in Manner aforesaid, he, Ihe,

4 or they should forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, together with the

4 Charges previous to and attending such Conviction, to be ascertained as aforesaid; and if any Person or

4 Persons mould commit any of the Offences aforesaid a Third Time, that then, such Person and Per-

4 Tons, being duly convicted thereof according to Law, ftiouM be deemed and adjudged an incorrigible

4 Rogue or Rogues, and should be punished as such: And whereas great Destruction hath of late been

4 made of Hollies, Thorns, and Quickfcts, growing upon His Majesty’s Forests and Chaces within this

4 Kingdom, to the great Prejudice of His M ajesty’s Deei\ and other Game therein; and also of Hollies*

4 Thorns, and Quick sets, growing in the Woods and Wood Grounds of His Majesty’s Subjects, For

the better preven ing such evil Practices and Abuses for the future,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the First Day ot July, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, the The mitrj

said Clause in the said Act tnade in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and all and every theciaufr.andaiith*

Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, thereby inflicted, and all other Provisions, Clauses, Matters,;pcnJ;TifS> &r*

and Things, relating thereto, shall extend, and be deemed, taken, and construed to extend, and shall be^*rea:

applied and put in Execution, in relation to all His Majesty’s Forests and Chaces within this Realm; and an:j app!jecMo all

to all and every Person or Persons who shall, without legal Right or Authority, by Night or Day, H>s Majesty'a

cut down, destroy, take, carry, or convey away, any Hollies, Thorns, or Quicklets, growing or being Fordls aBd

upon any of His Majesty s laid Forests or Chaces, or within the Woods or Wood Grounds of any of

His Majesty’s Subjects; or who shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Pofleffton any such Hollies,or^ury.ng^way*

ThoVns, or Quicksets, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he, she, or they came by the fame, any Hollies,

and shall be thereof convicted before any One or moie of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in the Man-Thoin?» or

ner prefc:ibed and directed by the said Act ;.and such Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorised to ad “ ^c ' p

minister Oaths, and proceed in the like Manner for the Conviction and Punishment of every Offender having*

in the Premises, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the several Prpvisions in the said jn rheir Custody*

Act had been herein particularly repeated and applied to the Offences herein before specified. for which they

cannot satisfa<f>crljy account.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Conviction and Convictions ofconvitfionofOf-

all and every Offender and Offenders against this Act, shall be certified by the Justice or Justices of the friers to be ccr-

Peace, before whom the fame shall be made, to the next General Quarter-sessions of the Peace to be filed *

amongst the Records of the said Sessions; and that such Conviction shall be fairly written on Parchment rtC,~ *

or Pap »r in the following Form of Words (as the Cafe shall happen) or in any other Form of Words

to the like Effect; that is to say.

To wit.1 12 E it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year

4 JD AB was, upon the Complaint of CD, convicted before of the Justices of the F^rm ofthcCon*

4 Peace for in pursuance of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty Vlt

4 King George the Third, for (as the Cafe {bull be.)

4 Given under Hand and Seal the Day and Year above written*

Which said Conviction shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes; and shall not be Not , Iab,*f0 ;

qunshed, set aside, or judged void or'insuffic ient, for want of auy Form or Words whatsoever, nor to or ,c~

liable to be removed by Certiorari into His Majesty’s Court of Kings Benchi but shall be deemed and taken '

to be final to all Indents and Purposes whatsoever.

X. And whereas a considerable Quantity of that Species of Barley, commonly called Bigg, of the B-g? mt ww«-

4 Growth of the Islands of Orkney, is now in the Hands of the Owner and Occupiers of Lands in the said Q’ soorQ^amr*

4 Islands, which from its inferior Quality is altogether unfit for any Houshold Uses; and if not permittedthe^iflMofChJc^

4 to be exported to Portugal and other Places for the Feeding of Mules and Horses (the only Use thisM° *"

4 Species of Grain is fit for) will be entirely loft.to the Owners: For Remedy whereof,’ be it enacted

by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for His Mrj'fty, His Heirs, and Succcffrs, by Or-^ be

der or Orders to be made in Council for that Purpose, under such Limitations and Restrictions as fivall bc p*e|ird..r cer.

expressed in such Order or Orders, to permirand authorise the Exportation of* any Quantity or Quantities m.n

... oftrom ifac Pwri

