A.D.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

C. 16.

665

I77°*.

Members, shall be directed to withdraw as herein after is mentioned: And when the Door shall be locked

as aforesaid, the Order of the Day shall be read, and the Names of all the Members of the House, Knm« of the

written or printed on distinct Pieces of Parchment or Paper, being all as near as may be of equal Size, Members to he

and rolled up in the same Manner, shall be put in equal Numbers into Six Boxes or Glades, to be placed Puts,xB)xe*

on the Table for that Purpose, and shall there be shaken together; and then the Clerk or Clerk Alii f- drawn alter n^c-

tant attending the House mail publickly draw out of the said Six Boxes or Glasses alternately the said iy, and read by

Pieces of Parchment or Paper, and deliver the fame to the Speaker, to Ic by him read to the House; and the Speaker, till

so shall continue to do, until Forty-nine Names of the Members then present be drawn. ^ <9 bedrJNVn-

VI. Provided always, That if the Name of any Member who shall have given his Vote at the Election Voting Members

so complained of as aforesaid, or who shall be a Petitioner complaining of an undue Election or Return, «tiv*E!ea»on,or

or against whose Return a Petition shall be then depending, or whose Return shall not have been brought be^ abTc?*' C°

in lourteen Days, shall be drawn; his Name shall be fee aside, with the Names of those who are ab-

sent from the House.

VII. Provided also, That if the Name of any Member of Sixty Years of Age or upwards be drawn, AH above 60

he shall be excused from serving on the Select Committee, to be appointed as herein after mentioned, if he ^eirs old cxcuf*

require it, and verify the Cauie of such Requisition upon Oath.

VIII. Provided also, That if the Name 01 any Member who has served in such Select Committee dur- those who have

ing the fameSession be drawn, he shall, if he requires it, be excused from serving again in any such Se- £rvcd Seka

Jedx Committee, unless the House shall, before the Day appointed for taking the said Petition into Con- fa^es-i'iiir^kr*

sideration, have resolved, that the Number of Members who have not served on such Select Committee, the w o

in the same Session, is infuificient to fulfil the Purposes of this Act, respecting the Choice of such Select h^e rot served.

Committee. ... lCMlg fufikion!-

IX. Provided always. That no Member who, after having been appointed to serve in any such Select Members excuf-

Committee, shall, on Account of Inability or Accident, have been excused from attending the fame n be

throughout, shall be deemed to have served on any such Select Committee. fcrvTd^ C° b VC

X. And be it further enacted, That if any other Member shall offer and verify upon Oath any other Member* veri'V-

Excuse, the Substance of the Allegations so verified upon Oath shall be taken down by the said Clerk, in ing other Ew rr,

order that the fame may be afterwards entered on the Journals, and the Opinion of the House shall be Allegations m

taken thereon; and if the House shall resolve, that the said Member is unable to serve, or cannot without

great and manifeil Detriment serve in such Select Committee, he also shall be excused from such Service. VhlVVr-uu!

ablr, arc to be rxrjicd.

XI. And be it further enacted, That instead of the Members so set aside and excused, the Names of imtcadrf

other Members shall be drawn; who may, in like Manner, be set aside or excused, and others drawn to otherstnb wn

supply their Places, until the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, not liable to be Jo set alide or excuf- ^(,f^pr‘et0e

ed, mail be complete; and the Petitioners or their Agents shall then name One, and the Sitting Mem-

hers, or their Agents, another, from among the Members then present, whose Names {hall not have been name One, and

drawn, to be added to those who shall have Been so chosen by Lot. sitting Mcmb-*

XII. Provided always. That either of the Members so nominated shall or may be set aside, for any of*nThker,?hor,n s*

the fame causes as those chosen by Lot; or shall, if he requires it, be excused from serving on the said Select fetVfide oxoif-

Committee; and the Party who nominated the Member so set aside or excused, shall nominate another ed; a id other*"

in his Stead, and so continue to do as often as the Cafe shall happen, until his Nominee is admitted. n-imcd.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the said Forty-nine Members shall have been so cho- Door tnbe open-

fen by Lot, and the Two Members to be added thereunto {hall have been so nominated as aforesaid, the ed;3nl the H.-uic

Door of the House shall be opened, and the House may proceed upon any other Business; and Lifts of

the Forty-nine Members so chosen by Lot shall then be given to the Petitioners, their Counsel, or A- of the 49 to

gents, and the Counsel or Agents for the Sitting Members, who {hall immediately withdraw, together he then cr/nio

.with the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee; and the said Petitioners and Sitting Mem- the Petitioner?,

bers, their Counsel or Agents, beginning on the Part of the Petitioners, shall akernately strike olf One

of the said Forty-nine Members, until the said Number shall be reduced to Thirteen; and the said Clerk, wkhVrw^nd

within One Hour at farthest from the Time of the Parties withdrawing from the House, {hall deliver in in iko off one, al-

to the House the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining; and the said Thirteen Members, to- termtcly, till the

gether with the Two Members nominated as aforesaid, shall be Tvorn at the Table, well and truly to j'l)l\fc'r [tm

try the Matter of the Petition referred to them, and a true Judgment to give according to the Evidence; c“‘rek J.-^hOre

and shall be a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the Return or Election appointed by ft «?,’?nViiver«

the House to be that Day taken into Consideration; and the House shall otdor the said Select Committee i.:f>of them;and

to meet at a certain Time to be fixed by the House, which Time shall be within Twenty-four Hours t5,cxw th ,hcXt>-

of the Appointment of the said Select Committee, unless a Sunday or Chiij'.vias Day shall intervene; and

. the Place of their Meeting and Sitting shall be some convenient Room or Place adjacent to the House of iw.mure!,'

Commons or Court of Requests, properly prepared for that Purpose. to order

th in to rrcetin 1.1 rJ u-'.

XIV. Provided always. That on the Farties withdrawing as aforesaid, the House shall continue fitting; On win tinwing

and the said Fifty-one Members, so chosen and nominated, Audi not depart the House, till the Time for li‘e noC

the Meeting of the said Select Committee shall be fixed. r.°.

XV. Provided aiwa\ 11 ' "■ " " ’ 1 'M

Member by Lot

such Member is

such Member fhs

aside, and, unlc{ # .... ......

Member shall be drawn to supply his Place, to complete the Number cA Forty-nine Men.bers to be drawn bCi coaicaim*

Vol. X. 4 ^ by

