A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Ge-orgii III. C. 30. 209

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Captain of each Company shall make up an Account of all Capttins to

Monies received and paid by him on account of such Exercise, according to the.following Form; ke ,jp 'b8!P.

1 9 Account acci rd»

County of Dr.

To Cash received of

the Regimental or Bat-

talion Clerk, or

Receiver General, as the

Cafe Jhrdl be, for

Days Pay of Men }

Per Contra

Cr.

Paid

Militia Men 7

Days j

Paid additional Pay to

Corporals Days

ing ro ti t lol*

lowii^ J orai j

Which Account shall be signed by the said Captain, and countersigned by the Commanding Officer; and 10 *>y

such Captain shall, within ten Days after the Time of such Exercise, deliver such Account, and pay the t'T-

Balance, if there be any due, to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk; or, if Captain of an Independant co^mLidin#

Company, to the Receiver General: And such Accounts shall be allowed as sufficient Vouchers in the officer,

passing of the Accounts of such Receiver General, at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer. and dii.verei*,

vw itb the Kji-

Unce, to the Clerk, or Receiver General. Accounts allowed sufficient Vouchers.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Com- During the Time

pany of Militia, is or mall be embodied, and called out into actual Service, and thereby the.Officers and embodTed^anii

Private Militia Men are or shall be intitled to the fame Pay as the Officers and Private Men in his Ma- called'out into

jesty’s other Regiments of Foot receive, all Pay from the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax actual Servie*.

for the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company of Militia reocive pay

shall belong, whether to the Adjutants, Serjeants, Private Militia Men, or others; and all Money allowed 11

as aforesaid for the contingent Expences of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company of Mili- payC an^AiW-

tia; and also the Allowance to the Clerk of such Regiment or Battalion; shall, during such Time of actual ances from the

Service, and until such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company, shall be disembodied, and return Re;civm G.*ne.

Home by Order of their Commanding Officers, cease and not be paid. ral is toc^fc.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Receiver or Receivers of the Land Tax shall pay to the Clerk of Receivers Gene-

the General Meetings his Allowance, at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for each Meeting, upon his m to pay the

£roducing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from his Majesty’s Lieutenant, or from three Deputy £1,0*an£c?l®

.ieutenants assembled at some General Meeting or Meetings 5 and shall also pay to each and every of the

Clerks of the Subdtvision Meetings their several Allowances, at the Rate of oi>e Pound one Shilling for ings, and totKe

each Meeting, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from one or more Deputy Lieutenant or cier’k* of the

Deputy Lieutenants, assembled in the several Subdivision Meetings; which said Order or Orders shall be to Sutdivision

the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Meflnv*» ‘*P011

Allowances, and be allowed in his or their Account.

' tenant or Deputy Lieutenants. Orders to discharge Receivers General.

X. Provided always and be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia, shall

give Security to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, or Place, to

which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, by a Bond to his Majesty in the Penalty of one Half of the

Sum required for the whole Year’s Charge of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which such Cleik

shall belong, for duly answering and paying such Sums as he shall, from time to time, have received, and

for duly accounting for the fame, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in him reposed; which said

Bond shall be lodged in the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers General of che Land Tax for the respective

County, Riding, or Place, who, in case the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk shall not duly perform the

Conditions comprized in the said Pond, shall, and is hereby required forthwith to put the said Bond in Suit

in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; the Full Costs and Charges of which Suit, in case

Judgement shall be given against such Regimental or Battalion Clerk, shall be paid by him to the said Re-

ceiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, who shall likewise be intitled t'v, and receive to his or their

own Use, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum out of all such Monies as shall be by him or the n reco-

vered thereon; and shall account for the Kefidue thereof with the proper Auditor of his Majesty’s Reve-

nue; the said Receiver or Receiver? General of the Land Tax charging himself or themfdvcs therewith,

upon the next Account of the Land Tax to be by him or them parted.

Money recovered j the Refiduc to b- a cc ntcJ fci 1

Repiren'a! ?rd

Raralio* Clrrks

to givr Security

f >r paying and

accounting for

the Momts »e-

ceived by thr01

the Pool's to I i

lodged with 11 c

Receiver, Ct r c-

ral, an 1 y.: n

Si.ii V, ihrrv. on

Non rr'orrn-

r.c- of the C on.

ut i-*n; and t! tf

aro im 1 ;t]*Nj

fhc.t 1 pon to

Full Cot. anti

ar d 5 I.

P r Cert o. i-e

XI. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, and the Captain of Th-Rrrhr-r/.I

every InJrpendant Company of Militia, in every County, Riding, and piacc, within that Part of Great.no n

Britain r. ford a id, shall, between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty-fourth Day of June, one L:rrkf»rr 1 c:F'

thousand seven hundred and sixty-six,deliver to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the ti,ns’/!"dcrn-

County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company llir.l! bclcrg, a Siv-r in’

fair Account in Writing, of all Monies by him received and disturfed for the Service of the preceding Year, AcronnisoMe r

in pursuance of this Act, with proper Vouchers for the fame; and shall pay bac k to the said Receiver 01 R-rcVs ard

Receivers G?ncralof the Tax, any Surplus of such Monies that until then be in his Hands \ which D.fcjruu.ei:-*,

y ol. X* E e laid

