A.D. 1766.

Anno sexto Georgii III.

C. 21, 22. 173

or shall discontinue his or her Action, or in case Judgement shall be given for such Defendant or De-

fendants upon Demurrer, such Defendant shall be imifled to the like Colts as he would have been intitled

unto in case he had pleaded the General Issue only; and if upon Issue so joined, the Jury shall find that no

Amends were tendered, or that the fame were not sufficient, or shall find against the Defendant or Defen-

dants in such other Plea or Pleas, then they shall give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they

Cull think proper, which he or she shall recover, together with his or her Costs of Suit.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no such Plaintiff shall recover any Verdict against such Plaintiffs not to

Commissioner or Officer In any Cafe where the Action shall be grounded on any Act of the Defendant as recover un'cft

a Commissioner or Officer, unless it is proved upon the Trial o? such Action, that such Notice wa-s given *°ucc prov"

as aforesaid j but, in Default thereof, such Commissioner or Officer shall recover a Verdiil and Costs as

aforesaid

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Commissioner or Commissioner*

Officer shall neglect to tender any Amends, or shall have tendered inefficient Amends before the Action I30* Mofie*

brought, it shall and may be lawful for him, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any lDl° u,t*

Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall fee fit j whereupon such Pro-

ceedings, Orders, and Judgements shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions

where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, 7'hat no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff, Wh»tEvidenoe

on the Tiial of any such Action as aforesaid, of any Cause of Action, except such as is contained in the be

Not ice hereby diicdled to given.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of

brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pur- AAloft8*

fuance of this Act, furh Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Calendar Months next

after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the County of Derby, and

not chewhere; and the Deiendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Genera!1 Issue.

Hue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon 5 and if, the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ftuil become nonsuited, or discontinue such Action or Suit, or if, upon a Verdict or

Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall

and may k »*v.t Treble Costs, and have such Remedies for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants can Trcbl€Co^

or m.^y hive in any other Cu cs by Law.

XA'XVIL And be it turther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudg- Pvkhck Act*

ed, and taken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and

other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXL

An Act for redeeming one-third Part of the Remainder of the Joint Stock of Annuities, cfhblished by an

Act made in the third Year of hb present Majesty’s Reign, in respedi of several Navy, Victualling, and

Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland. $«■,f o«>.

IT 7 H F. R E A S the present Methods of loadingCoal Ships in the Ports of NiweqflleznA Sunderland\ Preamble,

are inconvenient to the Coal Trade :* For Remedy whereof, May it please your Majesty that it

truy be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-

fer t of the Lords Spiiitunl and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. and by the

Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June^ one thousand seven hundred and sixty- Regular and erna

fir, a'A Fitter?, Agents, or others, vending Sea Coals, and loading Ships with the fame, at the Ports of Vu°nbc0kc^

Aru v;y Ve anil Sunderland* shall keep regular and true Lifts of Ships entered at their resp^dtive Offices for Fliers and

loading of i-Il such Coals as they usually vend; which Lifts shall be hung up or placed in fornc conspicutnis A^-ntnf the

Pori f/t the respective Offices, in order that the fame may be inspedted by any Master or Mate of a Ship Ships cntrr?d at

irpUjrg f r the fame j and wdion the Mailer or Mate of any Ship which shall then be p.»ft or within two^,c,r TeW*ive

Mi.ro or irinn:outb Bar% or within two Miles of the Port or Harbour of Sunderland, as the Cafe may be, pJ.‘^ nA-’

ihaM apply to the Office of any such Fitter, Agent, or Vender of Coals, and make a Tender it) Cash, or RrevJutien*

n Hu nit Poll Bills, payable seven Days after Sight, to the Amount of the Coals at the respective Prices with reipecl to

the uvcral S(>rts of such Coals are then sold at, together whth the ulVal Chatges of carrying the fain'* from entering

11jc S'-iths to the Ship; such Ship shall be immediately entered in the Lift of such Fitter, Agent, or Y\ n- 10 Cuurfe.

dr' *>( Coals as aforesaid, next after the last Ship which shall then be entmd in such Lift, and Dial 1 be

1 in its due Turn by such Fitter, Agent, or Vender, at the Port of Arwca/tle or Sunderland jvfpec-

tt > Gy , or if the Matter or Mate of cny Ship, who shall so apply within the Port of Nru'cu/fley flnll p'o-

doce Lightermens Notes or Bills of Exchange to a sufficient Amount, and dtlire Time, not exceeding two

H -’its a trr fhc Bank at SencaJUe shall be open, in order to convert the fame h to C , Wh. lirh Snip fh..iI

hr r. ever the lets immediately entered upon such Lift; and if the Money or such bank Pott Itills as itore-

T'» the Amount of the Loading of Coals, and the Chirges as afoieuhd, shall be 't c»r tender* d to

th< Lod Fit.cr, Agent, or Vender, of Coals within the 'Lime aforesaid, iucu Ship thud have the fame'

Turn

