rt.D. 1767.

Anno septimo Georgii IIIi

C- 44- 3*3

Acceding one Month} tnd also to receive the Correction of the saidHouse, if the said Commiifioaersort0lBridc*',»

fell so think fit u order.

ftcelre the Correction of die House.

5CVt. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of HacknevCoach-

Jtugkjfty one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, if any Person who is or shall be duly licensed to let men

or drive for Hire any Hackney Coach, within the Limits aforesaid, shall be guilty of Milbcluviour in his b*e*

Employment, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three of them, either to revoke revoke//01,

such Coachman's Licence, or to inflict a Penalty not exceeding three Pounds, upon Conviction for every they n»y be

such Offence, to be paid to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; and if any fi'icj netexcced-

Eerlbn so convicted as aforesaid shall not be able, or shall refuse to pay the said Sum so to be imposed as to

mloicfaid, he flull be committed to his Majesty’s Workhouse of Bridewell* or some other House of Cor- ri^r.°talj if *<Jt

ruction, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of thirty Days. Paid,rthfy miy

be committed to feme House of Curre&ion, &c.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for every Far«of Hack-

or any licensed Hackney Coachman, or his Driver, to demand and take for his Hire, the Rate or Sum of n'y^'#ch for

twelve Shillings and lix Pence for a Day's Work or Hire, reckoning twelve Hours to the Day; any Thing J 17911 u

in the said tlcited Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to the con-

trary notwithstanding.

XV ILL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Hackney

A uplift, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, every licensed Hackney Coachman, or his Driver, Colch?s

who shall drive with any Hackney Coach on the Lord’s Day, shall be liable to do the like Work, as well workoVs^n-

without the Weekly Bills of Mortality as within the same, as such Coachman, or his Driver, is by this da/% ait/

or any former A dt compellable or liable to do on suiy other Day of the Week. other Day of the

Week.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Clauses in this present Cl <uses in the

Act, and in the several Acts of Parliament heretofore made and passed concerning Hackney Coaches and foT-

Chairs, as relates to the Jurisdictions, Powers, and Authorities, of the Commissioners for licensing and^ | cnk".

regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs; and of Justices of the Peace; and to the Rules, Penalties, and ney Coaches and

Forfeitures, Orders and Directions, in the fame A<fls, or any of them, mentioned; flnll be, and are Chain, rcU«in§

hereby, continued in full Force and Effect, for and during such further Time as any other Part of the said to the JurifJ c~

Acts, relating to the licensing of Hackney Coaches or Chairs, shall be in Force and have Continuance, taHT*

Justices, and to the Rales, Penalties, and Forfeitures, drc. continued,

9 XX. And Whereas it frequently happens, that many Persons have Occasion to inspedt the Register

9 Books of Carts, Cars, and Drays, required by Law to be kept by the said Commissioners, in order for

9 the more easy Discovery and bringing to Justice the Offenders against the Laws now in being relating to

9 the Drivers of such Carts, Cars, and Drays: And whereas no Directions are given by any of the said

9 Laws for the said Commissioners, or their Clerk keeping such Entry, to permit or suffer any Person to

9 inspedt the said Register Books, or to make or gwe out any Copy of such Entry or Entries be it there-

fore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, having reasonable Persons, hiflnj

Cause to inspedt such Register Books of Carts, Cars, or Drays, kept or to be hereafter kept by the said reasonabieCause,

Commissioners, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised to inspedt the fame; and the said Com- "c.

cnissioners, or their Clerks keeping such Register, is and are hereby directed and required, upon Request v.k*

of any Person or Persons having such reasonable cause to inspedt the fame, to produce the Register Book of Carts, Can,

or Books of such Carts, Cars, or Drays, and to make and give to such Person or Persons a true Copy or *nd Drays an4

CQpies of such Entry or Entries therein as shall be required; and the said Commissioners Clerk is herebyto ulcc CoPir#

fluthorifed to demand and receive for every such Search, and a Copy of every such Entry, the Sum of four ®f

Pence, and no more; and the like Sum where only such Search shall be made, although no Copy of such J.'pay*

jEnrrv shall be required. ...

XXI. And be it enacted, That no Writ or Writs of Certiorari shall superfede Execution or other Pro- No E»ectmm

reeding upon any Order or Orders made by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act; but thator

execution and Proceedings shall and may be had and made thereupon; any such Writ or Writs, Pr

Allowance thereof, notwithstanding. to be ruperfedej

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be by Comoran.

sued or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in purfinnee of this Act, he or they

shall and may plead the General Ifiue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, for his General UT»*

and their Defence; and if upon Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or Judgement

shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Demurrer; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be

nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Adiion, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared ;

then such Defendant and Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff Treble Coftf.

or Plaintiffs; for which Costs he and they shall have such Remedy for Recovery therewt, as any Defendant Former Art* ij

or Defendants hath or have in any other Cafes where by Law Colts are given to Defendants. & ifCir. a.

c. a. 5 W. Sc U.

c. *1. 6 & 7 W. 3. c. 18. T. 31. jo Ao. c. 19. f, 15S. *a An. St, t. c. 14. 1 Geo. St. a,c.47. 3 Geo. c.f, it Cco% c.«s. (, if, 17. 16Ge«.a.c.cS.

/. 3. 30 Geo. a. c. a*. C 6. 4 Geo. 3. c. 36.

3 A t

CAP.

