A. D. 1768: Anno odavo Georg 11III.‘ C. 2r. 463,

4 fefttve in many Respects, and further Powers have been found wanting;, without which the good Pur-

4 poses aforesaid cannot be effectuated : May it therefore pleafeyour Majesty, that it may be enacted $ and*

be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of ^heForTeft. tI|e

fame. That from and after the passing of this Act, the foie Powfcr and Authority of pitching, paving, power 0fPaving

cleaning, and enlightening, the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages and Places, with- in the Mayor,

in the said City of London, and Liberties thereof, shall be and the fame is hereby veiled in the Mayor and Commonalty,

Commonalty, and Citizens, of the said City, to be executed by such Persons as by the said Mayor, Alder-

men, and Commons, of the said City, in Common Council assembled (by virtue and in pursuance of an^

Act of Parliament made in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of King Charles the

Second, intituled. An Act for the better paving and 'cleansing the Streets and Sewers in and about the City of

London) now are, or hereafter from Time to Time shall be, authorised and appointed by them, to be

Commissioners of the Sewers for the said City and Liberties, or by any Seven or more of them ; which

said Persons, so from Time to Time authorised and appointed to be Commissioners of the Sewers for the

said City and Liberties, shall be, and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for carrying this Act into

Execution.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Authority of the said Commissioners forpr0vifr.

the Time being shall in no wife be suspended or taken away, faveby the Appointment from Time to Time

of new Commissioners of the Sewers lor the said City and Liberties.

III. Provided also, That the Recorder and Common Serjeant of the said City of London for the Time Recorder and

being, shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed Two of the Commissioners for carrying this Comm°n $«•-

Act into Execution. . ' ^nx}^J:9ndon^

IV. Provided alfp, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all the Powers and Authorities^0anc, Comm,f‘"

by this Act granted to, or vested in, the said Commissioners hereby constituted as aforesaid, shall and may, The Powers to

from Time to Time, be exercised by the Major Part of such of them as shall attend at any publick Meet- be exerdfed by

ing of the said Commissioners, to be holden as herein after mentioned, the Number of the said Commis-^c maj°r Pars

doners present at such public Meeting not being less than Seven (except for the Purpose of adjourning)

and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, of the major Part of the said Commissioners present at such public a‘t publick

Meeting, shall have the fame Force and Effeft~as if done or made by all the Commissioners constituted by Meeting.

this Act.

V. And it is hereby further declared and enacted, That the First publick Meeting of the said Commis- ,c*

(toners, to be had by virtue of and under this Act, shall be at such Time and Place as the Mayor of theMct ins*

said City shall think proper to order and appoint: And the said Mayor is hereby directed to order and ap-

point such First public Meeting to be held on or before the First Day of April next, and to cause the said

Commissioners to be summoned to attend the fame.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the major power toa^.

Part of the said Commissioners present at such First public Meeting, or at any subsequent public Meetingjourn.

of the said Commissioners (the Number so attending not being less than three) to adjourn such public

Meeting to any future Day and Time, and to any Place within the said City and Liberties.

VII. Provided always, That every Commissioner shall have Notice to attend at such adjourned public Prov^°*

Meeting, by the usual Summons from the Clerk to the said Commissioners.

VIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to Mayor to ap-

and for the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, from Time to Tinie, to appoint a publick Mcfct- P°im a P^lick

ing of the said Commissioners, at any Time and Place he shall judge proper for the Execution of this Meet,n8*

Act, notwithstanding any Adjournment or Non-adjournment of the said Commissioners, and shall cause

the Lid Commissioners to be summoned to attend the fame.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted. That the said Commissioners shall and may, from Time to Time,Commissioneri

at any of the said public Meetings, elect and appoint One or more Clerk or Clerks, and One or more Sur- to appoiot

veyoror Surveyors, and also such and so many other Officers as they shall find ncceftary for the due Exe-Clerks*

cutionof this Act (Fourteen Days Notice of their Intention to proceed to such Election or Appointment

having been first printed and published in Two or more of the Daily News Papers, and Notice thereof

being also expressed in the Summons for such public meeting) and the said Commissioners shall take such

Security as they shall think proper for the due Execution of such respective Offices ; and shall and may, ,

from lime to Time, remove any of .the said Officers at their Will and Pleasure, and appoint others in the

Room of such as shall die, or be removed as aforesaid : And the said Commissioners shall and may, out of

the Monies arising or toarife by virtue of this Act, appoint and pay such Salaries, Gratuities, ana Allow-

ances, as they shall judge reasonable, to such Officers, and to all such other Persons, as shall have been, or

shall be employed in, or aiding and assisting about, the Execution of this Act.

X. And it is hereby further enacted. That if any Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer or Servant, who (b^Hcitfks^r.

be employed by the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, shall exact, de-taking any Feu,

mand, take, or accept, any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatsoever (other than such Salaries, Allowances,

and Rewards, as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of, by the said Commissioners) for or on ac-

count of any Thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this Act ; or for forbearing to do any Thing hereby,

or by the said Commissioners, directed to be done, or on any Account whatsoever, relative to the Execu-

tion or Non-execution of this Act $ or shall any Way be concerned in Interest in any Bargain made, or to

1 be

