A.D. 1769'. Anno nono Georgii III. C. 32. 607

upon such Rate or Assesskient has been made, before he, (he, or they, shall have paid the fame, and shall

afterwards neglect or refuse to pay the fame when due; that then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, and every or any of

them, having first demanded such Rate or Assessment determined by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any One

or more Justices of the Peace acting in or for the said City of Roche/lery or County of Kmty (which

Warrant the said Justice or Justices are hereby required to grant; and such Warrant, in case the Party

liable to pay such Rate or Alfeftrnent shall be then removed out of the said City of Rochester and Parish of

Strood afore said, being" indorsed by some Magistrate in the County, City, or Liberty, where the Distrcfs

i$ to be made) to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing,

and the fame to fell, rendering the Overplus (if any such shall be) after deducing the reasonable Charges

and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels demanding the

fame.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons paying the Rates and Assessments persons paying

by this At! laid within the said Parishes respectively: shall be, and they and every of them is and areth s Rate cx-

hereby exempted and discharged from all other Payments and Penalties whatsoever which may or can becmPccd*

incurred by reason or means of their neglecting to pave, cleanse, light, or watch the fame respectively ;

any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

aXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or such Commissioners

Person or Persons as they, or any Fifteen or more of them, shall appoint, shall and may ered, or cause t0Toil“

to be.erected One Gate or Turnpike at the End of the new Road next to or near the Turnpike GatesacSj

now fixed on Chatham Hill, and another Gate at or near the Angel Inn in Strood, and no other Gate or

Gates whatsoever in or upon the said Streets or Roads, or any of them; and also a Toll-house to each

Gate or Turpike, with suitable Out-buildings thereto, as the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or

more of them, shall direct or appoint; and shall demand, receive, and take, at each of the said Toll-gates and tajte T0ut#

or Turnpikes the Tolls following, before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted

to pass through the fame ; that is to say,

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by Six Horses, or The Tolls*

other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling.

For every Coach or Carriage as aforesaid, or other Carriages not used in Husbandry, drawn by Four

Horses, or other Cattle, the Sum of Eight-pence.

For every Coach, Chaise, Berlin, Chariot, or other Carriage, not used in Husbandry, drawn by Two

Horses, or other Cattle, the Sum of Six-pence.

For every Waggon, Cart, Wain, or other Carriage, used in Husbandry, drawn by Four Horses, or

other Cattle, the Sum of Six-pence $ and if drawn by Three or Two Horses, or other Cattle, the Sura

of Four-pence.

For every Chaise, or other Carriage whatsoever, drawn by One Horse, the Sum of Two-pence.

And for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of

One Penny.

w

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of and for a Street

Toll, over and above and exclusive of all other Tolls which are or shall be authorised to be taken and

collected by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now subsisting for repairing the Roads; and the said

Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, are hereby impowered by themselves, or by any Person

or Persons by them, or any Nine or more of them, thereunto authorised at any Meeting, to levy the

Toll hereby required to be paid upon any Person or Persons who shall, after Demand thereof made, ne-

gled or refuse to pay the fame as aforesaid, or to deny or hinder any Passage through any of tae said

Turnpikes until Payment thereof; which said Toll shall and may be levied by Distrcfs of any Horse Tolls maybe"’

or Horses, or other Cattle, upon which the Toll is by this Act imposed, or upon any of the Goods and,evitdb.v Distrcf*

Chattels of such Person or Persons who ought to pay the fame; and all such Horses, Cattle, or Goodsand Sulc*

may be detained until such Toll, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress, shall be paid; and it

shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so distraining, after the Space of Five Days after such Distrcfs may

made or taken, to fell the Horse or Horses, Cattle, Goods, or Chattels so distrained, rendering to the^dsafter Flve

Owner or Owners thereof the Overplus, upon Demand, after Satisf.rdion of the said Toll, and the rea- avs*

fpnable Charges in making such Distress, Keeping, and Sale, shall be fully paid and fa: is lied.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall Toll to bepaM

be liable to pay the said Street Toll more than Once for passing at any Time or Times on the same Day b jt Once a Day,

with the fame Cattle and Carriage; but all and every Person and Persons, after having p id (ueh Toll

Once as aforesaid, and who shall return the same Day before Twelve of the Clock at Night, shall pais Toll-

free with the fame Cattle and Carriage through the Gate or Turnpike at which any such 'Toll was pai l,

upon producing a No e or Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll; which Notes or Tickets the Col-

ledors of the said Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of such Tolls.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority afor daid, That no Gate or No Td’-gatr to

Turnpike shall be erected or set up by virtue of this Act, nor shal! any Person be subject to any of the^t up until

Rates, Afleiiments, or Tolls, hereby directed to be raised, aileiieJ, or grained, until the Sum of Four £o1, arc lub’

Lhouiandkr;bed-

Tiooooie

