D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. C. 20. 673

Days after such Vacancy shall happen ; and the Commissioners assembled, pursuant to such Summons, or

the major Part of them, shall nominate and appoint another fit and able Rerfon to be Clerk of the said

Court during his good Behaviour.

XII. And be* it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That th^’several Fees hereafter limited and

expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the said Clerk, and the said Serjeants at Mace, for their several

and respective Services in the Execution of this A<3 * that is to say,

For entering the Cause, to the Clerk - -

For issuing every Summons, to the Clerk - -

For Service of every Summons, and attending the Court with Return, to the Serjeant

For every Hearing, to the Clerk - -

For every Order, to the Clerk - - -

For entering every Order, and making a Copy if requireil, to the Clerk -

For the Service of every Order against a Party not in Court, and attending with Return,

Serjeant - - -----

Fora Nonfuiton the Plaintiff's not appearing, to the Clerk - - -

For acknowledging Satisfaction, to the Clerk -

For an Execution, to the Clerk - - - - -

For Service thereof, to the Serjeant -

For a Subpoena, to the Clerk - - , -

For the Service thereof, to the Serjeant -

For paying Money into Court, if by twenty Payments or less, to the Clerk

For paying Money into Court, if more than Twenty Payments, to the Clerk

For every Search of the Books, to the Clerk -

For every Person committed for insulting the Court, to the Clerk

For every such Person, to the Serjeant - - -

to the J

x. d.

q fy Tible of Fees.

O 6

; i

o 6

o 6

o 6

o 4

0 6

1 o

i o

o 6

O 2

0 6

1 o

O 2

o 6

o 6

A Table of which Fees shall, from Time to Time, be hung up by the Clerk of the said Court, in fomeTobehung

conspicuous Part of the said Court or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, so that all Persons uPio the Court,

who shall attend the said Court may fee and read the fame.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Clerk of the said Coutt for Punirtiment of

the Time being, or his Dcputv, or the said Serjeants, or any of them, or any Person employed by or under °tl?cerpt*sklI!g

them, or any of them, shall talce or demand any greater or other Fee or Fees than as above mentioned, upon thofeaUowed

Complaint and due Proof thereof upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses

made in open Court, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them (being a Majority of the said

Court) shall, and are hereby impowered and required, from Time to Time, to punish such Offender, by

Fine, not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Ten Shillings, for One Offence, to be levied by Piftrels

and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commis-

sioners, or any Three or more of them, rendering to the Owner the Overplus (if any) after the Charges

of such Distress and Sale are deduced ; which Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Chamberlain,

of the said Borough for the Use of the Mayor arid Burgesses of King's Lynn aforesaid, in like Manner as other

Fines within the said Borough are, and have been usually paid ; and if the said Clerk of the said Court for

the Time being shall be guilty of any notorious Mifbchaviour, either by continually or frequently taking or

demanding greater or other P ees than as aforesaid. or any otherwise, upon Complaint made, the said Com-?

missioners, or any Three or more of them, shall, in open Court, hear and inauire into the Matters of the

said Misbehaviour, by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and shall, if they

(being a Majority of the said Court) shall think fit, certify the Particulars of the said Misbehaviour, with

the Proofs thereof, unto the Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being* who shall thereupon cause all

the said Commissioners to be summoned to meet at a convenient Time and Place, and shall lay the fame be-

fore the Commissioners assembled pursuant to such Summons, who shall take the fame into Consideration,

and may, according to their Discretion, suspend or remove the said Clerk so offending from his said Office,

and nominate and appoint another fit and able Person to exercise the said Office in his Place and

Stead.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Commissioners of the said Commissionew

Court for the Time being, shall be a Party to, or interested in any Cause depending in the said Court,

such Person shall not be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the hearing and determining the said Cause,

or making any Order, Decree, or Judgement therein ; but after being heard in the said Cause, shall with-

draw until the fame is finally determined : And if the Clerk of the said Court, or any other of the Officers

thereof, for the Time being, shall be a Party to, or interested in any Cause depending in the said Court,

such Clerk or other Officer shall not exercise his said Office in the said Cause, or any Thing relating

thereto; but the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, assembled at such Court (being a

Majority of the said Court) shall and may appoint another Person to exercise the Office of such Clerk,

or other Officer respectively, in all Things relating to such Cause ; and no Clerk or other Officer of the

said Court of Requests, so long as they reipcctively continue in such Office, shall be capable of acting as a

Commissioner of the said Court.

XV. And, for the more eftcctual Establishment of the said Court, and that the Commissioners thereof Persontinfulting

may be vested with a proper Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse \ be it enacted by tl,eCou*l»

. Voi* X. 4 R the

.

