24+ C. 38. Anno fextp Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

c repealing the fevtralRates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights; and for granting to his Majesty

4 other Kates and Duties upon Haufes, Windows, or Lights^ and for raying the Sum of four millions four hun-

4 dred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties / and all and every the Powers,

Power*, &c. of Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, now in Fovce, and

the recited Arts not hereby altered, contained in the said five several Acts of Parliament, or any of them, for the railing,

ex^ehded to this levying, collecting, and paying, the Rates and Duties thereby granted, shall be iir fidl Force, and be duly

. observed, practised, and put in Execution, throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, for ratting,

' levying, collecting, and paying, the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, and upon Windows, or Lights,

by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame, or the like Powers,

Authorities, Rdes, Directions, Penalties^ Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly

repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

C^mmiffiooert VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners authorized for

for tbt recited putting in Execution the said five former Acts, or any of them, for all and every th© respective Counties,

Acts to meet for Shires, StewartrLes, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, within

thfi AfTortor Great Britain, shall meet together at the most usual and common Place of Meeting within such Counties*

belbre 11 Oft, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Ckies, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, within

1766* Great Britain, on or before the eleventh Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six; and

shall then divide themselves to act in separate Districts, and proceed in the Execution of this profent Act,

for assessing, raising, levying, and collecting, the Dudes hereby granted, in such and the same Manner*

to all Intents and Krrposes, as are preferred by the said five former Acts, or any of them, with respe&

to the Rates and Duties thereby imposed, except such Parts only of the said Acts as are hereby altered.

Separate Assess- IX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That separate Assess-

rnent* to be merits shall he made out, for raising the Dudes hereby imposed, from the said tenth Day of October, one

made out for thousand seven hundred and sixty-nx, to the sixth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-

artd 1u>Dbeie,rti. I*11» which Assessments shall be certified by the Afieffors, and returned by them to the said Commission-

fied and returned on °* before the third Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fiity-six: and riiat the Sur-

by Dec. 1766. veyors of the said Duties shall and may, on or before the twentieth Day of February, one thousand seven

Surveyor! to hundred and sixty-seven, certify their Surcharges, lor raising the said Dudes for the said Half Year, to the

certify their feu) Commissioners; and that all Appeals, in pefpeft to the said Half Year’s Assessmems, shall and may be

theHdf Ye r’* beard and determined between the sixth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and

AssessmentTy* fbJB fourth Day of April following; and that the said Comnvissioners shall cause true Duplicates of the said

so Feb. 1767. Assessments, for the said Half Year, to be made out, delivered, and transmitted, in such Manner as io

Appeals to be directed by any of the said former Acts with respect to the Duplicates of the Assessments therein mentioned

aUT* b*twc4li and that from and after the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, the Duties

Aprlf^ips”.4 hereby granted shall be assessed annually for one whole Year, to commence from the fifth Day of April in

Duplicates of the each Year.

Aflcftments to be traafoitted as formerly. After ( April, 1767, the Afbfixneots to be nude far the whole Yeor.

Monies anting

by the former

Rates to be ap-

plied as the

present.

97,485!. 6 d.

X. And be it 'further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies which shall have art fen

by the Rates and Duties granted by the said former Acts, upon Houses, and Windows, or Lights, and shall

be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, after the said tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hun-

dred and sixty-fix9 shall be applied in such Manner as the Rates and Duties hereby granted are directed to

be applied.

XL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day of

38* to be yesrly October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-flx, there shall be reserved and set apart, at the Receipt of

Rates Majesty’s Exchequer, and applied to the Fund commonly called The General or Aggregate Fund, out of

to^heSinking the &atcs and Duties hereby granted, the yearly Sum of ninety-one thousand four hundred and eighty-five

Fond, in lieu of Pounds and six Pence three Farthings, in lieu of the like yearly Sum, which by the said first-mentioned

the like Sum Act, made in the twentieth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, was directed to be set apart and applied,

payable thereout jn Jjfce Manner, out of the Rates and Duties thereby granted, towards paying the several Annuities, and

aoGeoV £ a. ot^cr Foments, charged on the said Fund, in such Manner as is therein mentioned.

99 . < j£j|# And whereas the Rates and Duties upon Houses and Windows, or Lights, granted by the said

. 4 Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, were, together with certain other

1 d’.^and 1 Duties, made a Fund for Payment of the Annuities thereby established; it is therefore necessary that Part

to be referred * of the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, lhauld be applied towards Payment of the said Annuities,

annually at the in lieu of the said Rates and Duties; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and

exchequer out of after the said tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, the yearly Sum of ninety-

towards three thousand two hundred and seventeen Pounds ten Shillings one Penny and one-sixth Part of a Penny,

the*Annuiti«f being the Amount of the annual Produce of the said Rates and Duties, upon a Medium of six Years last

established by Act past, shall be also reserved and set apart at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the Rates and Duties

3* Geo. 2.c.». hereby granted, and shall be applied towards paying the Annuities established by the said Act.

Surplus Monies XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Residue of the Produce of the

to be carried into said Rates and Duties shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund,

the Sinking in lieu of such Part of the Rates and Duties hereby repealed, as are applicable to such Fund; and also

Fund; towards making good to the fame Fund, the Payment of such Annuities as shall be charged thereupon

by any Act of this Session of Parliament.

4 AlV. And whereas a certain Annuity or yearly Sum of seventy-four thousand three hundred and

4 thirty-four Pounds and eleven Pence was made payable to the South Sea Company, out of certain Rates

4 and

