164 C. 17.

Anno sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1766.

May tender

Au.Cttd?.

Writ or Process shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at the usual PJace of his or their

Abode, by the Attorney or Agent for the Party who intends to ftie, or cause the fame to be sued or

served, at least one Calendar Month before the filing out or serving the fame; in which Notice shall be

clearly and explicitly contained the Cause of Action which such Paity hath, or claimeth to hare, against

such Commissioner or Officer; on the Back of which Notice shall be indorsed the Name of such Attorney

or Agent, together with the Place of his Abode; who shall be intitled to have the Fee of twenty Shil-

i.i gs for the preparing and serving of such Notice, and no more.

XX VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to

and for such Commissioner or Officer, at any Time within one Calendar Month after such Notice given

as aforesaid, to tender Amends to the Party complaining, or to his Attorney or Agont; and, in case the

fame shall not be accepted, to plead such Tender >n Bir to any-Action to be brought against him

grounded on such Writ or Process, together with the Plea of Not Guilty, and any other Plea with Leave

of the Court; and if upon Issue joneJ thereon, the Jury shall find the Amends so tendered to have been

sufficient, then they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant; and in such Cafe, or in case the Plaintiff

shall become uonfuittd, or shall discontinue his or her Action, or in case Judgement dull be given for

such Defendant or Defendants, upon Demurrer, such Defendant shall be intitled to the like Costs as be

would have been intitled unto in case he had pleaded the General Issue only; and if upon Issue so joined,

the Jury shall find that no Amends were tendered, or that the fame were not sufficient, or shall find

against the Defendant or Defendants in such other Plea or Pleas, then they shall give a Verdict: for the

Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper, which he or she shall recover, together with his

or her Costs of Suit.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no such Plaintiff shall recover any Verdict against such Com-

missioner or Officer in any Cafe where the Action shall be grounded on any Act of the Defendantasa

Commissioner or Officer, unless it is proved upon the Trial of such Action, that such Notice was given

as aforesaid; but in Default thereof, such Commissioner or Officer shall recover a Verdict and Costs

as aforesaid.

Comnvflmners XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Commissioner or Officer

P*? M°ncy (ha]i neglect to tender any Amends, or shall have tendered insufficient Amends before the Action brought,

into Court. ;t flla|i an(j may JawFuI for him, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time

before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall fee fit; whereupon such Proceed-

ings, Orders, and Judgements, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions

where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Cause of Action XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff on

to l.jnfencdinrheTrial of any such Action as aforesaid, of any Cause of Action, except such as is contained in the

the Notice. Notice hereby directed to be given.

Publick a a. XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged,

and taken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, or

other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded.

Plaintiff* not to

retover unless

Noiice proved.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for explaining and amending so much of an Act made in the first Year of the Reign

of King James the Second, intituled, An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage, as

relates to the City of London.

Preamble, te- < WHEREAS by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King James the

Aa^i lac!* W Second, intituled, An additional Improvement of Tillage, it is enacted, That from and after the

c * 4 Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel then next, and from thence forward, it shall and may be lawful to

and for all and every the Justices of the Peace for the several and respective Counties within his Ma-

4 jesty’s Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales y and the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy wherein Foreign

4 Corn or Grain shall or may be thereafter imported, and they, and every of them, are thereby enjoined

and required, at their next respective Quarter Sessions after Michaelmas and Easter Dayr yearly, by the

4 Oaths of two or more honest and substantial Persons of the respective Counties, being neither Merchant!

4 nor Factors for the importing of Corn, nor any Ways concerned nor interested in the Corn so imported,

and each of them having a freehold Estate of twenty Pounds per Annum, or a Leasehold Estate of fifty

4 Pounds per Annumy above all Charges and Reprizes, and being skilful in the Prices of Corn (whion

4 Oaths all and every the said Justices are thereby impowered to administer) and, by such other Ways and

4 Means as to them shall seem fit, to examine and determine the Common Market Prices of middling

a*) Alt 22 Car. « Engli/b Corn and Grain of the respective Sorts mentioned in an Act of Parliament made in the two and

s. c. 13. < twentieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Improvement of Tillage and

the Breed of Cattle, as the fame shall be commonly bought and sold in the said respective Counties into

4 which any Foreign Corn or Grain shall be imported; and to certify the fame, with two such Oaths

4 made as aforesaid, in Writing annexed, unto his Majesty’s Chief Officer and Collector of the Custotns

4 for the time bring, residing in the said i*espective Ports or Havens where the said Corn or Grain shall

4 be imported, to be hung up in some publick Place in the Custom House, to which all Persons may

€ resort for their Information; And it is thereby further enacted, That from and after the said Feast of

S Saint

