A. D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. G. 42; 639

teen Days after such Default of Payment, Refusal, Neglect, or Omissionj. to Him or them made, to certifythc r*m« »*> hc

the fame in Writing, signed by him or them respectiVe'y, with the-Reason or Cause thereof, unto the

Clerk of the Peace of every such County or Place wherein the fame shall happen 5 and then, and inpc^e.° c

every such Cafe, every such Clerk of the Peace shall, and he is hereby required, within Fourteen Days

after, to certify the fame to the Solicitor of the Treasury ; and, in Failure thereof, every such Clerk ofandhy him to

the Peace shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pav the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, to any Person tv‘c s^*c»for

who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westm'injler, or the Courts P^on PtnTity o/

Great Section in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, J^ancafln,2ool.

and Durham, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be

allowed ; and shall also forfeit his Office, and shall be rendered incapable of having, receiving, or holding and forfeiting his

any Office of Trust, Civil or Military, under the Government ; and the Solicitor of the Treasury. oh Office, and be ng.

the Receipt of such Certificate, is hereby directed and required forthwith to proceed, by all such legal ,n^aPac:Ut^d'

Ways and Means as may be requisite and most effectual, to compel the Payment of such Sum and Sums x eaAuy toccm-

of Money, and also to compel such Persons as shall so refuse, neglect, or omit, to perform his or their peiPaymentSj&c..

Duty as aforesaid, to act in obedience to, and in pursuance ofr the Direction of this A ft, and to carry

the fame into full and compleat Execution.

XLII. And be it enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peaceshall refuse or neglect to receive, deliver, file, £lerk of the

make, record, or transmit such Certificates, as aforefard. or any of them, according to the true Intent andh^Duty fox-*'

Meaning of this Act, every such Clerk of the Peace, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit le\ta 500i#

and pay the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds, to any Person who shall inform or sue for the same in any of

His Majesty’s Courts of Record at 1WJlminster, or the Courts of Great Sessions in the Principality of

Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham, wherein no Essoin,

Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and shall also forfeitand ^Office,

his Office, and shall be rendered incapable of having, receiving, or holding, any Office of Trust, Civil or ^dls ,ncapaci^

Military, under the Government.

XLUL And it is enacted, That if any Receiver General, orTreasurer, shall wilfully omit, neglect, or Receiver Crne-

refule to do any such Act or Acts as are required to be done by him or them for the better and more0"™1* neglecting*,

eft’eftual carrying this Act into Execution j every such Receiver General or 7'rcafurer, so offending, shall h,s Dut/>

for every fuen Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of 7'wo hundred Pounds, to any Person who shall inform fuifcits *coJ,

or sue for the same, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVcJlminJhv, or the Courts of Great

Sessions in the Principality of IVal s, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and

JDurhamy wherein .no Eltoin, Protection, Wager of nor more than .One Imparlance shall be

allowed.

XLW. And be it enacted, That if any Chief Constable shall willfully omit, neglect, or refuse, to dochicf Const-bkr

any such Act or Acts as are required to be done by him for the better and more effectual carrying this Act S

into Execution, every such Chief Constable, so offending, foall, for every such Offence, forfeiTand pay, _0ujy °* C!t*

to arvy 'Person who will informant! sue for the same, the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and every Petty Constable and Petty Co»-

*nd other Person who shall in like Manner offend, shall, for every such Offence, in like Manner forfeit table act»

.and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; to be recovered .and levied jn Manner herein after mentioned and

.directed.

XLV. And be it enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, the Manner Rec/)V*y of.

of Recovery whereof is not in this Act particularly provided for, shall, on Proof upon Oath of Offence F,nei.> PenaIt5'’>

before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied wnhcrc°LVot'her*-

by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuchwife diiided,

Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) ,on Demand, after deducting. the Charges of such Distress and

Sale, to the Offender upon whom such Distress shall have been made; and where the Goods and Chattels

of such Offender shall not be sufficient to answer such Distress,. such Justice is hereby required to commit

such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County qr Place where the Offence shall have been committed,

for any Time not exceeding Three Months.

XLV7. And be it further enacted, That the Solicitor to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Comm if-Solicitor of tfc

sioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for the 7'ime being, shall, and he is hereby directed and required, with l rcj,ul>to ?;ow

all due Diligence, to prosecute with Effect all such Justices of the Peace, Receivers General, Treasurers,

and other Persons, who shall omit, neglect, or refuie to perform their Duty, as aforesaid, to carry this Act jLcV.Urs c<r, e-

into Execution ; and to raise the said Sum of Five Pounds per Man in every such County or Place where rai, Trcnuiers,.

the Militia shall not have been raised, or shall not continue to be raised, according.to the true Intent andolilers*

Meaning of this Act ; and caufo the fame to be paid into his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, as herein l>c- thciV

fore directed and required : And if the Solicitor to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Commissioners of July J

His Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being, shall wilfully omit, neglect, or refuse to proceed against such

Justices of the Peace, Receivers General, Treasurers, or other Persons, or shall wilfully delay to proceed,

er shall not prosecute with all due Diligence and Expedition ; then such Solicitor of the Treasury so off end-

ing shall, for every fhcb Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to any Persons who on P^lry of

shall inform or sue for the lame in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at WeJltninJUr, or the Courts 5ooI#. 'or aiT

of Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lcuicajier, 4

and Durham^, wherein JUxEfioin,Pioteftion, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be

allowed

