A.D. 1769. Anno irono Georgii III.. C. 42. 635

Mis Majesty *s Lieutenant of the said County or Place, or any Three Deputy Lieutenants thereof, any»n<* file the

such Certificate as is herein before directed to be by them made; and such Clerk of the Peace is hereby(imCt

directed to file such Certificate amongst the Records of such Sessions.

XX. And be it enacted, That in all Counties and Places where the Militia shall not be raised, the where the Mu

Sum of Five Pounds shall be annually paid, for and in lieu of every Private Militia Man directed to be1'*'4 not bc

raised wi.hin the fame; and that in every County and Place where no such Certificate shall be made by Man!»to be"*

H is Majesty s Lieutenant, or Three Deputy Lieutenants, in Munner herein before directed, and the fame nuaily paid in

shall be certified by the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace of every such County lie» thereof; and

or Place shall, and they are hereby required, at their said General Quarter-sessions of the Peace to ber? "here no Ccr-

h.Id next after the Twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year, to rate and act'efs the Sum of

Pounds per Man upon such County or Place, in such and the same Manner, and according to such and *eflion*

the fame Proportions upon every Town, Parish, and Place within each respective County and Place,rate the County

and to be levied, collected, received, and paid, and to be accounted for in such Manner, and by such pr Place actord-

Means, with such Powers of Distress, and other Remedies for enforcing the Collection and Payment1"*1?’

thereof, and for punishing all Persons whose Duty it {hall be to collect or account for the fame, and

make Default therein, as the County Rates have been usually, or may, by an Act made in the Twelfth

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, 1 An Act for the easy assessing, collecting, and levying

% of County Rates,* or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, be assessed, collected, received, levied,

paid, and accounted for within the said County.

XXI. Provided always. That every Person, being duly qualified according to the Directions of this Officer* mho

Act, who shall have served as an Officer in any Corps of Militia raised within the Kingdom for theblvc f"fcd Four

Space of Four Years; or who shall be actually serving as a Officer in any Corps of Militia; or

shall offer himself, by Writing under his Hand, in Manner as in and by the said in Part recited Act of serving; or rtuU

the Second Year of His present Majesty is directed and required, to serve as an Officer in the Militia of«ffer to serve;

2ny County, Riding, or Place where the Militia hath not been raised, or shall not be raised, and shall be

.ready and willing to serve, when required, in any Rank for which he is duly qualified, shall not be liable*^ exempted

to pay any Part or Share of such Rate or AffdTment, for raising the Sum of Five Pounds per Man, here-f,onJ pa[,nf l°-

in above directed to be raised; nor shall such Person, or any of His Lands, Tenements, and Htredita-

ments, wheresoever situated, be assessed or charged thereto; and the Defficiency thereby occasioned, filched thcicu>*

raising the whole Amount of such Sum or Sums of Five Pounds per Man on such County, Riding, or

Place, as is hereby directed and required to be raised, shall, in such Cafe, be allowed to such County, Allowing ro b#

Riding, or 1 lace, by deducting the Amount of the Sums which otherwise would have been charged andm*fe according-

assessed on such Person or Persons having served, or serving or offering to serve as aforesaid, or on his or1? in the

their Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, from the gross Amount of the Sum or Sums of Five Poundsfor *uchPcr*°ns-

per Man herein before directed to be raised on such County, Riding, or Place which shall not have raised

the Militia, or which (hull not continue to raise the Militia, pursuant to the Acts in this Cafe made and

provided.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Person who filial claim to have the Benefit of B<* Person*

such Exemption from such F*ate and Afi'effment as aforesaid, shall file a Certificate, as herein after isfuch

mentioned, of such Service, or of his having offered to serve, as the Cafe may be, with the Clerk of the "^Afe

Peace for the County or Place wherein such Person shall claim to have such Exemption; and shall aJfocertificate* with

deliver in to such Clerk of the Peace, from Time to Time as may be nec; flary, a Roll or Lift, signed the Cierlc of the

by such Persons claiming such Exemption, of his Tenants and Farmers, and the Places of their Abode: l>cacc> *nd dsh.

which Certificate,'and Roll or Lilt, every such Clerk ol the Peace shall, and he is hereby required forthwith

to file amongst the Records of Session; and whenever any Rate or Assess'ment is or shall be ordered to be^jparme*.*

raifetl, levied, or collected within any County or Place for the Purposes of railing the Sum of Five Pounds which is ro be

per Man, as by this Act is directed, such Clerk of the Peace shall, and is hereby required to certify tolled; and on

the Treasurer or Treasurers, and High Constables of every such County or Place, the Names of all such

Persons who shall have so filed such Certificates, and claimedduch Exemption, and the Names of theironheVaid

Tenants and P'armers so inserted in such Roll or Lift; and such Treasurer or Treasurers, and High Con-fan* art t6 be"

(tables, is and are hereby required to transmit such Certificate, and Roll or Lift, to the Petty Constableie to th«

of each Township or Place wherein the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of such Person claiming l rtfa1ut" ao4f

to be exempted, are situate and lay; in order that such Person or Persons as are intitled thereto, and his

and their Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall not be assessed or charged to such Rate or^j^h/cernfiV

Assessment. ' . cate and Roll f

’ tl e Pe ty Corftjble, that tkty may be exempted accordingly.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every Lieutenant of any County or Place shall and he is hereby re-Certificates of

quired to give, without Delay, unto every Person who (lull have served as an Officer in the Militia fors*1? rl° £r

the Term of Four Years, or who shall be actually serving as an Officer in any Corps of Militia, and who^'K?n7>r^r c«

DialX request the fame, a Certificate thereof, as the Cafe may be, and as many Certificates as such Person uu.r Exemption,

may delire, in order to exempt him and his Land?, Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid; and eve-

ry such Lieu.cnant, or every Justice of the Peace, Chief Magistrate, and other Person or Persons, to1,;d a!so to

whom any Person or Peril ns lo qualified as aforesaid, shall offer as aforesaid to serve as an Officer in thcj,“*n,”^vcwt*

Militia, (nail, and he and they are hereby required to give, without Delay, in like Manner, a Certificate

thereof, or as many Certificates thereof as shall be requisite for the Purposes aforesaid.

4 M 2 XXIY\

