A. D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. C. 25. 727

XVI. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to Jmpbweror oblige the Extn Pavement*

said Commissioners to make any other Pavements in the Street or Place called The Above Bar, within the toteraarte^nAii

said Ward of All Saints, extra, than a Foot-pavement from the Corner of Heundwel!-la*e on the East Side 61,0 * a

of the said Street called The Above Bar, to the North Corner of a certain Stable* now belonging to and in

the Possoffion of Charles Gore Esquire, on the fame East Side ; and from the South Corner of the George

Inn on the Weft Side of the fame Street, to the North Comer of a certain Stable* now belonging to and ih

the Post'ession of Richard Collins Esquire, on the fame Weft Side; with Croffings at such Places as the said

Commissioners, or any Seven oY* moreof them, shall think proper ; and also Horse-flatners from the North

End of the Postern on the East Side of the Bar Gate, across and unto the North Corner of the said

Mound well-lane.

XVII. Provided also* That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the paving, repairing* or ComiRiflinnen

cleaning of the Water-gate Quay, or the Weft Quay, in the said Town or Liberties, or eithernot °^ed to

Of them ' pa?e ibeQuaya

XVIII. Provided also* That nothing in this Act contained shall extend1 to oblige the said Commis- norPaffjge from

sioners to pave a certain Way orPaflage behind the Walls* leading from Eqftgate to Bridewell; neverthe- East-gateco

Jess that the said Way or Passage shall and may be pitched or gravelled, and from Time to Time cleahfed Bridewell ;

and kept in Repair, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Sseven or more of them, shall order

and direct.

XIX. Provided also* That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to impower or oblige the said Com- P|*ee« here

missioners to light or watch, or to pave, repair, or cleanse any Street or Highway lying within the said naentionej.

Ward called East-Jireet and Bag-row, nor to either of the Highways callec\^Moun dwell-lane, and IVindmill-

lane, nor to the Carriage-way of any Street or High-way, being Part of any Turn pike-road, or to obstruct

the Trustees in the Execution of any Act of Parliament made for the Repair of such Turnpike-

road* otherwise than is in and by this Act particularly directed with respect to FoOt-ways and

Croffings. '

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted* That ifat any Time hereafter Two-thirds of the Propria On w!»e Condi-

ctors of the Houses (handing and being within the said Ward of East-street and Bag-row, shall be desirous totion Eart-ftrwt

take the Benefit of this Act* and to have the fame lighted and watched, and also to have a Foot-pavement *n10*-*ow

made from the Foot of the Bridge on the East Side of the East-gate, to tie Church called Saint Mary’s

Church ; and that the fame should be made and repaired* cleansed and kept free from Nuisances, Annoyan- ^ tfoconimri-

ccs* and other Obstructions ; and shall signify the fame under their Hands to the said Commissioners* or

any Seven or more of them, and the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them shall appiovc there*-

of; then all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted shall extend, and have relation as Well to the

said Foot-pavement, as to the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages

herein before mentioned, as fully and effectually as if the fame had bfcen herein before inserted and directed

any Thing, herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided also. That before any Rate or Assessinenc (hallbemade for thePurposes of defray in# the the Propri-.

Charges of the said Foot-pavement, or of purchasing Lamps, or building Watch-houses or Stands, to be etors thtr: at

placed or erected in East-street and Bag-row \ it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, rated ;

or any Seven or more of them, to rate and assess all and every the Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens;

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in East-street and Bag-row (except as aforesaid) towards thfe

Costs and Charges of obtaining this Act, in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Proprietors of the said

Houses, Buildings, Yards* Gardens* Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments would have been liable to

pay* if they had been originally included in this Act, and had been rated and assisted irt pursuance there-

of ; and also to raise* by the like Rates and Assessments, such further Sum or Sums as the Proprietors last

above mentioned would have been liable to pay, if they had been included, from Time to Time, in the

several Rates and Assessments made for paving, cleansing, repairing, lighting, and watching by virtue oi

this Act : Which said several Sums of Money so to be raised as aforesaid, shall be paid and appropriated by

the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, in the same Manner as the Monies tobe raised, by

the other Rates and A ill* Aments, are by this Act directed to be applied.

XXII. Provided also. That the said Rates and AiTeflments, and also the Rates and Assessmenrs for mak- f.

ing the said Foot-pavement, purchasing the said Lamps* and building the said Watch-houses and Stands for ^j^(u

the First Time, shall be imposed on* raised, and paid by the same Person and in the same Manner as the pL«f.Um

Rates and Assessments for paving, repairing, cleansing* fighting, and watching the other Streets, Squares,

Lancs* Couits, Ways, and other publick Passages in the said Town and Liberties thereof are herein di-

rected to be imposed* raised* and paid for the First Time.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences attending the procuring and patting

of this Act, and of the paving, pitching, and putting in Repair the said Streets, Squares* Lanes* Courts, able to ti t i tfr

Ways, and other publick Pauages by virtue of this Act, and for the First Time be a Charge on, and shall K.ue.

Uj raised and paid by the several Owners and Proprietors of the several Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens,

Lands, Tenements*, and Hereditaments within the said several Wards and Parishes of Saint Michael, and

S lint John, Holy Rhood, Saint Lawrence* All Saints within the Bar, and All Saints without the Bar, in the

said Town and Liberties of the fame; and aKb by the Owners and Proprietors of the Wharfs, Storehouses,

Houses, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate upon any of the Quays

within the said 1 own, and Liberties of the fame (Gardens used by Gardeners in their Trade, and Arable*

Meadow, and Pasture Lands only excepted) in the Manner and at the Times herein after mentioned

(that is to say) That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Fourteen or more

of them, and they arc hereby impowered and required* when and as soon as any One of the said Streets shall

be paved, pitched, and finished, and not before, to make, aliefs, and impoie an equal Pound-rate on all

2 and

