19 8 C. 2 5.

Anno sexto Georgii III.

A.D. 1766.

'General IiTue.

;PooUs may be deemed and taken to be original Orders ; which said Book or Books shall and may be produced and rad

. re-om Evidence jn Kvidence in all Courts what lower.

Proceeding not XC. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceedings to be had touching

to be quaihei for the Conviction et any Oficnder or Dfienders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or

wa.u of lonn j r]'hjn^ to he done or transacted, in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for

nor rcrroveabl* want of Form, or he removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his

.by Certiorari. Majesty’s Courts of Record at JFcjhninfler y any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Limitation of XCI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be com-

Adious. menced against any Person or Persons for any thing donrin pursuance of this Act, until twenty-one Days

Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Comm iffi oners, or after

fufKcient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hatlj been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after fix

Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be

so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the County or Place where such

Matters and Things respectivfty shall be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place; and

the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General

Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had

thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so

brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act : And if the said Matter or Thing

shall appear to have been so done, or if it dial! appear that such Action or Suit was brought before

twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that fufKcient Satisfaction was made or tendered

as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose

limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid ; then the Jury or Juries shall

find for the Defendant or Defendants therein ; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such De-

fendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall

become Nonsuited, or fufter a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions; or if, upon any Demurrer or

Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgement shall he given for the Defendant or Defendants therein;

then, and in either of the Cafes aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and

shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her,

or their Cods, in any other Cafes by Law.

XCIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed

in all Courts of Justice as a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to

take Notice thereof as such, without the fame being specially pleaded.

Treble Cod*.

Publick Act*

CAP. XXV.

^ 5 Eh*, c. 4. An A& foj. beLter regulating Apprentices* and Persons working under Contraft.

(Preamble. < IT 7 HERE AS Persons employed in several Manufactories of this Kingdom frequently take Ap-

* VV prentices who are very young, and for several Years of their Apprenticeships, are rather a Bur-

4 then than otherwise to their Mailers : And whereas it frequently happens that such Apprentices, when

4 they might be expected to be useful to their Matters, absent themselves from their Service : And whereas

* the Laws in being are not fufKcient to prevent these Inconveniencies :9 For Remedy whereof, may it

please youf Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

'Tanices imnow- arK^ with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

eredtTcbii^ Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of

Apprentice ab- June, one thousand seven hundred and six ty-six, if any Apprentice shall absent himself from his Mailer’s

renting before Service before the Term of his Apprenticeship shall be expired, every such Apprentice shall, at any

Expiration of hn Time or Times thereafter, whenever he shall be found, be compelled to serve his said Matter for so long

toTe7vV^r such a as Aall have so absented himself from such Service, unless he shall make Satisfaction. to his

Term »s he shall Matter for the Loss he shall have sustained by his Absence from his Service ; and so, from time to time,

absent, as often as any such Apprentice shall, without Leave of his Matter, absent himself from his Service before

or to make Tcr,n Contract shall be fulfilled : And in case any such Apprentice shall refuse to serve as hereby

Satiffadlion j required, or to make such Satisfaction to his Matter, such Matter may complain, upon Oath, to any

Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where he shall reside, which Oath such Justice is hereby im-

powered to administer, and to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for apprehending any such

Apprentice; and such Justice, upon hearing the Complaint,.may determine what Satisfaction shall be

made to such Matter by such Apprentice; and in case such Apprentice shall not give Security to make

such Satisfaction according to such Determination, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to commit

ct t as to A every Ach Apprentice to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding three Months,

pentir” paying Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Apprentice, whose Mailer

10 1. Fee; ° (bah have received with such Apprentice the Sum of ten Pounds.

or where 7 III. Provided also, That no Apprentice shall be compelled to serve for any Time or Term, or to make

Tears fliaU htvc any Satisfaction to any Matter, after the Expiration of seven Years next after the End of the Term for

which such Apprentice shall have contracted to serve; any Thing herein contained to the contrary not-

wifhttanding.

* IV. And whereas it frequently happens that Artificers, Callicoe Printers, Handicraftsmen, Miners,

^Colliers, Keelmen, Pitmen, Glaffinen, Potters, Labourers, and others, who contract with Persons for

4 certain

elapsed.

See ao Geo. a.

x. 19,

X

