$3 2 c. 40.

Anno feptimo. Georgii III.

A. D. 1767.

dischargerf; the be then erected upon such respective Roads, from time to time, to lefTen oY reduce all or any of the Tolls

TYHs maybe granted by any of the said respective Afls, for and during such Time as the said Trustees, or any thirteen

cifionVl/ri fed or more of them, flialljthink proper; and afterwards at any Meeting to befield as aforesaid, from time to

again j

time, if they (hull fee Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls, so lessened, to any Sum or Sums of

Money, not exceeding the several Rates granted by such Acts of Parliament respectively.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, That where the whole Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls

granted by any such Act shall not have been paid and discharged, no such Tolls shall be lessened or reduced

without the Consent of the Person' or Persons intitled to five Sixths of the Money remaining due upon

such respective Tolls.

but no such Re»

duttion is to

take place,

where Money is

due, ur.less with

Consent of the Mortgagees.

where there are XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where there are two or more Turnpike Roads under several

a or more Turn- Acts of Parliament, within the same Parish, Township, or Place, and the Statute Duty directed by all

pike Roads un- such Acts to be taken or applied, for the Repair of such Turnpike Roads within such Parish, Township,

with i n't he fame or ^acc> exceed three Days Duty in the Whole ; then, and in such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful

Parish, &c. and for two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where such Turnpike

the Statute Duty Roads shall be, and they are hereby required, at some Special Sessions, to adjust and proportion such

exceeds 3 Days, Statute Duty, betwixt such Turnpike Roads and the other Highways in such Parish, Township, or Place,

the just ices are jn such Manner as they shall think fit ; having Regard to the Extent and Condition of the said several

sVtutcrDuty be- R°a^s anc* Highways, and also to the Tolls and Revenues arising from such Turnpike Roads respectively

tween them. (the said Justices previously summoning the Clerks and Surveyors of (Such Turnpike Roads, and likewise

the Surveyors of the Highways for such Parish, Township, or Place, who arc hereby respectively required1

to attend the Justices upon such Summons).

40*. Penalty on XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons

surveyors futfer- having the Care of any Turnpike Road* shall suffer to be or remain, for the Space of forty-eight Hours,

ing anyObftruc- in any Part thereof within twelve Feet on either Side of the Middle of such Road, any Post or Polls, Heap

t,oosto remam or Heaps of Stones, Rubbish, or Earth, set up or raised in or above the Surface of the said Road, by

•at e oa s. which the Passage thereof shall or may be oburu&ed, impeded, confined, or straitened (other than and

except Polls, Blocks, Stones, or Banks of Earth, fixed in the Ground, or raised, for securing Horse or

, Foot Roads, and also Direction Ports and Stones) such Surveyor or other Person shall forfeit and pay the

Sum of forty Shillings, to be recovered before one Justice of the Peace.

4 XXIX. And whereas Inconveniencies have arisen from making Hedges, or other Fences, and from

* ploughing or breaking up the Soil of Lands or Grounds near the Middle or Center of Turnpike Roads/

40 s. Penalty on for Remedy thereof be it further enacted, That if any Person shall make, or cause to be made, any

Persons making Hedge, Ditch, or other Fence, on any Turnpike Road not inclosed on both Sides, within the Distance of

Ditches, &c. on thirty Feet from the Middle or Center thereof; or shall plough, harrow, or break up, the Soil of any

Juld notFin- Ennd or Ground ; or, in ploughing or harrowing the adjacent Lands, shall turn his or their Plough or

doled on both Harrow in or upon any Land or Ground within the Distance of fifteen Feet from the Middle or Center of

Side* within 30 any Turnpike Road, made, or to be made, within this Kingdom ; every Person so offending shall forfeit.

Feet of the f0r every such Offence, forty Shillings, to such Person as shall make Information of the fame; arul it.

Center, or turn- ^11 be lawful for the Trustees who have the Care of any such Road, or any five or more of them, to

or?Harrow with- cause such Hedge, Ditch, or Fence, to be taken down or filled up at the Expence of the Person or Per-

in 15 Feet there- fons to whom the fame shall belong: And it shall and may be lawful for any one or more Justice or

of: Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed.

Such Ditch'!*, upon Proof thereof to him or them made upon Oath, to levy as well the Expences of taking down such

Ac. may be Hedges as aforesaid, as the several and respective Penalties hereby imposed, by Distress and Sale of the.

Jill«Tup°%aTthe Offender’s Goods and Chatties, rendering the Overplus to the Owner on Demand..

Hxpence of the Owner; and be levied, together with the Penalties, by Distress and Sale.

Direction Polls XXX. And, for the better Convenience of Travellers, where several Highways meet, be it further

to be set up enacted, That the Commissioners or Trustees appointed, or to be appointed, to execute any Act of Par-

where feveril ]iament made, or to be made, for the Repair of any Turnpike Road, shall direct the Surveyor of every

Highways meet; Turnpike Road where several Highways meet, and there is no sufficient Direction Port or Stone

already fixed or erected, forthwith to erect, or cause to be ereerted, or fixed, in the mofl convenient Place

where such Ways meet, a Stone or Post, with an Inscription thereon in large Letters, containing the

Name of, and Distance from, the next Market Town or Towns, or other considerable Place or. Places,

and where the to which the said Highways respectively lead ; and also, at the several Approaches or Entrances to such

Highways aie Parts of any Highways as are subject to deep or dangerous Floods, graduated Stones or Ports, denoting

f-.l'-cft to deep the De pth of Water in the deepest Part of the fame ; and likewise such Direction Ports or Stones as the

or dangerous said Commissioners or Trustees shall judge to be necessary, for the guiding of Travellers in the belt and

fuifta-Viavel°r Tract through the Hid Floods or Waters; and also fh.dl order the said Surveyor to ere£t Mile-stones

fen' in^helIP<n such 'Turnpike Road, with proper Inscriptions and Figures thereupon, denoting the Names and

Tract. Dirtances from the principal Towns or Places on each respective Road ; and the said Surveyor or Sur-

Mi’oflonesalfo veyors shall be reimbursed the Expences of providing and erecting the fame respectively, out of the Tolls

to 6c k t up: and Qyties granted by fuHi Acts respectively : And in case any Surveyor or Surveyors shall, by the Space

The E‘ ---cs three Months after such Direction to him or them given, neglect or refuse to cause any such Stone or’

,0 be aaraTed Port to be fixed as aforesaid ; every such Offender shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings.

•ut ci :bc Tolls, Suiveyois neglecting their Du’y herein, forfeit 20 s,

JS XXXI. And

^.ooooie

