210 C. 30. Anno sexto Georgi III. A.D. 1766^

pay over the said Accounts signed by such Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or by such Captain of an Independant Com*

Balance to the p.ny respectively, shall be transmitted by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the

^ 0iHce of the Pr°Per Auditor of his Majesty’s Revenue.

to transmit the Accounts into the Auditor's Office.

Recovery of Pe- XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties^ all Costs and Charges of Suit, and all

nalues, See. Sums of Money, for which any Person or Persons is or are by this Act made answerable, may, and shall

be recovered in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminfber, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or

Information, wherein no Essoin, Wager at Law, or Protection, or more than one Imparlance, shall

be allowed,

K° Fee payable XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fed or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be given or paid

orSumofMo- for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to, or in pursuance

iv-*y ilitied In pur- of, this Act.

fuance of this Act.

Officerson.H*]f- Xiy. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person being on Half-pay, and serving in the

pay serving in Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby impowered to receive and take the Subsistence-money by this Act

te^iw,the Suby directed to to Captains, Lieutenants, or Ensigns 5 and the receiving and taking such Subsistence-

fi^enVe-money money by any such Captain, Lieutenant, or Ensign, (nail not be deemed a Receiving or Taking Pay, so as

pa»*bJe to Lieu- in any Manner to prevent such Person on Half-pay receiving his Half-pay; and such Person shall take the

tenants or En- following Oath before some Justide of the Peace, who is hereby impowered to administer the fame

signs the]! talc- ,

ing the following Oath before a Justice.

The Oath. 4 T A. B. do swear. That I had not, between the any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil

4 A or Military, under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half-pay as a reduced in

4 late Regiment of # save and except my Subsistence as a Lieutenant or Enfiga, as

the Cafe may be, for serving in the Militia of the County of

And the takingthe said Oath shall be sufficient to intitle such Person to receive his Half-pay, without tab*

ing any other Oath; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

within 30 Days XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commanding Officers of every

after eiereif.ng Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company of Militia, which shall be raised and trained pursuant to

tcc Return it ^aws now *n Force* shall, and they are hereby respectively required, from time to time, within thirty

toCbe#madeby Days after the exercising of every such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company, shall befinished,

the Commanding pursuant to the Directions of the Laws now in being in that Respect, transmit to one of his Majesty’s

Officer, to one of Principal Secretaries of State a compleat Return, signed by every such commanding Officer, of the several

the Secretariea Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, who were actually inrolled, and did serve, in

officer* and Men cvcry such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company, at the Time the fame were so exercised

enrolled, and as aforesaid, in Manner and Form following:

serving at the Time of such Exercise,

Return of a Regiment of Militia at Annual Exercise.

Commissioned Officers Staff Officers Non Commissioned Officers Private

Present Absent Wanting to 7 compleat \ 1 Colonel 1 Lieutenant Colonel Major Captains | Captain Lieutenant | Lieutenants CO C U vs c 7 Adjutant Serjeants Corporals Drummers S

‘ XVI. Ani

