jfio C. 27. Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 176#.

therefore enabled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-

Act 5 Geo. II. c. rity of the fame. That an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

a8. which was Second, intituled, 4 An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fishery,’ which was to continue in Force for

fcvcraKubfrVent^ *n e Years, from the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and thirty-one; and

AdtsV^Gtt. which Act, determined by an Act of Parliament made in the Thirteenth Year of His said late Majesty’s Reign, in-

11. c. 28. ’rituled, 4 An Act for continuing the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Premiums upon the

4 Importation of Mails, Yards and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine; to jSr/V/^-made Sail Cloth*

and the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; to the Greenland, and to the Whale Fihery; for

4 granting a further Bounty for all Ships employed in the Whale Fishery during the present War; for

4 exempting Harpooners and others employed in the Greenland Fishery Trade from being impressed

and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and

4 Contradls of Clerks and Apprentices,’ was continued unto the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One

thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament^

22Ceo.Il. c-45.and which Act, by an Act of Parliament made in the Twenty-second Year of His said late Majesty’s

Reign, intituled, 4 An Act for the further Encouragement and Enlargement of the Whale Fishery,.

and for continuing such Laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto; and for the Naturalization

4 of such Foreign Protestants as shall serve, for the Time therein, mentioned, on Board such Ships as

4 shall be fitted out for the said Fflhery,’ was further continued unto the Twenty-fifth Day of December ,

One thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-

18 Cco. II. c. 20. Hament; and which Act, by an Act of Parliament made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His said late

Majesty’s, Reign, intituled, 4 An Act for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Acts of

4 Parliament made for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by His Majesty’s

4 Subjects; and toauthorise the Payment of the Bounty to Thomas Hood and others, upon Three Ships

4 fitted out for the said Fishery, and loft in the Greenland Seas,’ was further continued unto the Twenty-

fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, and from thence to the End of the

md 4 Get. III.then next Session of Parliament; and which said several Acts, by an Act made in the Fourth Year of

22f the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act for continuing several Acts of Parliament made

4 for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by His Majesty’s Subjects,’ were further

continued unto the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and

from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the fame are hereby further

further conti-cont,nue<^ from Time in the said last-mentioned Act limited, from the Expiration thereof, unto*

*ued to 25 Ore’*he Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the:

1770. End of the then next Session of Parliament.

The Act of 6 II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the Sixth Year of the

Geo. II. which Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery

rsc“Cdby/ carried on by His Majesty’s Subjects,’ which was to be in Force during the Continuance of the Act

AftI! U C<1UCn the Fifth Year of His said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, 4 An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fish-

4 ery;’ and which was, by the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of His said late Majesty’s Reign, con-

tinued unto the said Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from

thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act was, by the said Act of the

Twenty-second Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, continued unto the Twenty-fifth Day of December,

One thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament; and which Act was, by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His said late Majesty’s

Reign, further continued unto the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and

sixty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act was, by

the said Act of the fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, further continued unto the Twenty-fifth

Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then

h further cent*-next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby, further continued, from the Time in the

nurd to 25 D^.said last-mentioned Act limited for the Expiration thereof, unto the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One

thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

The A a of i» III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act of the Twenty-second’

Cco. II. which Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, intituled, 4 An Act for the further Encouragement and Enlargement

^subsc- y< the Whale Fishery, and for continuing such Laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto; and

queac Altf. " for the Naturalization of such Foreign Protestants as shall serve, for the Time therein mentioned, on

4 board such Ships as shall be fitted out for the said FKhery;’ which was to be in Force from the Twenty-

ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, until the Twenty-fifth Day of

December^ One thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament; and which was, by the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His said late Majesty’s

Reign, continued unto the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-four,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act was, by the said

Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued unto the xwenty-

fifth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament; shall be, ajid the fame is hereby, further continued, from the Time

in

