636 C. 42. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

The ?iatfstc bs XXIV. Provided a!so, That the Rates or Assessments which shall be maJe in pursuance of this Act,

tVo^MVcther^ made, aifcflctf, levied, collected, received, and paid, separately and dillinftly from all the ot er

Count) Rates. Hates act'died and raised upon and within the fa id County 3 any 'idling in the said Act made in the Twelfth

Year of His late Majesty’s Reign, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Custom or Usage to

the contrary notwithstanding,

h.va the Piro- XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Parochial

c iijI Ratesru eOfficers, or other Persons who shall pay, or be liable to pay the Rates or Afloflments which shall be made

01 (h.» Oic-iion and rated for the Purposes of this Act, upon any Parish, Town, and Place, and also all such Parochial

to be levied. Officers and Persons, upon whom any such Rate or AflftTment shall be levied, {hall and may, from Time

c‘ to Time, after Notice shall be given of the Amount of the Rate or Afl'effinent upon such 'Town, Pa-

riih, or Place, either before the Payment thereof by such Parochial Officers or Persons, or after the fame

shall have been actually paid by, or levied upon such Officers or Persons, rate and levy such Mo-

nies by a f parate and distinct Rate and Assessment upon every such respective down, Parish, or Place,

in such Manner and Proportion, and with such Powers for Recovery thereof, as any other County Rate

Taunts vin maY a^e^ec^ or > and that every Tenant or Occupier of any House, Land, Tythe, Tenement or

de- Hereditament, who shall pay any Rate or Aflefment to be made in pursuance of this Act by such respective

duti the fame Parochial Officers or Persons, within any such Towns, Parishes, or Places, upon whom any such Rate

om of their or Assessment shall be levied, shall and may deduct the fame out of his or her Rent, and shall be acquit-

Ruusj ted an(] discharged for so much Money as such Rates or Assessincnts shall, from Time to Time, amount

unto, as fully and effectually, as if such Money had been actually paid to the Person or Persons to whom

such Rent is or shall be payable ; and such Person or Persons is and are hereby required to allow, from

Time to Time, such Deductions, upon Receipt of the Refidne of the Rent,

except *h-re XXVI. Provided always. That nothing herein before contained shall vacate any Covenant or Agree-

there »s a Cove- rnent between Landlord and Tenant ; and that no Landlord of any Estate which shall not be let at a

j1™1 t0orhwhc°re" ^ack“rentx shall be obliged or compellable to allow to any Tenant any Money which he or she shall pay

the Lands are nottowar^ any &ate which shall be made in pursuance of this Act.

Jet at Rack Rent. XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cafes where a certain Number of Private

The Penalty of Militia Men are directed to be raised for any County, together with any City or Town being a County

5I. per Man, forcf itself, and the Militia has not been, or shall not be raised for such County, and City or Town; the

Apportionment PaYment of the said Sum of Five Pounds per Man, upon the whole Number of Private Militia Men so

of the Mi itia directed to be raised as aforesaid, shall be divided and apportioned between such County and such City or

fretted for any Town being a County of itself, in such Proportion as the respective Quotas paid to the Land-tax by the

County with said County, and by the said City and Town being a County of itself, bear to each other; unless the

Cit^or Town Apportionment of the said Number of Private Militia Men shall actually have been made in nurfuance of

bciing°a County the Lifts directed to be returned by the said former Acts, or by this present Ait; in which Cafe the said

( of itself, is to be Sum of Five Pounds per Man shall be borne by such County, and by such City or Town being a Coun-

paid according to tv of itself, in such Proportion as the respective Number of Men so apportioned to be raised by such

their re peftive (jounty, and determined by such City or Town, bear to each other.

Land-tax^un- XXVIII; 4 And whereas there are several Cities, Towns, and Places, in many Counties and Ridings,

Jess where’the * which do not contribute to the Payment of the said Rate called The County Rate; by reason whereof

Militia /hall Doubts may arise, whether such Cities, Towns, and Places can be legally rated or aflcfled cowards the

have been raised < Payment of the said Sum and Sums of Five Pounds per Man, in pursuance of the Directions of this*

and^rotln the*' * : And whereas it is just and reasonable that all such Cities, Towns, and Places should bear an equal

?ther. 4 Share and Proportion of Five Pounds per Man with each County, Riding, or Division, within which

and to with re- 4 such Cities, Towns and Places may happen to lie :* Be it therefore enacted, That in all Cafes where the

iprrtto Coun. Militia has not been raised, or shall not at any Time hereafter be raised for any County, Riding, or Divi-

ties^nd such flon^ within which any City, Town, or Place shall not be rated to the said Rate called The Comity Rat\

and PlacesPayment of the said Sum of hive Pounds ter Min upon the whole Number of Private Militia Men

mt rateable to directed to be raised within every County or Place, shall be divided and apportioned between each re-

tht County Rate,spective County, Riding, or Division, and each such respective City, Town, and Place, within the same,

the Polity i*ioas shall not contribute to the said Rate called The County Rate, in such Proportion as the respect ive

beiwrcn them jnPa,(* to Land 1 ax by each respective County, Riding, or Div ifion, and by each such respective City,

like Manner 5 Town, and Place, bear to each other; and the respective Sum and Sums so ascertained and apportioned,

onuto ic r-ifed shall be raj fed by a separate Rate and Assessment, to be made within each such respective Town and Place,

» y a legate jn like Manner as the Rates for the Relief of the Poor are made ; to be levied and collected within each

r *M*Raie* hich re!pev^’ve City, Town, and Place, not rated to the Rate called The County Rate, by such Ways and

»nd to be*plid Means, and with such Powers and Regulations for levying, collecting, and keeping the (amc distinct, as

Over to tiK 1 u b are prescribed in this Act for such respective County or Place ; and the Churchwardens and Ovcrfecrsof

htk. Ticaiunr, the Poor of each such respective City, Town, and Place, shal), from Time to Time, pay over the fame

ajU ty h.m io to Treasurer or Treasurers of every County or Fluce within which any such City, Town, and Place,

l.c'jl'CU VU~tC as af°rcTa,cU hes ; in order that the said Treasurer or Treasurers may pay over the fame to the Receiver-

* ‘ ‘ general of the said County or Place, together with the Proportion of the said Sum of Five Pounds \laa

directrd to be raised, levied, and paid, within each County or Place by this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted. That in such Cities, Towns, and Places, as are Counties of thrm-

purfjca lu such Ihlves, and yet have no such Rate or Afieiiment as is called The Coun'y Rate9 nor any Powers or Directions

