A. D. 176$. Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 20. 41

missioners. or the major Part of them, be paid to the said John his Executors, Administrators, ; deducing

Or Aifi$ns. icitiy a.Jv.irccd

him | and other 10,0201, to be paid when the other Time Keeper* are made, and proved to be of fof&cient CorrcdneU.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Matter *fohn Harrijon Discovery of the

shall not be intided, by virtue of any thing contained in this Act, to the said Reward, or any Part thereof, ^lincch'^* ^"me

unless the Discovery and Explanation of the Principles upon which his said Time Keeper is constructed, K^cper ;#%on.

shall be made within six Months after the patting of this Act. tinned, to be

made within six Months.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a jLeward or Sum of Money, not ex- s®?1*1,®heP*w

ceeding three hundred Pounds in the Whole, shall be paid to the said ProfelTor Euler. huUr-d^

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That a Reward or Sum of Money, not ex- and 3,cool, to

ceeding three thousand Pounds in the Whole, shall be paid to the, Widow or other Representatives of the Widow of

the said Professor Mayery upon her or their assigning the Property of the Set of the latett Manuscript Fwfcficr Mayei>

Lunar Tables, construded by the said Tobias Mayer, to the said Commissioners, to and for the Use

of the Publick. .heUt«*MS.

« Lunar Tablu construded by him.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That any Reward or Rewards, Sum or s.ooool proofed

Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of five thousand Pounds, shall and may be 5° *D* who n,a!!

paid to such Person or Persons as shall improve the said Tables of the Moon ; or that shall make any Dif- ^1-^0?(hall

covery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements, useful to Navigation; which said Reward or make any Disco-

Rewards, Sum or Sums of Money, shall and may be paid to such Person or persons, and in such Pro- very or Improve* '

portion or Proportions, as the said'Commissioners shall, from time to time, think proper and direct. useful to

Navigation*

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, ciaafes, *c. in

Matters, and Things, contained in any or either of the said two Acts, made in the twelfth Year of the'heAfisof

Reign of Queen Anney and in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, not altered

by this Act, shall continue in full Force, and extend, and be construed to extend, to this Act, as fully Ji,UCd?nVorce"

and amply as if again repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act ; and that all and every the were not altered

Reward or Rewards, Sum or Sums of Money, by this Act granted and allowed, shall, from time to time, by this Act.

be certified under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, to Rcwards by this

the Commissioners of the Navy for the time being; and the Commissioners of the Navy for the time being

shall make out a Bill or Bills for the Sum or Sums contained in the said Certificate or Certificates, payable iheCCcmmiirion.

by the Treasurer of the Navy; and such Sum or Sums of Money the said Treasurer of the Navy is hereby ers for the Lon-

required to pay immediately, to the Person or Persons mentioned in the said Certificate or Certificates, gitude to the

out of any Money that shall be in his Hands unapplied for the Use of the Navy, in such and the fame Commissioner*

Manner, and according to the same Rules and Directions as are prescribed in and by the said two recited ^'hoarc to make

Acts, or either of them, with regard to any Reward or Rewards, Sum or Sums of Money, allowed to be out nils for the

given and paid in and by the said Acts, or either of them. f*mr. payable

by the Treasurer of the Navy, oot of the unapplied Money in his Hands.

VII. Provided always, That all and every such Reward or Sum of Money that shall exceed the Sum Where any Re-

of one thousand Pounds, shall be certified under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or the ward

major Part of them ; but in case such Reward or Sum of Money shall not exceed the Sum of onfc thou- b

(and Pounds, then, and in that Cafe, it shall and may be certified under the Hands and Seals of the said the MaiAi yof

Commissioners, or any five or more of them* the Cotnmilfi-

oatn j and not exceeding that Sum, may he certified by five.

Vni. And be it further eaafted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for Commissioner*

the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby for the Lons»-

authorized and impowered for their better Satisfaction, if they shall fee Occasion, to administer an Oath Jolid^nifler"1*

or Oaths to such Person or Persons, as they shall think proper, for the Purposes of carrying this Act Oa*hs'for the

into Execution; which Oath or Oaths it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of the said Purports of this

Commissioners to administer accordingly. Aa.

4 IX. And whereas since the passing of the said Act of the twelfth of Queen Anney another Professorship

* for fhc Purpose of Astronomy has Jbecn eft ab! idled in the University of Cambridgebe it therefore en-

acted, That the Lowndes's Professor of Astronomy in the University of Cambridge For the time being shall Lowndes’* Pro-

be, and he is hereby added to, and joined with, the Commissioners appointed by the said Act of the twelfth fdfor *nro*

of Queen Anne, and by another Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second ; and the

said rrofeflor of Attronomy is hereby appointed a Commissioner, and shall and may aft, to all Intents and joint

Purposes, for putting in Execution the said Acts and this present Act, as fully and ettcftually as if he had fioner for the

been appointed a Commissioner by the said Acts of the twelfth of Queen Anney and of the twenty-sixth of l^ng'lud«.

King George the Second, or either of them.

4 X. And whereas the Publication of Nautical Almanacks constructed by proper Persons, under the

€ Direction of the said Commissioners, would greatly contribute to make me said Lunar Tables more

* generally ufoful ;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to The Con ft me-

VOL.A. G andliwn I>uWi-

