167

Forfeiture, or

Proof, upon that

Account.

Thi* Act doc*

ncl extend to

rrpral any of

the Powers of

the A& of 11

Geo. 1. c, 30.

with regard to

Seizures of pro*,

hibited or run

Goods*

A.D. 1766. Anno (exto GfioRon III. C. 20.

Drcfs only, to any Forfeiture, or to any pecuniary Penalty or Penalties inflicted by this Act, or to any

Proof that the fame were manufactured within Great Britain.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act con-

tained shall extend, or be construed or deemed to extend, in any wise to repeal any of the Powers and

Authorities granted in and by an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the First, intituled, 4 An Act for more effectual preventing Frauds and Abuses in the public

• Revenues; for preventing Frauds in the Salt Duties, and for giving Relief for Salt used in the curing

c of Salmon and Cod Fish, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, exported from that

* Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ for enabling the Insurance Companies to plead the General Issue

€ in Actions brought against them ; and for l'ecuring the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Insurancewith

regard to Seizures of any prohibited or run Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities.

A. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-

menced against'any Person or Persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or

Defendants, in such Action or Suit, may plead the General issue, and give this Act, and the Special Ooneril Ifluo*.

Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done-by the Authority of

this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or De-

fendants : And if the Plaintiff shall be nonluited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defen-

dants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer agahift the

Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame

as Defendants have in (/her Cafes by Law.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, in every such Action, it shall and may be

lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall be depending,

at any Time before issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall fee fit, as

Amends for the Matter or cause complained of in such Action ; whereupon such Proceedings, Orders,

and Judgements, shall and may be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where

the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

CAP. XX.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Derby*.

and the Liberties thereof.

WHEREAS within the Town and Borough of Derby, in the County of Derbsy and the Liberties Prtarabtet*.

thereof, there are several considerable Manufactures, as Throwing of Silk, Wooll-combing, and

Frame-work Knitting, which employ great Numbers of People who contract many Small Debts, which*

in the Whole, amount yearly to a great Sum of Money; and although they are well able, refuse to

pay such Debts, presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under by the Expence they are

unavoidably put to, and the Delays they meet with in suing for the fame : And whereas a more easy

and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts, within the said Borough and Liberties thereof, would,

tend to improve the Trade thereof, and to support useful Credit therein ;* May it therefore picafe your

Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Samuel Cromptony Hugh Bateman, '‘John Gijborney Ccraraifl»nen£|,

Thomas Coke, Thomas Bainbrigge% William Evans Mayor, Thomas Borrow Recorder, Joshua Cromptony

IViLiam Forrester, Henry Thornhill\ Nicholas Thornhilly Phillip Barnes, Francis Ashby, Francis Rivett,

Thomas Mechlin, George Alellor, Efuuires ; the Reverend /Til ham Chambers D. D. the Reverend Joshua

Winter y John Seal, H nry Ofjky Wrighty Thomas AIanlovey Brer cion, Charles Hope, and John

Bakewelly Clerks; William Hope, Snowden White, William Butter, Henry Tatum, Doctors of Phyhtk ;

Ttzmas AUjopy Samuel Aiij\py I Til Ham Ai’Jopy George Alt, jojeph BakewelL Thomas Bennett, Thomas Bennett

junior, John Bingham, Joseph Bingham, John Bingham junior, John Bloodworthy George Brentnally John

Treble Ooftt.

Defendant all

lowed, before

Issue joined, to

pay Money into.

Court.

As to Silk.

Gloves and

Mitts, See

5 Geo. 3* c. 4W

tilbert F:jr, Samuel Foxy Samuel Fcx Bookseller, Francis Foxy Daniel Gl:ijbpy Robert Grayfony John Har~

rtion Surgeon, Samuel Hajlam, John Hcaford, John Heathy Chrijiother 1death, John Homjray, John Hope

junior, Robert Hopey Matthew How Matter, Francis Hurdy Edward Holingjhendy Richard Johnfony Thomas

Jhhnfony Thomas John Ion of The Morlidge, George Killer, Marjhall Killery William Lcapcv, Thomas Lotuy ,

Thomas Mather, Ralph Melianl, John Meynell Surgeon, Francis Ales nelly Fairfax Morcfty, Richard Notony

mi .him Partril'Cy James PhillipSy George RichardJony Jeremiah Roey George Roey John Roe Maltster,

‘ ^ C.% /m 1 . . r C, 1> A*. *Y» /X... v* 0- M.. //» . /1a I' ^ j /» F. FA*!/• — - F* .a C .m«# A ^ CXi ^FTLi t so j IItf r

James Tomlinfony

ohn Webjhry John

irjiy Samuel lPildy Sarnia I IPillctty Robert IP infieldy William Woolaty Richard Wright, Richard.

Wright junior. Surgeon, shall be, and arc hereby declared, conilituted, and appointed, Commissioners to

hear and determine all such Matters of Debt as‘are herein after-mentioned: and such Commissioners,

Aivd their SuccdVors, are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name of The Court of Rcquclts

4 foe

con/titutal 1

Comet t

