132 C. 49. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

Officer iKgieft* XIV. Provided always, and It is hereby further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of the Customs

in* for one fti a 11 negleift or refuse, for the Space of one Month after such Condemnation as aforesaid, to pr fecute to

Condemnation any Person or Persons for any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture by this Act inflicted upon Offenders

to iue for the against the fame; that then it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, to sue for, prosecute,

Pma r cf, «ny and recover the respective pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, in like Manner as is

other Person mav herein before directed with regard to the Officers of the Customs 5 and one Moiety of the said pecuniary

sue for, and te- Forfeitures, when recovered, shall, in such Cafe, go and be applied to the Use of his Majesty,. his Heirs

cover the Ume, anj Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall sue or prosecute for the fame

respectively.

CAP. XLIX.

1

An Act to prevent the Inconveniencies arising from the present Method of issuing Notes and

Bills by the Banks, Banking Companies, and Bankers, in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland.

Preamble. € \\7 HEREAS a Praft ice has prevailed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, of issuing Notes,

commonly called Bank Notes, for Sums of Money payable to the Bearer on Demand, or in the

4 Option of the Jfluer or Granter, payable at the End of six Months, with a Sum equal to the legal Intc-

4 rclt, from the Demand to that Time: And whereas Notes, with such Option as aforesaid, have been and

4 are circulated in that Part of the United Kingdom to a jjreat Extent, and do pass, from Hand to Hand,

From and after 6 as Specie, whereby great Inconveniencies have arifenr* for Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty

15 May, 1766, that jt niay enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

ffTuedIn Scot* v*ce an(* Consent of Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament alYem-

hnd, and circu- bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifteenth Day of May, one thousand (even

la ted as specif, hundred and Jixtv-fix, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, Bodies Politick or Cor-

but what fluli porate, to issue or give, or cause to be issued or given, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, any

be payable on Note, Ticket, Token, or other Writing, for Money, of the Nature of a Bank Note, circulated, or to be

an^Notes issued circulated as Specie, but such as shall be payable, on Demand, in lawful Money of Great Britain, and

and circulated as* without reserving any Power, or Option of delaying Payment thereof for any Time or Term whatfo-

Specie, previous ever; and that from and after the said fifteenth Day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, all

to the said Dav, Notes, Tickets, Tokens, or other Writings, for Money, of the Nature of a Bank Note, issued previous

on*Dcmd*!»ot to {^c I^ay? anc* circiJlated as Specie in that Part of the United Kingdom, shall, and they are hereby

whhftTndinjtTny declared and adjudged to be payable, on Demand, in lawful Money aforesaid; any Option, Condition, or

opt onal clause other Clause therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

to the contrary 5

Port Sills, pay. IT. Provided always, That nothing contained in this Act shall prevent any Person or Persons, Bodies

able at Seven Poliiick or Corporate, from issuing Post Bills, payable seven Days after Sight* in the same Manner as

e*centedht* they are at Pre^cnt HlYied by the Bank of England.

and^'rfonsaa- III* And be further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons whatfo-

iag contrary ever. Bodies Politick or Corporate, and the legal Administrators of such Person or Persons, Bodies Poli-

hereto, for/cit tick or Corporate, who shall, after the said fifteenth Day of Muy, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-

sool.j fix, issue, or cause to be issued, any Note, Ticket, Token, or other Writing, for Money, of the Nature

of a Bank Note, circulated, or to be circulated, as Specie, contfary to the Directions of this Act before

mentioned, and to the-true Meaning and Intent thereof, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to

the Person or Persons who shall inform and prosecute for the fame, five hundred Pounds Sterling, with full

with full Costs of Costs of Suit; to be sued for and recovered, by way of Complaint, before the Court of Session, upon fif-

Sult# teen Days Notice to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, complained of; which Complaint

the said Court of Session is hereby authorized and required summarily to determine, without abiding the

Course of any Roll.

IV. And for rendering the Payment of all Notes, Accepted Bills, Post Bills, Tickets, Tokens, or other

Writings, for Money, of the Nature of a Bank or Bankers Note, circulated, or to b circulated, as Specie,

Sowmiary Fxe- in that Part of the united Kingdom, more effectual, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

citio,) may pro- from aruj after the passing of this Act, summary Execution shall proceed upon every such Note, Accepted

such Notr^In^ Bill, Bill, Ticket, Token, or other Writing, at the Instance of the Holder thereof, against the

r k. to enforce Person or Persons, Bo lies Politick or Corporate, and the legal Administrators of such Person or Persons

Pavmert f the liable in Payment of the fame, not only for the Sum or Sums therein contained, but also for the Interest

Principal «ad thereof from the Time of demanding Payment; and that a Protest, taken at the Office of the Person or

Method of pro Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, liable in Payment of the fame, between the Hours of Nine in the

trains where Morning and Three in the Afternoon, for not Payment, or for not marking of any such Note, Accepted

Payrrent is de*- Bill, Post Bill, Ticket, Token, or other Writing, shall be registerable in the Courts of Session, or other

mied, See. competent Judicatories, at any Time within six Months after the Date of such Protest; that Letters of

Horning, upon a Charge of fix Days, and the other usual Execution of the Law of Scotland, may pass

thereupon, in the same Manner as is competent by the Law of Scotland, upon Protests of Bills of Ex-

change and Inland Bills duly registered.

KoSorprnfionto y. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Suspension or Lift of such Charge,

f* ut upon a of Execution, (lull pass, but upon a Discharge by die Holder of the Note or Notes, Accepted Bills,

w

C.

