’40*

Contributor? to

have Rcteip’s,

*rul an Orricr

, lor lament.

Annuities may

be aliened.

Memorandum

to be made

thereof j

•t her wife in-

effectual.

Annuitants

Remedy for

Arrears.

Bridges to be

erected.

Tunnels to be

kid.

Steerfmen to

be tiab’e for

Damages.

C. 5la Anno feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1767.

as aforesaid ; and all and every the Contributor and Contributors upon the Credit of this Act, or such

Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, and his and their respective Aligns, shall be intitled,by vir-

tue of this Act, to have, receive, and enjoy, the respective Annuity or Annuities, so to be purchased as

aforesaid, during the Term of the natural Life of the Person to be nominated by each such Purchaser and

Contributor as before mentioned ; and that all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers, and their Assigns

respectively, {hall have good, sure, anfolute, and indefeasible Estates and Interests in the Annuities so by

them respectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that none

of the said Annuities shall be subject or liable to the Taxes charged upon Lands by Authority of Par-

liament.

XC. And be it further enacted. That every Contributor upon this Act, for the Purchase of any such

Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideratiofri or Pur-

chafe-money for the fame, or any Part or Proportion thereof, into the Hands of the said Trustees, or any

seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any seven or more of them, {hall, for that

Purpose, appoint, {hall have one or more Receipt or Receipts, importing the Receipt of such Purchase-

tnoney as {hall be so paid ; and upon Payment of all the Purchase-money* for any such Annuity or Annui-

ties, at the Rate aforesaid, every such Contributor, his, her, or their Assigns respectively, {hall have an

Order on Parchment or Vellum (which may be made without Stamps thereon) for Payment of the said

Annuity or Annuities, for and during the natural Life of such Person as {hall be so nominated as afore-

said ; which Order {hall be signed by the said Trustees, or a'ny seven or more of them ; and after the sign-

ing thereof, the fame shall, by virtue of this Act, be firm, good, valid, and effectual, in Law, according

to the Import and true Meaning thereof, and Of this Act.

XCL And be it further enacted, That it {hail and may be lawful to and for the Purchaser or Purchasers

of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Admfnistrators, or Aligns,

at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals (without any Stamps there-

upon) to assign such Annuity or Annuities, or any Part thereof, or Interest therein, to any Person or

Persons whomsoever, and so toties quoties; and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Alignments shall be

made in a Book, which is required to be kept for that Purpose in such Place where the said Trustees, or

any five or more of them, {hall appoint, for Which Entry or Memorandum the Sum 6f two Shillings and

six Pence {hall be paid, and no more; and such Book may, at all feasonable Times, be inspected by any

Person or Persons interested therein.

XCII. Provided always. That no such Assignment shall be deemed good or effectual, until such Entry

or Memorandum shall be made in such Book as aforesaid; and all such Annuitants, and their respective

Assigns, shall be Creditors in equal Degree, without Preference in respect of (he Priority of his, her, or

their advancing the Money on their respective Securities.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Duties, Sum and Sums of Money, {hall be

chargeable with and for the Payment of all and every such Annuity or Annuities, and all Arrears thereof,

from time to time, subject and in manner aforesaid ; and {hall, upon Default of Payment of any such An-

nuity, or any Part thereof, within the Space of thirty Days next after any of the Times when the fame

{hall be made payable, vest in the Annuitant or Annuitants, or such Person or Persons to whom the fame

{hall be assigned as aforesaid, subject as aforesaid, until the fame shall be fully paid and satisfied, together

with Interest, and the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Nonpayment of the fame; and that the said

Annuitant or Annuitants, or such Person or Persons to whom (he lame {hall be assigned as aforesaid, in

case the said Annuities shall be in Arrear and unpaid by the Space of sixty Days as aforesaid, and until full

Payment thereof, with the Interest and Charges as aforesaid, shall have the fame Powers and Authorities

for demanding, collecting, and recovering, the said Rates and Duties, and receiving the said Sum and

Sums of Money, as are by this Act granted to the said Trustees, their Collectors or Receivers, or any of

them, subject nevertheless as aforesaid.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or^nore of them, shall cause to

be made, set up, and, from time to time, maintained and kept in Repair, convenient and substantial

Gates, Bridges, Passages, and Stiles, in and overall the Ditches and" Fences in the Towing-paths, to be

used for the Pur^oses of this Act, where the fame shall respectively be necessary; and also such Bridges

over the new Cuts, Trenches, and Passages, as shall be proper for the Use of the Occupiers of the Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, thereunto adjoining; and also that if the said Trustees, or any five or

more of them, shall think proper to cause the said River to be deepened in any Part or Parts, so as to ren-

der any usual and common Fords and Highways impassable or dangerous; in every such Cafe the said

Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall first cause a sufficient Bridge or Bridges to be erected, or such

other Convenjencies to be made as the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall judge proper,

where such Fords or Highways now are, or as near thereto as conveniently may be ; and {hall, from

time to time* maintain and keep the said Bridges or Convenicncies in Repair for the Accommodation of

nil Persons having occasion to pass over the fame; and ^lfo, if the said Trustees, or any five or more of

them, shall find it necessary to raise any Banks upon the Sides of the said River for Towing-paths, or

otherwise, whereby the Waters may be prevented from going off, or overflowing the adjacent Lands; the

said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall first cause sufficient Tunnels to be laid through such

Banks so to be raised, at proper Places, for draining or overflowing the fame, and shall, from time to time,

keep such Bunks and Tunnels in Repair.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That the Steerfman, or other Person, having the Care, Charge, or

Management of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, which shall pass upon the said River, Cuts,

or Canals, shall be answerable and shall make Satisfaction for any Damage, Spoil, or other Mischief that

shall

