42.8 C. 5 b.

Anno feptimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1767^

here directed to

he made up,

there shall ap.

pear upon an

.Average taken

for 5 Yczrs

preceding, any

Dim1 notion in

the Revenues

by Discontinu-

f ;ice of the raid

Duty, and Al*

Sowance of the

said Drawback,

during the said

Term j the

'Company is to

make good the

£c£cieacjr.

On Failure of

uny Payment by

the Company,

the Money to be

jecovered by

Action of Debt,

in any of the

Courts at Weft-

min^er.

etith Damages

after the Rate of

T12 1. per Cent,

and Full Coftt

of Suit.

The Company's

Stock and

Funds, &c. are

made liable

thereto.

The Monies to

he applied as the

present Duties.

Clause in A ft

Si Geo. %. c. 14.

•rohibiting the

Fxportat on of

Tea in any less

Quantity than

•ae iatiie Lot,

repealed.

No Tea to be

tapoited to

Years, a true and exact Account shall be taken, stated, and made up, by the proper Officers of the Cus-

toms and Excise respectively, of the Net Produce of all the Duties of Customs for and in respect of Teas

sold by the said Company-* or their Successors ; and also of the Net Produce of the Duties of Excise upon

Teas cleared out of the Warehouses belonging to the said Company, or their Successors; within the Year,

ending the fifth Day of July immediately preceding the taking, dating, and making up such Account; and

that a Sum, which shall be equal to the Annual Net Produce of the Duties of Customs paid upon the Im-

portation of Teas which were exported to Ireland and the British Colonies and Plantations in America,

upon an Average for five Years preceding the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven.hundred and sixty-

seven, shall be deducted from the total of the Net Produce, so stated, of the said Duties of Customs and

Excise in the said Account, for the Year ending the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and

sixty-eight, and for each of the said four succeeding Years respectively : And if, after such Deduction shall

have been made, the remaining Sum shall not amount to such a Sum as shall be equal to the annual Net

Produce of all the Duties of Customs for and in respect of Teas sold by the said Company; and also to

the annual Net Produce of the Duties of Excise upon Teas cleared out of the Warehouses of the said Com-

pany, on an Average for five Years preceding the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and

sixty-seven; then, and in every such Cafe, from time to time, as often as such Cafe shall so happen, the

said Company, or their Successors, within forty Days after a Copy of such yearly Account respectively

shall have been delivered to thetr Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Secretary, Cashier, or Accomptant Ge-

neral, shall advance and pay, for every such Year respectively, into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exche-

quer, for his Majesty’s Use, such Sum of Money as shall, with the Monies remaining in such repedtive

annual Account after the Deduction aforesaid shall have been made, amount to such a Sum as shall be equal

to the annual Net Produce of all the said Duties of Customs and Excise upon Teas, on the said Average of

five Years preceding the said fifth Day of July9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; so as the

Money to he paid by the said Company, or their Successors, in pursuance of this Act, shall not, in anyone

of the said five Years, exceed such a Sum as shall be equal to the annual Net Amount of the said Inland Duty

of one Shilling per Pound Weight upon Teas cleared from the Warehouses of the said Company, for Con-

fumption within Great Britain; and also to the annual Net Amount of the Duties of Customs paid on the

Importation of Teas which were exported to Ireland, and the British Colonies and Plantations in America*,

upon an Average for five Years preceding the said fifth Day of July* one thousand seven hundred and

sixty-seven.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said United Company of Mer-

chants of England trading to the East Indies 9 or their Successors, shall make Failure in any of the Payments

hereby directed, required, or appointed to be made into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, in the

Manner, or on or before the respective Times herein before limited or appointed for that Purpose; that

then, from time to time, as often as such Cafe shall so happen, the Money, whereof such Failure in Pay-

ment shall be made, shall and may be recovered to his Majesty’s Use, by Action of Debt, or upon the Cafe,

Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no EfToin,

Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; in which

Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said United Company of Mer-

chants of England trading to the East Indies, or their Successors, are indebted to his Majesty the Monies of

which they shall have made Default in Payment, according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid

the fame, which shall be sufficient; and ip or upon such Action, Bill, Suit or Information, there shall be

further recovered to his Majesty’s Use, against the said United Company of Merchants of England trading

to the East Indies, or their Successors, Damages, after the Rate of twelve Pounds per Centum per Annum,

for the respective Monies so unpaid, contrary to this Act, together with Full Costs of Suit; and the said

United Company, and their Successors, and all their Stock, Funds, and all other their Estate and Pro-

Ewhatsoever and wheresoever, shall be, and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of such

les. Damages, and Costs.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Montes which shall be paid into

the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, in puruiance of this Act, shall be applied to such Uses and Pur-

poses, and in such Proportions, as the present Duties on Teas are now made applicable.

4 VII. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled,

4 An Act for permitting Tea to be exported to Ireland, and his Majestys Plantations in America, without paying

4 the Inland Puties charged thereupon by an Act of the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign 5 and for en-

4 larging the Time for some of the Payments to be made on the Subscription of six millions three hundred thousand

4 Pounds, by virtue of an Act of this Session of Parliament; it is enacted, 1 hat from and after the first Day of

4 June, one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, no Tea should be exported to the Kingdom of Ire-

4 land, or to any of his Majesty’s Plantations in America, in any Chest, Cask, Tub, or Package whatsoever,

4 other than that in which it was originally imported into Great Britain^ nor in any less Quantities than iti

4 the intire Lot or Lots in which the fame was sold at the Sale of the said United Company, under the

4 Penalty of the Forfeiture of such Tea, and the Package containing the fame: And whereas the pro-

* hibiting the Exportation of Tea in any less Quantity than one intire Lot, has been very inconve-

4 nient to Merchants and Traders, and tends to discourage the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, and the

4 said Colonies be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day

of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, the said recited Clause shall be, and is hereby,

repealed.

Vili. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of

July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, no Tea shall be exported to the Kingdom of Ireland) or

* to

^

