A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 38. 79

the Authority a fore fa id, That so much of the said recited Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his fald late So moch of the

Majesty, as exempts such Waggons, Carts, and Carriages, from being weighed at any Crane, Machine,

or Engine, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for ail

Truitces appointed, or who shall hereafter be appointed, by any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Repair 3fc-« fr -m

of any Highway or Highways within that Part of Great Britain called England, or for any five of them, t > be

a: any or as many Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, which they have erected or shall erect for the receiving wei?lJcA*is rc“

of any Toll or Tolls, or at any other convenient Place upon the said Roads, during the Time aforesaid, anut^Tr^fteci

to order or cause to be built or erected, if they think fit, any Crane, Machine, or Engine, which they

shall judge proper for the weighing of Waggons, Cares, or other Carriages, for the conveying of any toereft Weigh-

Goods or Merchandize; and by Writing signed by them, or five of them, to order all and every or any Engine?,

Waggons, Carts, or Carriages (although the Fellies of the Wheels of fucti Waggons, Carts, or Car- *nJorder j11

riages, shall be of the Breadth or Gage of nine Inches) which shall pass through any such Gate or Bar, a^wcnaa7oVh^s

or which shall pass any such Crane, Machine, or Engine, to be weighed, together with the Lading to bc weighed

thereof (except such Waggons and Wains as aforesaid, the Fore and Hind Wheels of which shall roll a thereat;

Surface of at lealt sixteen Inches wide, on each Side'of such Waggons and Wains); and for them, or (^eptthofe.

any five or more of them, or for any Person or Persons impowered by them, or any five or more of them, regulated

to receive and take, over and above the Toll already granted, or hereafter to be granted, the Sum of /0VfP.

twenty Shillings a hundred Weight, for every hundred Weight which every such Waggon, together with and above the

the Loading thereof, shall weigh, over and above the Weight of fix Ton; and also the Sum of twenty Tolls) 10s. per

Shillings a hundred Weight, for every hundred Weight which every such Cart or other Carriage, toge- Cwt- for a11.

then with the Loading thereof, shall weigh, over and above the Weight of three Ton; and that the

Money arising from such additional Duties of tv/enty Shillings a hundred Weight, shall bc applied to the anj^os!prr°a|

Repair of such Highway or Highways, where such Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, arc or shall be placed j.Cwt. for all

any thing contained in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. c»rts above 3.

Ton ;

to be applied to the Repair of the said Roads.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in an Act, intituled, € An Act for the Preservation of the Publick Act 14 Geo.

€ Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England/ paired in the Fourteenth Year of his late Majesty c*

King George the Second; nor in an Act, intituled, 4 An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in th *Yiu»*tl‘tit*

4 Fourteenth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the Publick Roadsy in u'gkway*, not

that Part of Great Britain called England and so much of an Act passed in the Third Year of the b^ing

Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, 4 An Act for the better repairing and amending the AWi, h /-<-

4 Highways, and/or settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods as relates to the settling of the Rates-puled by jGto.

of the Carriage of Goods, passed in the twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, nor in this Act, shall be

understood to compel the Trustees of any Turnpike Road to erect any Crane, Machine, or Engine, for ). /,«,*."

the weighing Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, having Wheels of the Breadth of nine Inches, or towk «/«r<-

Weigh the lame. iatei ,0 lLA"

ivayir is rtyeaUa

by 7 Cto. 3, r. 42. Trwftcet not obliged to erect Engines in pursuance of the said Act«# for weighing Broad Wheel.Currugcs.

VIII. And whereas Inconveniencies have arisen from making Hedges or other Fences, and from where Hedge*

€ ploughing or breaking up the Soil of Lands or Grounds, near the Middle or Center of Turnpike Roads or Fences shall

For Remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the passing of this Act,1* made

no Person shall make, or cause to be made, any Hedge, or other Fence, on any Turnpike Road not in-rqr,^n_

elofed on both Sides, within the Distance of thirty Feet, or plough or break up the Soil of any Land or p^VuoaJs not*

Ground within the Distance of fifteen Feet, from the Middle or Center of any Turnpike Road made or ird >fci on both

to be made within this Kingdom: And.if any Person shall hereafter make, or C3ufe to be made, any Sides; or Ground

Hedge or Fence contrary hereto, within the Distance of thirty Feet from the Middle or Center of any Plcu?hed

TurnpLe Road, it shall be lawful for the Truflces for the Care of such Road, or any five or more off/m-C.etthetnc

them, to cause such Hedge or Fence to bc taken down at the Expence of the Person or Persons to whom Heee’sareto

the fame shall belong; and in case such Person shall neglect or refuse to pay such Expence to the said be uken down at

Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they, or any five or more of them, (nail appoint to receive the L*rc,cc or

fame, it shall and may bc lawful for any one or morcjusticeor Justices of the Peace for the County orthc°wiicr>

PI ace where the Offence shall be committed, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and

Seals (which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and impowered) to levy the

fame by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chatties, rendering the Overplus to the Owner on

Demand: And if any Person shall hereafter plough or break up the Soil of any Land or Ground within ar*] th* Person

the Distance of fifteen Feet from the Middle or Center of any Turnpike Road, such Person shall forfeit ploughingwith-

the Sum of forty Shillings; and it shall and may bc lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the l" l,cprohibited

Peace of the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, upon Complaint to him or them

made upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required road- Cl

minister) to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chatties, rendering the Over-

plus to the Owner, on Demand.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or thcmfclvcsTVrforuafc*’*-

aggrieved, by the Determination of such Justice of the Peace, he, she, or they, may appeal to the General *f>r41

Quarter Session of the Peace, w ho (lull finally determine the Matter of such Appeal, and allow such

Colls, not exceeding forty Shillings, to either Party, as such Session shall think fit 3 in which Cafe no

Cirtisrari fluJl lie or bc brought.

8 4 X. And

c»

