The TITLES of the STATUTES;

<he said County, so fir as the ftme relate to the Road

Heading from Wallingford to Wantage, and from thence

to Faringdon; and for discontinuing the said Term and

Powers, so far as the lame relate to the Road leading

from Wantage to Idson ; and for repairing the Road lead-

ing from the North East Corner of Nuffield Common, by

the Parish Church of Nuffield, otherwise Tuffield, in the

County of Oxford, to the Commencement of the fuid

Turnpike Road leading from Wallingford to Wantage*

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading

from Perthaethway Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of

Angle fey.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-:

larging the Powers, of an Act passed in the thirtieth Year

• of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widen-

ing, and keening in Repair, the Roads leading from the

Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through

Pctwcrth, to the Top of Dunckton Hill, and from Pet-

worth to Stophgfn Bridge, in the County of Sussex.

^8. An Act for repairing, widening, and “keeping in Re-

pair, several Reads in and near Great Torrington, in the

County of Devon.

r$9. An Act for repeiring and widening several Roads

leading from the Quay at Lytnington, in the County of

Southampton. ,

60. An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual,

two Acts passed in the twelfth Year of Knng Gbor oe the

First, and the twentieth of his late Majesty, for repairing

'the several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of

Fffiex and Suffolk; and for repairing and widening several

other Roads in the Counties of Essex and Hertford.

ti\. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, several Roads leading to and from Crewkerne, in

the County of Stmerfet.

*ti2. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

Acts of the thirteenth of George the First, and of the

sixteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads

leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of

Wilts; and for amending several other Roads near the

said Town ; and for repealing so much of an Act

made in the first Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned,

in the said County, as relates to the Road within the

Town of Hcytcfbury \ and for Other Purposes therein

mentioned.

*3- An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading

from the Turnpike Road at Kippinfs Cross, in the Parish

of Brenchley, in the County of Aent, through the Pa-

ri (hes of Brenchley, Hot fmonden, and Goudhurst, by the

'Left Hand Side of Idea Green, to the Turnpike Road on

IVitflcy Green, in the Parish of CranbroUe; and from a

Place near Goudhurst Gore, through the Parish of Mar-

den, to Stile Bridge in the said Parish, and from Under-

den Green, in Mar den afore said, to Wanjhutfs Green, in

the County of Kent.

<4. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on

Hurfl Green, in the County of Sussex, through Etching-

ham and Buru'afh, to the Extent of the said Parish of

Burwajk, in the said County.

*5. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Alhallows

on the Well, in the City of London, and for rebuilding the

House belonging to the Rector of the said Parish; and

for purchasing several Pieces of Ground arid Tenements

thereon, to render the Passages to and from the said

Church and House more commodious.

€6. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers,

of am Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road

from Mullens Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the

eighteen Mile Stone from the City of Salisbury, and feve-

ral other Roads in the Act mentioned; and also for re-

pairing and widening several other Roads leading out of

the said Roads, and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

67. An Act for amending the Road from the Pinfold in

Balhy, in the County of York, to WorkJ'of, in the County

ot Nottingham.

68. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at

Wrctham Heath, in the County of Kent, to the Turn-

pike Road leading from Croydon 10 God/hne, in the

County of Surry.

69. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the

South End of Newton Abbott to the raflage Way in Kin-

swear, opposite Ciiften Dartmouth Harelrtejs, and from the

End of a Lane leading out of the Turnpike Road between

Newton Abbot, and Totnes, towards Abbots Kerfwell, to

Five Lanes \ and from Langvers Barn to the said Turn-

pike Road, between Newton Abbott and Tatnes; and from

Galmpton Warborough to Monks Bridge and BrLxharn

Quay; and from Langvers Bam to the North End of

Paington Town, all in the County of Devon.

70. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from

Keyberry Bridge to the raffage at Shatidon; and from the

said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Yorkey, in the

County of Devon*

71. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Ton-

bridge to Alaidstone, and from Watts Cross to Cowden, in

the County of Kent.

ji. An Act for amending and widening the Road from the

Sign of the Coach and Horses in Birjtall, to the Turnpike

Road at Nttnbrock; and from Bradley Lane to the Town

of'Huddersfield, in the Weft Riding of the Cottmty of

York.

73. An Act for repairing and widening the Rqad from

Great Grimsby Haven, at or near a Place called the Upper

Sand End, to Wold Newton Church; and from Nuns Farm

to the Ahll Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the Couaty of

Lincoln.

74. An Act for enlarging the Powers of several Acts for re-

pairing the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath

and the Town of Cambridge, and from Foulmire to Cam-

bridge, and other Roads adjoining thereto, so far as the

fame relate to the Road from Fouhmre to Cambridge, gad

the said other Roads adjoining thereto.

75. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much

of an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the

Counties of Dorset and Devon, as relates to the Road

from Penn Inn, in the County of Dorset, to the Work-

house at the East End of the Town of Honiton, in the

County of Devon, and to the Road from the Intreoch-

ment on Afkerwell Hill to Penn Inn, and from Bridport

to Beamifler; and for repairing and amending several

other Roads therein mentioned in the Counties of Dorset

and Devon.

76. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair,

several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County of

Carmarthen; and also several Roads leading from Lian-

diio, in the said County.

77. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several

Acts of the ninth and twelfth Years of Queen Anne,

and of the thirteenth of King George the First, and

of the fourteenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the

Highways leading from Royston, in the County of Hert-

