74

C. 36.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

A. D. 1765.

Tjeblc Cofis.

Pr^rnbk, recit-

ing Ch ile in

Ati 2 Geo. 3.

C. 20.

RcJ'er to 5 Geo.

3* c* 34-

9 Geo. 3. c. 42.

The Year, with

respett to Ccrti*

ficates to be

made by Lieuta*

and Dep. Lieuts.

of Countici, the

JUjlitia whereof

has not been duly

raided, is to end

on the *d Tuef-

day in May in

every Year; and

the Certificates

to be made to the

Quarter Sessioaa

next.after; to-

gether with the

“Where tbeLieut.

of any County

/Kail be beyond

Se?s, he is to ap-

point three or

moreDep.Lieuts.

who are to cer-

tify accordingly.

In Counties, See.

where there shall

he 00 Lieut,

three or more

Dep. Licuts. ap-

pointed under

1 he Royal Sij;n

Manual, are to

carry the recited

Acts into Exe-

cution.

Where thcl.’fut.

shall be beyoed

Sens, and no

Dep. Lituts. ap-

pointed, the

Clerk of the

Peace is to cer-

tify.

Elaine in Afl

4 Geo. 3. c, 17,

Judgement shall be given, upon any Verdict or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant

or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame, as Defendants have in

other Cafes by Law.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to explain, amend, and enforce, the several Laws now in being relating to the railing

and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

4 TT 7 HEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign*

* VV intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in

4 being relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, it

c is enacted, That in all Counties and Places where the Militia had not been raised by virtue or in pur-

4 fuance of the former Acts for that Purpose, or by virtue or in pursuance of the said Act, the Sum of

4 five Pounds should be annually paid, for and in lieu of every Private Militia Man therein mentioned to

4 be raised within the same; and that his Majesty’s Lieutenant of every such County and Place, or any

4 three or more Deputy Lieutenants, at the Expiratioffof every Year in v/hich the Militia for such County

4 and Place shall not be raised, shall, from Year to Year, certify the fame in Writing under his or their

c Hands; and also the whole Amount of the several Sums of five Pounds per Man, to be raised on such

4 County not raising the Militia as aforesaid, to the Justices of the Peace, at their General or Quarter

4 Sedions next held, after the full End and Accomplishment of the said Year, for such respective County

4 or Place: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether such Lieutenants are compellable to make fuen

4 Certificates according to the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, and also at what Time each respective

4 Year ends or is accomplifted;’ for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Ma-

jesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this Act, every

Year, with respect to the Certificate herein after directed to be made by his Majesty’s Lieutenants, or the

Deputy Lieutenants, of each respective County, Riding, or Place, not raising the Militia, shall be deemed

and taken to end and be accomplished on the second Tuesday in May in each respective Year; and his

Majesty’s Lieutenants of every County, Riding, and Place, wherein the Militia shall not have been raised,

or shall not continue to be raised pursuant to, and by virtue of, the several Acts of Parliament for raising

and training the Militia of this Kingdom, shall, and they, and each and every of them, is and are hereby

required to certify in Writing under his and their Hand and Hands yearly and every Year, to the Justices

of the Peace of each respective County, Riding, and Place, at their General or Quarter Sessions which

shall be next holden after the second Tuesday in May in each Year, that the Militia has not been raised

for such County or Place for the preceding Year; and also the whole Amount of the several Sums of five

Pounds Man to be raised on such County, Riding, or Place, as aforesaid.

Amount of the Sums to be raised.

4II. And whereas it may happen that some of his Majesty’s Lieutenants may be in Parts beyond the

4 Seas, and thereby be incapable of certifying in the Manner directed by the said recited Act and this Act ;'

be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of his Majesty’s Lieutenants

shall be in Parts beyond the Seas, such Lieutenants, and each and every of them, is and are hereby re-

quired, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, to appoint three or more Deputy Lieutenants

to certify as aforesaid ; and such Deputy Lieutenants, or some one or more of them, for each respective

County, Riding and Place, is and are hereby required to certify the fame accordingly, to the Justices of the

Peace assembled at their General or Quarter Sessions as aforesaid.

4 III. And whereas in some Counties there may happen to be no Lieutenants, by means whereof the

4 several Laws now in being, for raising and training the Militia, cannot be carried into Execution ;’ fot

Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in such Counties, Ridings, or

Places, as may happen to have no Lieutenant, three or more of the Deputy Lieutenants in such County,

Riding, or Place, to be nominated and appointed by his Majesty’s Sign Manual, are hereby authorized

and impowered to proceed, and do every Act and Acts that are necessary for the carrying into Execution

the several Powers of the said Acts of the second and fourth Years of his present Majesty*s Reign, and of

this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in case any of his Majesty’s Lieute-

nants shall be in Parts beyond the Seas, and no Deputy Lieutenants shall be appointed to certify as afore-

said for any County, Riding, or Place, the Clerk of the Peace for such County, Riding, or Place, shall,

and he is hereby required to certify as aforesaid to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sef-

iions assembled ; and the said Justices of the Peace are hereby required to proceed on such Certificate of

the Clerk of the Peace, in the same Manner as if such Certificate had been made by his Majesty’s Lieute-

nant in Manner aforesaid.

4 V. And whereas by an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

4 An Act to explain and amend an Act pnffed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

4 Aa

