77©

Penalties to be recover-

ed, Ac. w by the La us of

Ixcifc; and to be ap.

, Half to His Ma-

jtfly. Half to th« Infor-

mer.

4A 7 OiO, 111, «. 44,

CTaufc in recited A<fl re-

stiled.

Corrjjr.iiTiorrrs miy

commit OfUncieis iin-

fti'-dutdy to Bridewell

in London, dee.

to bard Labour, ar.d

the Correction of the

House.

J.icensed Person ref.ifing

to aupear upon Sum-

mons,

forfeits 10 s.

sM refilling to ap; e3r,

wi*h his Renter, on

Third Summons, Com*

TTi'lRonei! miyce'ermine

C.»mplainr, and inthCl

due Penalty.

Comnets cr i fli-

ce*5 m\y determine Ot-

feiues, ai.i intiift l‘u-

rribaiems,

a* l < °,d by Act

y A »n.«.

C. 44. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties by this Act impos-

ed shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated by any such Ways and Means and

Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by any of the Laws of Excise may be sued for,

recovered, levied, and mitigated; and that one Moiety cf such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be

for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety for the Lie of

such Person or Persons that shall inform or sue for the same.

IV. And whereas, by a Clause contained in an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majes-

4 tv’s Reign, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Polices of AJJiirance; and for reducing

the Allowance to be made in rcjteft to the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing

4 Beer, Ale, and other Excifabte Liquors; and for explaining and amending federal Acts of Parliament

4 relating to Hackney^ Coaches and Chairs; it was enacted, that every Jobb-coach licensed at the Head

4 Office of Excise in London, which should be driven or let to Hire on private Contraft within the

4 Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, or within the Weekly Bills of Mortality,

4 for any Time longer than One Month, without having the Excise Number or Mark fixed under

the Foot-board of every such Coach, the fame should be deemed and adjudged a Coach driven or

4 let to Hire, contrary to the Act therein before mentioned, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign

4 of Queen Annc\ and the Person so letting or driving for Hire as aforesaid, is made liable to the

4 like Penalty, as any Person or Persons who should drive or let to Hire by the Hour, Day, or

4 otherwise, any Hackney Coach or Coach-horses, within the Places therein mentioned, without

4 Leave or Licence from the Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches and

4 Chairs, were then by Law liable unto And whereas many Inconveniencies may arise from

4 putting the said Clause strictly into Execution be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore-

said, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ie-

venty, the said Clause shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

V. And whereas, by another Clause contained in the said Act passed in the Seventh Year of His

c present Majesty’s Reign, it is enacted, That in every Cafe where any Person, for any of the

4 Offences mentioned in any Law relating to the licensing and regulating of Hackney-coaches and

4 Chairs, shall be liable to be committed to Prison, it should and might be lawful for the said Com-

4 missioners, or any Three or more of them, either to commit such Offender to Pris n in Manner

and for the Time therein prescribed, or, by Warrant under t heir Hands and Seals, to commit

4 such Offender to His Majesty’s Work-houie of Bridewell in London, or some other Hnufe of Cor-

4 rection, there to be kept to bird Labour for any Time, at the Discretion of the Hid Com million*

4 ers, not exceeding One Month; and alto to receive the Correction of the said House, if the said

4 Commissioners shall so think fit to order: And whereas, a Doubt has arisen whether the said Com-

4 missioners have a Power, under the said recited Clause, to commit Offenders to Bridewell, or any

4 other House of Correction, immediately upon such Offenders being convicted before them; which

4 Power would be very beneficial in many Instances to the Publick Be it therefore enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the

said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, in all Cafes where they may now, by Law,

commit any Offender convicted before them to Brideuell or any other House of Correction, to

commit such Offender, for such Offence whereof he shall be so convicted before them, by Warrant

under their Hands and Seals, immediately to His Majesty’s said Workhouse of Bridewell in London,

or some other House of Correction; there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time, at the Difcre-

tion of the said Commissioners, not exceeding One Month, and also to receive the Correction of

the said House, if the said Commissioners shall so think fit to order.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this

Act, every Person licensed by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to carry or let for

Hire a Hackney-chair, who shall neglect or refuse (being duly fommoned for that Purpose) to ap-

pear from Time to Time before the said Commissioners in Person, or by his or her Renter, upon

any Complaint made, without some reasonable Excuse to be approved of by the said Commissioners,

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings; and if any such Person licenced as

afo efaid shall neglect or refuse to appear, together with his or her Renter, before the said Cominif-

flotiers upon the Third Summons, without such reasonable Excuse as aforesaid, it shall and may be

lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major P-art of them, to hear and determine the said Com-

plaint, notwithstanding the Absence of the Party offending, upon the Oath of One or more credi-

ble Witness or Wirnclles, and to impole upon such licensed Person or Renter the Penalty or For-

feiture due to such Offence.

VII. And be i: further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Offences mentioned in,

and intended to be provided against by the said recited Act, or by this present Act, shall aid may

be heard and determined, and all and every the Forfcrures and Penalties thereby inflicted, shall and

may be recovered and levied, nut only by His Majesty’s Commissioners for regulating and lie ending

Hacknty-coaches and Chairs, or the major Part of them, but also by any Justice of the Pi ace.

Mayor, Badifi, or other Magistrate of the County, City, or Place, where fu ll Offence or Offen-

ces shall be committed, by such Ways and Means as the Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Act,

made in the Ninth A ear of the Reign of Queen Annare directed to be levied and recovered.

Vlil. c And whereas great Neg!c:t or Default huh been rn iJe in transmirring, to the Receiver*

4 general of the Revenue arising by Hafttuey-coaches and Chairs, His Majesty’s Part of the Pen .1-

4 t-.cs which hive bre.u lev i e I a v Juki' e> of rh Peace, or other Magistrates, in pursuance r tae

4 ieveroi Acts and Bye-ia.vs made, reuti.ig to il.uk u y-coa.ha* and Cnaiis Be it therefore cna.t-

cJ»

