(Vtt'ii, o* any

Manor. i£V. are

i»-t liah’e to be

lniptjched by

This A&.

542 C, 16. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

CjQs wirreiii III. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing therein contained, shall hot extend to bar, hnpeack*

U^VCjr,°tnsorfC’ar hinder His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, of, for, or from, any Manors, Tenements, Kents*

mi n er* m t ic or Hereditaments, whereof any Reversion or Remainder now is in his Majesty, for or concerning

the said Reversion or Remainder; nor of, for, or from any Reversion or Remainder, or Possibility of Re-

version or Remainder, in any of His Majesty’s Progenitors, or Predcccfors, or Ancestors, which by the

Expiration. End, or other Determination of any limited Eft ate of Fee- fun pic, or of any Fee-tail or other

particular Estate, hath or ought to have first fallen or become in Possession, or which shall or may or

ought hereafter first to fall or come in Possession, within the Space of Sixty Years next before the tiling,

issuing, or commencing of any such Action, Bill, Flainr, Information, Commission, or other Suit or

Proceeding, as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be filed, issued, or commenced, for recovering the

fame, or in respect thereof; nor of, for, or from any Right or Title first accrued or grown to his Majesty,

or any of His Progenitors, Predeccffors, or Ancestors, of which shall first accrue or grew to His Majesty, or

any of His Heirs, or Successors, of, in, or to, any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, or He-

reditaments, at any Time or Times within the Space of Sixty Years next before the filing, issuing, or com-

mencing of any such Action, Bill, Plaint, Information, Commission, or other Suit of Proceeding as shall

at any Time or Times hereafter be filed, issued, or comrpenced, for recovering the fame, or in icfpeA

thereof, and not before. '

tjrirnn'ti e IV*. Provided also, and be it enacted by Authority of the present Parliament, That this Act, or any

vv.th respect'Thing therein contained, shall not extend to any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, T\thes, or He-

oJ'^an^y reditaments, mentioned 10 be granted or conveyed by any of His Majesty’s Progenitors, Predeccffors, or

Ancestors, or by any other under whom His Majesty claimeth, to any Person or Persons, of any limited

Estate in Fee-simple, or of any Estate in Tail, or other particular Estate, which several Estates, (if the same

had been good and eftcdual in Law) have or ought to have first fallen or become in Possession, or will or

ought first to fall or come in Possession, within the Space of Sixty Years next before the filing, issuing, or

commencing, of any such Act m, Bill, Plaint, Information, Commission, or other Suit or Proceeding as

shall at any Time or l imes hercaf er be filed, issued, or commenced, for recovering the fame, or in respect

thereof as aforesaid; nor to any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, or Hereditaments, men-

tioned to be granted or conveyed by any of His Majesty’s Progenitors, Predeccffors, or Ancestors, or by

any other under whom His Majesty claimeth, to any Person or Persons in Fee-tail, or other particular

Estate, whereof the Reversion or Inheritance (if such Estate Tail, or other particular Estate, had been

good and effectual in Law) should have been and continued in his Majesty, or any of His Progenitors,

Predeccffors, or Ancestors, or should or ought hereafter to be and continue in His Majesty, His Heirs, or

.Successors, at any Time within the Space of Sixty Years next before the filing, issuing, or commencing of

any such Action, Bill, Plaint, Information, Commission, or other Suit or Proceeding as shall at any Time

or Times hereafter be filed, issued, or commenced, for recovering the fame, or in respect thereof as

aforesaid.

'The faic^Maners,

to be hw.’den

on'h^uiv" Majesty His Heirs, and Successors, and of other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their

Tenures 'sr'r- Heirs and Successors respectively, by the fame Tenures, Services, Fee farms. Chief Rents, Heriots, and

vices, and Duties, other Duties, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame should or ought of Right to have been Holden if the

Estates, Rights, and Interests, «established and made sure by this pwfent Ad, had been, before the making

of this Act, firm, good, and effectual in Law.

'General Referra- VI. Saving to every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors (other

'tion of Rights, than His most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and other than all Patentees or Grantees of

Concealments, or defective Titles, and all and every Person or Persons claiming^from, by, or under them,

or any of them, for or in respect or by reason of any such Patents or Grants of Concealments, or defective

Titles) all such Rights, Title, Interest, Estate, Rents, Commons, Customs, Duties, Profits, anJ other

Claims and Demands whatsoever, in, to, or out of the said Manors, Lands? Tenements, Tythes, or He-

reditaments, as they or any of them had or ought to have had before the making of this A61 $ any Thing in

this Ad to the contrary no'twithstanding.

Provision fork- VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any Fee Farm Rent, or other Rent or Rents, have

-wring to the been of shall be answered and actually paid to the King’s Majesty, or to any His Predecessors, Heirs, or

o/other* Successors, within the Space of Sixty Years next before an Action, Bill* Plaint, Information, Corn-

Rent*, &e.mission, or other Suit or Proceeding, shall at any Time or l imes hereafter be filed, issued, or com-

hrive bern ntii menced, for recovering the fame, or in respect thereof, out of any Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Here-

within a limited ditaments, of which Manors, Lands, 1 enements, or Hereditaments, the Estates, Rights, or Interests

being defective, are established, and made sure by this present Act, that the King’s Majesty, His Heirs

and Sucecffors, shall from henceforth forever have, hold, and enjoy the said Rents, and Arrearages thereof

in such Manner and Form, and as fully and amply, as the fame are or were enjoyed at any Time within

the said Space of Sixty Years.

Right underany VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be pre-

c/own^of1 an'0 juc^'c^al to the Right, Title, or Claim, of any Person or Persons in or to any Manors,^Lands, Tene-

aw/s, &v.ny nients, or Hereditaments, by virtue of or under any Grant or Grants, Letters Patent or Letters Patents,

made before from any of His Majesty’s Progenitors, Ancestors, or Predecessors. or by virtue of or under any Grant or

2 Grants

V. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That all and Angular

ie said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall at all Times hereafter be holden of His

