A. D. 1769.

Anno nono Georgii III.

C. 39.

under the Re-

621

Pa

or Duty by this Act made payable upon Seal Skins tanned or tawed in Scotland, (hdl be

ceipt and Management of the Commifinners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

VI. And be ic further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rate and Duty by this AS imposed and to be raifc*,

or chargeable for and upon Seal Skins aforesaid, shall and may from Time to Time oe ascertained, raised,1 vicd.

Deceived, levied, recovered, and secured, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and by the fame or dif-,n

ferent Stamps and Marks, and under such rains of Death, and other Penalties and Forfeitures, and with c * *'

such Powers of adjudging the said Duty, and adjudging and mitigating the said Penalties and Forfeitures,

or any of them, and other Powers, and to such Rules and Directions, and in such Methods, Manner,

and Form, as the respective Duties upon Hides a*d Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, Made Wares, as the Dur'ei

Ve!Ium, and Parchment, granted by an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty upon Hides *n4

ueen Anne, intituled, ‘ An Act for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins tanned, tawed, orSkmi, b>

dressed, and upon Vellum and Parchment, for the Term of Thirty-two Years, for prosecuting the9 nnx* c*IX*

• War, and other Her Majesty’s most necessary Occasions,’ are by that AS, or any Law or Statute thereby

referred unto, or by any Law or Statute relating to the Duties of Excise upon Hides and Skins, prescribed,

appointed, or enacted, to be ascertained, ratfed, received, levied, secured, or Recovered; and that the

Ack last mentioned, and all the Clauses, Pains of Death, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities,

Rules, Directions, Matters, and Things, therein contained, or thereby referred unto, or contained in

any other Law or Statute relating to the Duties upon Hides and Skins, for the ratting, receiving, levying,

recovering, securing, paying, or accounting for, the Duties thereby granted or therein mentioned, or any

Arrearages of the fame, or any way relating to the fame Duties, rains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, by

such Act or Acts chargeable, be applied, practised, and put in Exception, for railing, receiving, levy-

ing, recovering, securing, paying, and accounting for, the Duty upon Seal Skins by this Act granted,

and all Arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were particu-

larly and at large repeated in the Body of this present Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Montes anting by and in respect p^tfettobepaU

of the Rate and Duty hereby granted and imposed (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for*™0 Jhe E*d»e-

the fame excepted) mail from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt ‘ of his Majesty’s Exchequer atquer’

We/hnin/Lr, separate and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue 5 and are hereby appro-

priated, and shall be issued and applied to the same Uses and Purposes, in such Manner, and under fuchand ,o bclPPIicd

Regulations, as the Monies arising by the Rates and Duties hereby repealed are, by any Law or Laws pVtie^™*

now in being, appropriated unto, and directed to be issued and applied. u ‘

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That a Drawback of One Penny /rrDr*wt«ck of i<f.

Pound Weight Averdupois shall, from and after the said First Day of June, be allowed upon the Expor- per Povadal-

tation of Seal Skins tanned or tawed in this Kingdom, in lieu of any other Drawback 5 and the said iovr«d »P°" .«*>•

Skins shall be exported, and the said Drawback allowed and paid, in such and the same Manner, and*^™1^ o(

under the fame Regulations and Restrictions, as any other Hides and Skins are exported, and the Draw- awed SeUSkia*.

back thereupon is allowed and paid.

IX. c And whereas His Majesty, by certain Orders in Council to prevent the contagious Distemper

• which raged amongst the Horned Cattle, in several Foreign Parts of Europe, being brought into the King-

* doms of Great Britain and Ireland by the Importation of Hides, Horns, and Hoofs, of such infected Cattle,

* was pleased to order that the utmost Care mould be taken not to permit any Entry to be passed for the

• Hides of Horned Cattle, either Raw pr Salted, or Horns and Hoofs which were or might be imported

# into any of the Ports of Great Britain or Ireland\ until His Majesty’s Pleasure should be Further signiffed;’

be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all PersonaF Actions and Suits, Indict- Perfect ind«mni-

nients. Informations, and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be pro-fied w!lh

fecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any Ad, Matter or Thing ad-^logHil

vised, commanded, appointed, or done, in relation to the Premises j or of any Contract or Agreement Mat:fly’* Order*

not pet formed by means of, or in obedience to, such Order of Council, be, are, and shall be, dischargedot* Council, pro-

and made void by virtue of this Acts and that if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted hib5ti?s d* ,»-

ia that Pari oiGreat Britain called England, against any Person or Persons for any such Ad, Matter, ^l^,o*c0of*w

or Thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or such Contract or Agreement not performed,ferted’c/ale

he, flic, or they, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence forContraa*

and if the Plaintiftor Plaintiffs in any Action or Suit so to be commenced or prosecuted shall become0performed la

Nonsuit, or forbear further Profecuuon, or suffer Discontinuance, or if Judgment shall be given upon obedience chert,

any Verdict or Demurrer against such Plaintiff* or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and mayt0*

recover Double Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hatn0entrtI Iff*.

*r have in other Cafes by Law : And if any fuqh Action or Suit as aforesaid shall be commenced or pro-Drolle CM*

fecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in the Kingdom of Ireland, the respective Court

before whom such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted, shall allow to the Defender the Be-

nefit of the Discharge and Indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow to him his Double Costs ,

of Suit in all such Cafes as aforesaid.

X.

for

f. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and *»• Majestyim*

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, from Time to Time, as often as He *>wcrtd» br

— * ^ • * — m - — — - *—# cuznatiofi or

* ..aw*. iLiAvvtiwiik j, uid iiv ti a, ui uuv.v«mui9, uviu a line iv a miv. uiicil w A AC

or They shall find it necessary so to do, by His or Their Royal Proclamation, to be issued by and with ^ ^ council

ihc Advice of His or Their Privy Council* or by His or Their Order in Council, to be published in the to piohibmh/

l London

V

