53* C. 13,

Anno nono Georgii III.

A. D. 1769.

to be conveyed before some Jurtice of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, or for the

County of Middlesex^ and the Party or Parties accused being brought before him, such Justice {hill

fn nvciminp imrvn I li d ntr i*nr»so a r Y\T IfA/iHcc nnnBoc t/-» Kr» nc/v^u ..I.... T

Names oF the

Streets to be

written on he

Sides of the

Jloufcs.

----- - J - - 1 -----^-----, 7 --7 --7 ; 7 " ~ ... »

and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for the First Time of offending, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the.

Second Time of offending, and the Sum of Forty Shillings for the Third and every other Time of of-

fend in ff.

XIV. And be it further enacted. That the fnid Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and

may cause to be painted, engraved, or described in Stone, or otherwise, and to be affixed in a conspicu-

oua Part of One or more House or Houses, Building or Buildings, at or near each Knd, Corner, or En-

trance of all the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, the Name by

which each Street, Lane, Square, Yard, Court, Alley* Palliigc, or Place is properly or usually called

or known ; and may also cause every House, Shop, or Warehouse, in each of the said Streets, Lancs,

Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, to be marked or numbered in such Manner as they

shall judg/r moit proper for distinguishing the fame; and if any Person or Persons shul! wilfully or ma-

liciously destroy, pulldown, obliterate, or deface any such Names, Descriptions, Marks, or Numbers,

•or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the fame to be done, every Person so offending shall for evety

Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

•Favpment«not to XV, And be it further enacted. That no Person or Persons shall, without Authority from the Li A

bcalrtr vwii.'-oui Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, alter, or cause to be altered, the Form of the Pavement of

Com* nr of the any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Paffiges, and Places, which {hall be

Commifiiomris. new paved or repaired by ‘he said Commissioners, or in any way incroach thereon, upon pain that every

Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, over and

above the Expence of relaying or rcinlfating the fame according to the Directions of the said Commissio-

ners, or any Five or more of them; the said Forfeitures and Expences to be recovered by Action of

Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record, in the Name of any

Three or more of the said Commissioners, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time

being, to be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after such Offence shall be committed ; in

which AiStion or Suit, no Protection, Efioin, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be

allowed.

UoonComihint, XVI. And be it further enacted, That after the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months next after

Coromiffioir-rstothe passing of this Act, if any Two Housekeepers within the said Liberty shall make Complaint in Writ-

repairPavcmefits. j^g under their Hands to the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, of any DeffCt or

Want of Repair in any of the Pavements in any of the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys,

Passages, or Places, either before or after the fiime {hall have been new paved or repaired by virtue of this Ac!,

Iff eViB’nfi^cn and *n every such Gate the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall forthwith cause

are broke tn v/a- the Pavement so complained of to be inflected by a Surveyor; and if the fame {hall by him be found dc-

fer-piprs, the fedtive, and so reported to be to the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, unless such de-

feat shall appear to arise from a Defeat in the Water-pipes laying under such Pavement, they, the said

Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall forthwith give Orders to their Contractor or Con-

tractors, Pavior or Paviors, to repair the fame; and if such Contractor or Pavior shall not, within Four

Days next after the Receipt thereof, repair the said defective Pavement, then, and in every such Cafe,

the said Contractor or Pavior shall forfeit and Pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day that the

said defective Pavement shall remain unrepaired after the Expiration of the said Four Days.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Pipe or Pipes, belonging to any of

berft,Noticeftal] the Water Companies, which now lie or hcreatter shall be laid under Ground in any of the said Streets,

be given to the Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places, shall happen to break, burlt, or decay, so

Water as to require Reparation; the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of therm, or their Surveyor for

“F the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as they, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint

* for that Purpose, shall forthwith give or cause to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the Pavior of the

Water Company to whom he apprehends the said Pipe or Pipes belong, who is hereby required to take

up the said Pavement, and open the Ground at or near the Mace where such Heparation shall appear to

be wanting; and if the said Pavior shall,upon taking up the Pavement and opening feu h Ground, discover

that the Pipe or Pipes so broken, burst, or decayed, does not or do not belong to the said Water Com-

pany whose Pavior he is, then, and in every such Cafe, he shall forthwith give or cause to be given No-

tice thereof in Writing to the Pavior of the Company to whom the said Pipe or ipes shall appear to

belong; in which Cafe such last mentioned Pavior is hereby required upon Demand, to make Satisfaction

for the taking tip such Pavement, and opening such Ground, to the Pavior giving Notice as aforesaid;

fetch Water Company, to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong, is hereby required to

he said Pipe or Pints to he repaired, and af.crwards to fill up the said Ground, and

to mm down the feme, within Two Days next after such Notice to him given; and as soon as such Pipe

or Pipes Avail have ben so repaired, and the Ground so filled up and rammed down, he ih 11 give or cause

lo be given Notice in Wiitfeg to the Pavior or Contractor for the Time being of the said Commiifeoners;

and

Company to

aiake it good,

Tf Wa'er pirvs

and the Pavior of

cause or procure the

