Anno feptimo Georgii III.

3$4

C. 45*

CAP. XLV.

A.D. 1767.

An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man and

for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley,

Oats, Meal, and Flour, authorised by an Act made in this Session to be transported to>

the said Island.

Moji Gracious Sovereign,

fritambta c XI7HEREAS the Property of the Isle of Man being now vetted in your Majesty, your Heirs and

A& cGeo. 3. * VV Successors, in pursuance of an Act made in the fifth Year of your Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An

c, 26, % Act for carrying into Execution a Contract made, pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the twelfth of his late

4 Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of his Majesty s Treajury and the Duke and

4 Dutchess of Atholl, the Proprietors of the Isle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Purchase of the said Island

4 and its Dependencies, under certain Exceptions therein particularly mentioned; it is expedient that Provision'

4 be made for encouraging, improving, and regulating the Trade and Manufactures of the said Island, and

4 the Fisheries on the Coasts thereof: And whereas it is necessary that a Revenue should be raffed* in the

4 said Isle of Man, to answer these Purposes, and to defray the Expences of Government there : We, your

4 Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain assembled in Parliament, being

4 desirous to make some Provision for the Purposes aforesaid, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that

4 it may be enabled and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in (his present Parliament assembled.

From and ifter and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of July* one thousand seven hundred'

5 July, 1767, and sixty-seven, the Duties payable to his Majesty in the said Isle of Man on alf Goods imported there,

the former Du- or exported from thence, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid ; and that in lieu thereof there

GoLa*°ed ra^ed> levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the following Duties

or eiportrcTto for and uRon Goods and Merchandizes herein after-mentioned, which shall be brought or imported*

cease; and the into the said Isle of Man j that is to say,

Duties following to take place in lieu thereof,

Thf new Dudes. For every Gallon of British Spirits imported from that Part of Great Britain called England, one

Shilling.

For every Gallon of Rum, the Produce of the British Plantations, imported from England, one Shilling,

and six Pence.

For every Pound Weight of Bohea Tea imported from England, one Shilling.

For every Pound Weight of Green Tea imported from England, one Shilling and six Pence.

For every Pound Weight of Coffee imported from England, nine Pence.

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco imported from England, two Pence.

For every Chaldron of Coals, Winchester Measure, imported from Great Britain or Ireland, three Pence.

For and upon all Hemp* Iron, Deal Boards, and Timber, imported from Foreign Parts, five Pounds per

Centum ad Valorem.

For every Ton of French Wine imported, four Pounds.

For every Ton of all other Sorts of Wine imported, two Pounds $ and after these Rates for any greater

or less Quantity of such Wine.

For and upon all Sorts of Corn and Grain imported from England, for which any Bounty shall have

been allowed and paid upon the Exportation thereof, ten Pounds per Centum ad Valorem.

For all other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes whatsoever, which are or may be tntitled to any

Bounty, or to any Drawback of the Duties of Excise, on Exportation, in Great Britain, which shall be

-imported from Great Britain into the said Isle of Man, five Pounds per Centum ad Valorem.

For and upon all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes whatsoever, not herein before particularly charged

{except such Goods as are exempt from Duty by this Aftj imported from Great Britain or Ireland, two

Pounds ten Shillings per Centum ad Valorem.

And for and upon all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes whatsoever, not herein before particularly

charged (except such as are exempt from Duty by this Act) imported from any other Port or Place from

;*» whence such Goods may be lawfully imported into the said Isle of Man, fifteen Pounds^ Centum ad Valorem.

-•%

PutI<f*to^ePa!<l II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates and Duties herein

without any Di f- l)e^ore granted, shall be paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Allowance; and shall be

^ount; ana to raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, under the Authority and Direction of the Commissioners of

U rjifed ani le- the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, in like Manner and Form, and by the feme

*i<d under Au- Rules, Regulations, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Duties of Customs, payable in

thor>ty and Di Qreaf Britain, are raised, levied, collected, and recovered, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and

CoimniH-oners Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereto, were

-•f the Tieafory, particularly repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present Act; and (except the necessary Charges

See. and to be of rnifing, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and accounting for the fame) the said Ra'es

paid in:o the and Duties shall, from time to time, be brought and paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer,

f *ch UUeth?art distinaiy and aPart a^ other Branches of the Publick Revenue j and such Part thereof as Ciall remain,

