The TITLES of the STATUTES.

ship of Naburn, in the East Riding of the County of

York.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Waste Grounds,

in the Parish of Blaby, in the County of Leicester.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish

of Countefthorpe, in the County of Leicester.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Pa-

rish of Hexton, in the County of Hertford, except a

Common Pasture, called The Cow Common.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields and Grounds, in the Hamlet of Walsworth,

in the Parish of Hitchen, in the County of Hertford.

52. An Act for allotting, dividing, inclosing, and draining,

several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Waste

and Fen Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of

Bourn, in the County of Lincoln.

>53. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-

mon Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Pat-

trin?ton, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County

of York.

54- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and Commons or Commonable

Grounds, in the Township of Brigham, in the Parish of

Fofton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields of Lubnam, otherwise Lubenham, in the

County of Leicester.

56. An Act for inclosing, paving, cleansing, lighting, and

adorning, Berkley Square, in the Parish of Saint George

Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex.

57. An Act for vesting Part of a Messuage, with the Ap-

purtenances, intailed by the Will of the Most Noble

Charles late Duke of Grafton, deceased, in Trustees, to

be fold ; and for purebafing another Messuage, or Lands,

to be settled to the like Uses.

$8. An Act for vesting the Mansion House of the Earl

and Countess of Pozvis, in Albemarle Street, now settled

on them and their I flue, in Trustees, to sell the same ;

and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale, in the

Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to

the like Uses.

59. An Act for vesting certain Manors, Reftories, Lands,

Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Coun-

ties of Somerset and Devon, devised by the Will of 'John

late Earl of Portsmouth, deceased, in Trustees, to be

fold ; and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale,

in the Purchase of other Manors, Rectories, Lands,

Tythes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to

the Uses limited by the said Will.

60. An Act for vesting in Trustees, the settled Estate of

Washington, Earl Ferrers, in the County of Derby, to

be fold, for satisfying the Incumbrances and Portions

affecting the fame, and the rest of his settled Estates ;

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

61. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Gooch Baronet, and his

Sons, Thomas Gooch, William Gooch, and John Gooch,

and their Guardians, and the Guardians of rheir Sons,

duringtheir Minority, to grant Building Leases of cer-

tain Lands in Birmingham, in the County of Warwick;

and to grant a Piece of Land, lying in the lame Town,

for the Purposes of building a Church, and making a

Church-yard ; and to exchange some Lands tfwre.

62. An Act for Sale of the Manor, Capital Me flu age,

and late difiolved Priory, of Ryegate, in the County of

Surrey j and also of several Freehold and Copyhold

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties

of Surrey and Sussex, late the Estate of Sarah Par fens.

Widow, deceased, for raising Money to discharge In-

cumbrances affecting the lame.

63. An Act for the Sale and Disposition of Part of the

settled Estate of Thomas Lloyd Esquire, for paying and

discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the

fame, and for providing an Equivalent or Compenfa-

tion for the fame, to the Issue inheritable under his

Marriage Settlement.

64. An Act for confirming the Sale of Part of the Estates

late of Robert Nedham Esquire, deceased, situate in the

Kingdom of Ireland, for the Term of five hundred

Years, to George Nedham Esquire, for confirming an

Agreement made between the Widow and Children of

the said Robert Nedham ; and for vesting Part of the

said Robert Nedham $ said Estates in Trustees, to be sold,

for the Payment of the Debts, Legacies, and other In-

cumbrances, affecting such Estates; and for other the

Purposes therein mentioned.

65. An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of certain

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in

the several Counties of Bedford\ Northampton, Leicester,

and EJJ'ex, and in the City of London, late the Estate of

Piggott Ince Esquire, deceased, and Mary late the Wife,

and now the Widow, of the said Piggott Ince, in Truf-

tees, to be sold and disposed of, in pursuance of certain

Agreements ; and for discharging Debts and Incum-

brances, and other the Purposes therein mentioned, and

for applying and placing out the Surplus of the* Pur-

chafe-money upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes

therein mentioned.

66. An Act to establish a Proposal, made by William Con*

Jlable Esquire, to the Governors of the Charity for the

Relief of the Poor Widows and Children of Clergymen,

in relation to a Piece or Parcel of Land, called Cherry

Cobb Sand, in the County of York.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

Commons, or Waste Grounds, situate, lying, and being,

within the Manors of Aston and Wales, in the County

of York.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste

Grounds, in the Parishes of Carlton Forehoe, and Kim*

her ley, in the County of Norfolk.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and

Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty of

Bar net by upon the Woulds, in the County of Lincoln.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open

Grounds, or Pastures, and some Parts of a certain Moor

or Tract of Waste Land, within the Manor of Bones,

in the County of York.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Ara-

ble Fields, Meadows, Pasture, and Waste Grounds, in

the Parishes of Scothorn and Sudbrooke, in the County of

York.

72. An Act for inclosing and dividing a Common, cal’e-i

Thorpe Marsh, ar.d a Piece of Land, called Grumble

Hirft, within the Parish of Barmby upon Dunn, in the

Country of York.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, Meadows, P .dimes, and Waste Grounds, with-

in the Manor and Pari ill of Corby, in the County of

Lincoln.

74. An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the

fourth Year of his present Majesty, for draining, pre-

saving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Cars,

