Tfic TITLES of' the STATUTES.

34. An Act to enlarge and vary the Term and Powers of

tin Act for repairing am! widening the Road from the

Weft End of Thames Stre-7, in the City of Oxford, over

Boi ley Canfew ay, to the Turnpike Road near VU'ull, in

the County of Berks; and to provide more cfk\':tua)l\

for repairing and widening the ancient Hoi Id Road

from the Weft End of Botlcy causeway to 1 Pitney y in the

County of Oxford.

35. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, several Roads leading to and through the Town of

Goutlhu'ji in the County of Kent.

36. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable

Canal fiom the City of Coventry, to communicate upon

Fradley Ileatk, in the County of Stafford, with a Canal

now making between the Rivers Trent and Alcrfey.

37. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut

or Canal from the River Severn, at or near a Place called

Hanford, in the Parish of Claims, in the County of

Worcester, to or near a PI nee called Chapel Bridge, within

the Borough of Droitwich, in the said County.

38. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut

or Canal from Birmingham to Bilfone, and from thence

to Autherley, there to communicate with the Canal now

making between the Rivers Severn anti Trent ; and for

making collateral Cuts up to several Coal Mines.

39. An Act to continue the Terms and enlarge the Powers

of several Acts of the twelfth of Queen Anne, the twelfth

of King George the First, and the twenty-second of his

late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of

Worcester, through Droitwich to Brcmfgrove, and other

Roads therein mentioned ; and to repeal an Act of the

twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty for repairing the

Roads lying in and leading from Droitivich aforesaid ;

and for amending the several Roads which were directed

to be repaired by the said Act.

40. An Act for rebuilding and enlarging the Common

Gaol of the City and County of the City of Coventry;

and for appointing a Place for the Custody of Priioners

in the mean Time.

41. An A Si for continuing and enlarging the Powers of

an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the

Read from the Tcp of Crickley Hill, in the County of

Glouctfter, to Frogg Mill, through the Towns of North

Leach, Burford, and Witney, and Parifl.es of Hanbo-

rough and Bladon, to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kid-

lington, in the County of Ox ford ; and a If0 the Hoad from

Witney, through Eynfham, Cumner, and Botlcy, to the

City of Oxford ; except so much thereof as relates to the

Road from Witney, through Eynfham, Cumnery and

Botley, to the City of Oxford; and also for repairing

and widening the Road from Camp.fold, to the Turn-

pike Road at or near Endow Brifoe. in the said County

of Oxford.

42. An Act for enlarging and continuing the Term and

Powers granted determined by an Act passed in the twentieth Year

of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road

from Sunderland near the Sea, to the City of Durham,

in the County of Durham.

43. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act

made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty, for repairing the Road from the thirty-nine

Mile Stone in Maid ft one, to Tubb's Lake, in the Parish

of Cranlrooke, in the County of Kent*

44. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act

made in the second Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty, for supplying the Town of Halifax with

Water* and for better paving, cleansing, and lighting,

the Streets and other Places there ; and for removing aH

Nuihnces, Incroachments, and Obstructions, within the

said Town, and preventing the like for the future.

\r. An Act to continue and render more effectual several

Acts pH fed for reputing the Road leading from The

St ne$ Lnd, in the P.irHh of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in.

tiic County of Alidd'.efex, to the farthermolt Part of the

Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield, in the fame

County, next to the Parish of Chefl>unt, in the County

of lint ford; and for amending the Road from The

// etch House in Edmonton, to The Alarkct P.aee in

Enfold. ^

An Act for repealing an Act made in the twenty-ninth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty KingGroRGE

the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the

R ightly I! atib and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightcning%

and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages*

and repairing the Highways and Caujnvays, and regu-

lating the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone*

in the County of Middlesex j and for making more effec-

tual Provision for those Pur poles.

47. An Act for diverting, altering, widening, repairing*

and amending, the Road from Huddersfield, in the Wcifc

Riding of the County of Vorky to JPoodheady in the

County Palatine of Che/lcr; and from thence to a

Bridge over the River AJersey, called Enterclough Bridge*

on the Confines of the County of Derby.

48. An Act for continuing the Terms of several Acts made

in the thirteenth Year of King George the First, and

in the seventeenth and thirty-second Years of his late

Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from and

through Chippenham, and from Chippenham Bridge, in

the County of Wilts j and for amending the said Acts*

and reducing them into one Act of Parliament.

49. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an A£1

made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the

Road from The Green Man in the Chapelry of Seendy in

the County of Wilts, to Beekingtony in the County of

Somerset; and for repealing so much of an Act ma:e in

the same Year for repairing several Roads in the Coun-

ties of Wilts and Somerset, as relates to the Road from

a Place in Trowle Bridge Lane to Midford, and from

Frejhford to Hall's Clcfe in Limpley Stoke ; and for amend-

ing the said Road% and also several other Roads leading

from or near the Roads included in the said Acts.

50. An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering*

the Road leading from Readings in the County of Berks*

through Henley, in the County of Oxford, and Great

Alai lozu. Chipping Wycombe, Agmondefham, and Gbcynes%

in the County of Bucks, and Rickmanfworthy Watford*

and Saint A dans, to Hatfield, in the County of Hert-

ford\ and also the Road leading out of the said Road

at Marlow^ over Great Marlow Bridge, through B\fnam+

to or near the Thirty Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road

leading from Maidenhead to Reading.

51. An Act for amending and widening several Roads

leading from the Town of Bljhop's Caffe, nnd from

Montgomery, to the Turnpike Road at I Cel bury, and

from Brofton, to the Turnpike Road at Minjlcriey, in the

several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery.

52. An Act for icpairing and widening the Road from the

Way Poll in the Parish of Harding fion, in the County

of Northampton, to Old Stratford, in the said County.

53. An Act for repairing and widening the Road front

Buckland Dinham, to the End of the Parish of Tim flairy ;

and also the Road from Midsummer Norton, to the End

of the Parish of Norton Saint Phillips * and also the Road

from

