204 C. 29.

Anno sexto Georgii III.

A. D. 1766.

Limitation of

Adtitfm.

Certain Goods

not within the

Extent of this

Act.

Commencement XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take place

ofthisnAaaanCC from an<* a^tcr ^e said fourteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six ; and shall con-

0 1 14 * tinne and be in force for the Space of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sessionof

Parliament, and no longer.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That all Informations, Bills, Actions*

and Suits, that shal! be had, brought, commenced, sued, or exhibited, for any Forfeiture or Offence

committed against this Act, shall and may be had, brought, commenced, sued, and exhibited, within twelve

Calendar Months after the Discovery of such Offence ; and, in case of Seizure and Condemnation, within

six Calendar Months after Judgement of Condemnation shall be obtained thereon.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any wrought Silk or Velvet which shall be manufac-

tured in, and imported from, the East Indies ; or to any Silk Crapes, or Tiffanies, of the Manufactureof

Italy.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued

General lfl*ue. or prosecuted for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, he or they may plead the General Issue, and

give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame

was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act : And if it shall appear to have been so done, then

the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants : And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit,

or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, after the Defendantor Defendants shall have appeared;

or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; the De-

TrcMcCofts. fondant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, for which they shall have the like Remedy, as Defendants

have in other Cafes by Law where Costs are allowed to Defendants.

Recital ofClause 4 XV. And whereas by an Act made in twelfth Year of his Majesty King George the First, intituled*

in Ati ix Geo. 1 An All to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Pai-

1. relating to the « ment cf their Wages; there is contained a Clause, whereby it is enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall,

Woollen Manu- < j)ay Qr ^ Night, break into any House or Shop, or enter by Force into any House or Shop, with

Intent to cut or destroy any Serge, or other Woollen Goods, in the Loom, or any Tools employed in

the making thereof; or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy any such Serges, or Woollen Goods*

in the Loom, or on the Rack ; or shall burn, cut, or destroy, any Rack, on which any such Serges, or

other Woollen Goods, are hanged in order to dry ; or shall wilfully and maliciously break or destroy

any Tools used in the making any such Serges, or other Woollen Goods, not having the Consent of the

Owner so to do; every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of

Felony, and shall suffer Death, as in Cafes of Felony without Benefit of Clergy : And whereas it is ne-

ceftary and expedient that the Provision contained in the said Clause shall be extended to the Silk Manu-

faftureof this Kingdom ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons

SthcCSUk,Ma by Day or by Night, break into any House or Shop, or enter by Force into any House or Shop, with

mJaAure. an£ Intent to cut or destroy any Velvet, wrought Silk, or Silk mixed with any other Materials, or other Silk

Offcndei* art Manufacture, in the Loom, or any Warp or Shute, Tools, Tackle, or Utensils ; or shall wilfully

ftt^ea to suffer and maliciously cut or destroy arty Velvet, wrought Silk, or Silk mixed with any other Materials, or other

Death, as in Silk Manufacture, in the Loom, or any Warp or Shute, Tools, Tackle, or Utensils, prepared oremployed

without BelttfiV *n or for l^e making* thereof; or shall wilfully and maliciously break or destroy any Tools, Tackle, or

faduic.

The Provisions

in the recited

of Clergy.

Utensils, used in or for the weaving or making any such Velvet, wrought Silks, or Silks mixed with any

other Materials, or other Silk Goods, or Silk Manufacture, not having the Consent of the Owners so to

do; every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall

suffer Death* as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Preamble,

From and after

<4 June, 176S

all Frame work

knitted Pieces

and Stocking-s

(tho'e made of

Silk excrpte<i)

containing three

or more

Threads, are

to be m irked

whh the fame

Kumber of llet-

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to prevent the fraudulent marking of Frame-work Knitted Pieces* and Stocking*.

c TT 7 HERE AS Persons employed in the Frame-work knitted Manufactures, do often mark their

* VV Goods to denote the fame to be made with a greater Number of Threads than such Manufac-

* tures arc really made of, to the great Imposition of the Buyers, and Discredit of the said Manufactures at

c foreign Markets :* Therefore, to prevent the like Impositions and Deceits for the future. May it please

your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, 2nd Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of

June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, all Frame-work knitted Pieces, and Stockings made of

Thread, Cotton, Worsted, or Yarn, or any Mixture of all or any of the said Materials, or of any Mate-

rials of any other Kind or Nature whatsoever (except such as shall be made of Silk only) which shall con-

tain three or more Threads, shall be marked with the fame Number of llet-holes, and no more, as there

are Threads contained in each Piece or Pair of such Goods and Manufactures; and such Uet holes shall

be made in a plain and distinct Manner in one direct Line, or in the fame Course, and shall not exceed the

Dist ance of three Inches from the two extream llet-holes ; and no such llet-holes shall he made or placed

within the Distance of four Inches of any Letter, Figure, Mark, or other Device, which shall be put or

woven in any such Goods or Manufactures; and all such llet-holes shall be made within four Inches of

the l of or End of every such Piece or Pair of such Goods and Manufactures; and that no Ilet-hole, or

Imitation

