$3V

C. 40.

Anno feptimo Georgii III.

A.D. 17^7.

to be verified

upon Oath*

The Oath.

possessed of, or inti tied to, Pbrfonal Eftat© to the value of eight hundred Pounds; or ft all be Heir Ap

parent of a Person possessed of an Estate in Land of the clear yearly Value of eighty Pounds; and mrteft

ne hath taken, or shall (not being such Heir Apparent as aforesaid) before he acts as such Truflter, take

and subscribe the Oath following, before any two or more of the Trustees appointed, or to be appointed,

by or in pursuance of such Act, who are hereby authorised and impowered to administer the feme, in the

Words, or to the Effect, following $ that is to say,

c TAB do swear, That I truly and bona fide am, in my own Right, or in the Right of my Wife, in the

* X actual Possession and Enjoyment, or Receipt, of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Here-

' * ditaments, of the clear yearly Value of (forty Pounds) or possessed of or intitled to, a perforrai Estate, to

* the Value of (eight hundred Pounds, as the Cafe may be) So help me GOD.’

to I Penalty on And if any Pferfon shall[presume to act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, every stich Person

Per fans, not shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds to any rerfon who fhaff sue for the

doiy qualified, fam€ . to ^ recovered in any of his Majesty*S Courts of Record by Act ion of Debt, or on the Cafe* or by

pre utmag o gjjj^ w Information; wherein no Eflotn, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more thmonelmpar-

lance, shall be allowed ; and such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as above, or

otherwise shall pay the said Sum of fifty Pounds, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the

' Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of any

such A ft.

OfficentodtiVptr XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers ap-

«p to Trustees pointed, or to be appointed, by any A St or Acts made or to be made for the Repair of any Turnpike Roads,

and their respective Executors or Admmiftratora, shall, withm ten Days after Notice, in Writing, to them

respectively given by the Commissioners or Trustees of stich Roads, or any five or mane of them, ara

Meeting held pursuant to-such Act, produce and deliver up to suchs Trustees, all Books, Accounts, Papers,

or Writings whatsoever, relative to the Execution of focn respective Offices, which (half be rn their Cirf-

mll Books and

Papers in their

Custody, SU.

relating to the

Execution of

their Office,

on Forfeiture

so

» tody-or Power > and every such Officeror Person as aforesaid neglecting or refofing Co produce and deliver

* of up such Books, Account!, Papers, or Wt itings, after such Notice n aforesaid, shall, far every such Neglect

or Refusal respectively, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

PersonidiGjuaii- XXXVI. And it is hereby farther enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall keep any Viftoalling*

fied from thing house, Ale-house, or other House of PuWtck Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer,

at Trustees, or Ale, spirituous or other strong Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of taking,

holding any of- holding, or enjoying, any Place or Places of Tmft or Profit under the Trustees of any Act of Parliament

fice under the made, or to be made, for erecting Turnpikes respectively, or of forming the Tolls thereby granted ancf

orVawnndK. payable* during such Time as be mall5 keep such-vifttialling-house, Ale-house, or other Hbufeof

TnUsV* Publick Eotorttunmenti or shall fell any Wmei Beer, Cyder, Ale, spirituous or other strang Eiquors, bf

Retail.

* XXXVII. And whereas the Trustees of fevera! Tumpikc Roads are not ftffickntly impowerrf topumfli

Koifancesoftthec Nuifences in the several Roads under thefr Care;’ be it therefore farther enacted. That the fafd’Trustees

Road may be of the fevcrat Roads respectively, or any fire or more of them, at a general Meetings may, and'they are

prosecuted at the hereby impowered, if they shall think fit, to direct Prosecutions by Indictment against the Offender or

r«^Cn^usa bf the for any Nuisance done, cammittcrf, or continued, in or upon any of the Turnpike Koacfe

•Turopikc. under their Care respectively, at the Expence of the Revenues belonging to such Turnpike Roads, to be

Prosecutions re- allowed by such Trustees, or any five or more of them, at feme subsequerrt general Meeting: Provided that

drained, unicfs nothing in this AftfhalF be cormrued to imperwer the Trustees t^nerfecute, or cause to be prosecuted,.any

upon offender’s Person for any such Offence, unless upon the Confeflixm of the Offender, or that one or more Witness oc

SoSby wk^ Wltnesses can be had and produced to prove the Commission of stich Offence.

* XXXVIII. And whereas fraudulent Connivances may be praft^ftd by Offenders, their Primds, and

c others, to evade the just Recovery of Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by the Laws relating for Turnpike

4 Roads, by fetfing up colourable Prosecutions and Seizures, with intent to favour Offenders agrinft tfter

( fekf Laws, and todkeouragejuft and real Prosecutions ;* for Remedy thereof, beitenadled. That itffralT

and may be lawful for all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom there ftaH be any In-

formation or Pfocceding for any Penalty or Forfeiture inflffted by this or any Act or Acts of Parliament

made, or to be made, for repairing and amending Turnpike Roads; and they are hereby required* where,

any prior Seizure, Information, or Conviction, shall be set up orinfifted upon, by way of Defence, or to

defeat any Information of Proceeding, or any Seizure for any Forfeitsreror Penalty inffifted as aforrfticL

to examine into the real Merits of fitch prior Seimire* Information*, Proceeding^ or Conviction ; and if

thereupon it Avail appear that the fame was- not done* made, or prosecuted eniftu*lly*, to recover and

apply the Penalty or Forfeiture for the true and real Ends and Purposes for which fitch Penalties and for-

feitures were enacted* but to favour the Offender, such prior Seizure* Information, or Gonviftton* (Ml be

deemed to be fraudulent, and null and void, toaU Intents and Purposes whatfcrever j and every focH Justic©

or, Justices of the Peace shall proceed to determine and convrft, as if no prior Seizure, Information* or*

Conviction, had been made, prosecuted, or obtained.

XXX(X. And be it further enacted. That where a fofficient Namber of the Trustees appointed, or to Be

appointed, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made, or to be made, for making, amending, or repairing^

any particular Turnpike Roads, shall not meet on the Day appointed, or to be appointed, by any such

Act or Acts respectively, for their firflr Meetingj or shall not meet on the Day appointed, or to be appoint-

ed,

Fritodofart ind

colourable Pro-

fecutioa* rad

Seizures, set up

to favour Offen-

ders, to be en-

quired into and

fetafi4e#<

Wbtae a foffid-

ent Number of

Trustees to

ftuli not meet

