252 C. 43. Anno sexto Georgii III. A. D; 176&

to any Person appointed by them, or any five of them, to be named in such Notice, of all Monies by

them received, or by any Person or Persons for their Use or Benefit, or by his, her, or their Authority,

at such Toll-gate or Bar, not being accounted for, and of the Sum or Sums he, she, or they, have ex-

on Forfeiture of pended in keeping the fame; and m case he, she, or they, in either Cafe respectively, shall negl'ed to

5I. render such Account when required, in the Manner herein directed, he, (be, or they, shall severally for-

feit and pay to the said Trustees or Commissioners, for every Refusal, Neglect, or Omission to render fuc’rt

to be recovered Account, the Sum of five Pounds; to be recovered by the said Trustees or Commissioners, or any five or

inafummary more of them, or by the Treasurer or Clerk to such Trustees or Commissioners, in a summary Manner,

r j before one Justice of the Peace; and, when recovered, shall be applied to the Use of the respective Road

the Use Of the or Roads whereon such Toll-gate or Bar shall be placed.

The Gate-keep- VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Gate-keeper or Toll-gatherer of

«r also it to ac. every such Toll-gate or Bar shall, when required by Notice in Writing from the said Trustees or Com-

count upon missioners, or any five or more of them, render upon Oath, to be admtniftered by and taken before any

one Justice of the Peace, Trustee or Commissioner of such Turnpike Road (which Oath such Justice,.

fronT4 Trustee*5 Trustee, or Commissioner, is hereby authorized and impowered to administer} a true and exact Account iiv

for All Monies Writing to the said Trustees or Commissioners, or to any Person to be named in such Notice appointed by

received not be- them, or any five of them, of all Monies received by him, her, or them, at such Toll-gate or Bar^jnot

fore accounted before accounted for, under the Penalty of twenty Shillings for every such Offence or Neglect; to be

fcr, on Penalty ^covered in a summary Manner before any one Justice of the Peace, and applied ta the Use of the respec*

co bTiecevered t*vc &oad on which such Toll-gate shall be placed.

La a summary Way, and applied to the Use of the Road y

but I. not obKj- VII. Provided always. That such Gate-keeper or Toll-gatherer shall not hereby be obliged to account

ofteneVthi"' 0ftener than once in every fourteen Days.

ooce a Fortnight*

Mortgagee keep- VIII* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees

»og Pott-flion shall keep Possession of any Toll-gate or Bar by him, her, or themselves, or by any other Person or Person*

on her, or their Behalf, and receive the Tolls or Duties thereat, after such Mortgagee or Mortgagees

Interest, forfeits shall have received the full Sum or Sums of Money due on the respective Mortgage or Mortgages, and

double the Sur- the Interest thereof \ such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall forfeit and pay, as a Penalty, to the said Trustees

plus Money re- or Commissioners, double the Sum or Sums of Money he, she, or they, shall have received over and above

tere^’whh111" Sum or Sums Money due on such Mortgage or Mortgages, and the Interest thereof, with Treblfe

Treble Coftiof Costs of Suit; to be recovered by the said Trustees or Commissioners, or by the Treasurer or Clerk to such

Suit. Trustees or Commissioners, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his MajestyV

Courts of Record at Westminster, and when, recovered shall be applied to the Use of the respective Road or

Roads on which such Toll-gate or Bar shall be placed.

4 IX. And whereas by several Acts of Parliament for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick

€ Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, the Persons guilty of several Offences against the said

Acts are subject to the Forfeiture of one of the Horses or Bealls drawing the Waggon, Cart, or Car-

riage, of such-Offender, with all Gears, Bridles, Halters, and Accoutrements, to such Horse or Bead

€ belonging, upon Proof being made of the Offence upon Oath before one Justice of the Peace; such

4 Horle or other Beast to be immediately delivered to the Person or Persons who seized or distrained the

4 fame, to and for his and their own Use and Benefit: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Person

4 distraining is a competent Witness for the Proof of such Offence :* For removing of such Doubts, be it

Cttm&ioMfor further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of July* one thousand seven

oBences against hundred and sixty-six, no such Conviction shall be bad or made, unless upon the Oath of one or more

the Turnpike credible Witness or Witnesses not interested in such Seizure.

Afls, where the

Penalty is The Forfeiture of one of the FTbrfes, it to be upon the Oath of two WitneBes not interested;

Appeal to the X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves.

Quarter Sessions aggrieved by the Determination of any Justice of the Peace, he, she, or they, may appeal to the then

‘owe next General Quarter Session of the Peace, who shall finally determine the Matter of such Appeal, and

No Certiorari to a^ow such Costs, not exceeding forty Shillings to either Party, as stich Sessions shall think fit; on which

lie against their Determination no Certiorari shall lie or be brought.

Determination*

Trustees mayaft XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Trustee or Commissioner of any

at justices in aH Turnpike Road appointed, or to be appointed, by virtue of any Act now or hereafter to be made, may aft

Manet* relating as a Justice of the Peace in hearing and determining Offences, and alt other Matters, relating to such Road,

10'.h5 Ro*ds fotin as full and ample a Manner as if he was not Commissioner or Trustee t any Law, Custom, or Ubge, to

^ae«.ey”P the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP.

