682 C. 21, 2 2. Anno decimo Georgii Iir. A.D. 1770.

of Action shall arifie, and not afterwards ; and shall be laid in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and not

General Ifiue. elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, may plead the General (due, and

give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereon : And if the Plaintiff7 or

Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such Action or Suit; or if upon a Verdict or Demurrer

Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff’or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may reco-

treble Coftf. ver Treble Costs, and have such Remedies for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have

in any other Cafes where Coffs are given by Law.

Publick Act. XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged,

and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices,

and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for better supplying the City, of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof, with Water;

and for the better paving and lighting the said City j and for removing and preventing all

Obstrudtions and Annoyances therein.

Preamble.

Qualification of

Commissionen.

WHEREAS the Proprietors of the Water-works for supplying the City of Worcester with Wa-

ter from the River Severn, have for several Years pass iuffered the said Water-works to fall into

4 Decay, and the said City at present is not properly supplied with Water for the Use of the Inhabi-

4 tants thereof: And whereas the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the said City, are greatly

4 obstructed, and subject to Annoyances: And whereas it would be of great Advantage to the said City,

4 and contribute to the Health of the Inhabitants, if the fame was sufficiently supplied with Water,

4 and the Sewers and Drains kept properly cleansed and repaired, and the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and

4 Passages, were properly lighted and paved, and all Incroachments, Obstrudlions, and Annoyances therein

4 were removed and prevented for the future: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it May be en-

4 acted;’ and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That every Person that now resides, or hereafter shall refiJe within the said City

of Worcester, and occupies a Mefl’uage or Tenement, with its Appurtenances, of the annual Rent or

Value of Ten Pounds, and shall also be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife in the actual

Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds above Reprizes, or poifefl’ed of, or intitled unto, a Person al

Estate alone of the clear Value of Eight hundred Pounds, during the Time of such Residence only, shall

be, and are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution.

II. Provided always. That no Person shall be capable of a£ling as a Commissioner in the Execution of

this Act, unless he shall take the Oath following before any Seven or more of the said Commissioners,

who are hereby authorised and required to administer the fame, before he takes upon himself to act in the

Trusts and Authorities by this Adl granted j ;.\vhich Oath shall be in the Words or to the Effect

following, videlicet, . v 9

. Jhc Oath. 4 T j4B do swear, That I do reside within the City of Worcester, and am truly and bora fide in the Oc-

4 X cupation of a Messuage or Tenement, with its Appurtenances, of the annua! Rent or Value of

4 Ten Pounds; and that I am in my own Right, or in the Right of my Wife, in the actual Possession

4 and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the

4 clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds above Reprizes, or possessed of or intitled unto a personal Estate

4 alone, of the clear Value of Eight hundred Pounds.

Pirft Meeting of

Commissioners.

fTvfo Commissio-

»ers sufficient for

Adjournment. In

Default of a (uf-

ficient Number to

aft. Notice ro be

g.ven of another

i.*:eting.

No Act to be *a.

Jid unless at a

Jviect ng.

Commissioners

n t to act .1 ijite-

nM.

III. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shal!

meet at the Guildhall in the said City of Worcester, upon Tuesday the First Day of May, One thousand

(even hundred and seventy, and proceed to the Execution of this A61; and adjourn themselves, from

'Time to Time, and afterwards meet there, or at any other Place within the said City, as the said Com-

missioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think most convenient, as often as it shall be neceflhry

to meet to put this A61 in Execution; and that Two Commissioners shall be sufficient for the Purpose

of Adjournment only: And if it shall happen, that there shall not appear at any Meeting a sufficient Num-

ber of Commissioners to adjourn to any other Day, then, and as ofeen as such Cafe shall happen, the

Clerk to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, though not assembled at a Meeting to be

held in pursuance of this A61, shall by Notice in the Worcester Journal, or fotne other Newspaper circu-

lated in the fad City, appoint the Commissioners to meet on the Day Fortnight from the Day such 1 aft

Meeting was to have been held ; and all Matters and Things which Thai] be done and transadlcd at any

Meeting which shall be held in pursuance of such Notice, shall be as valid and effectual as if the fame had

been done at any other Meeting held by virtue of this A61.

iv. r ~ •- ~ " '

of this

before mentioned) of calling Meetings where Adjournments shall not have been made as aforesaid ; and

that no Person during the Time he shall have any Share or Interest in any Contra6l or beneficial Employ-

ment under this Act, or while any Appeal shall be depending wherein he shall be interested, shall be ca-

pable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act*

Y. And

uunc at uiiiu ntiu \.>y viuut ui iun

T. Provided always. That no Commissioner shall be capable of a£ling in any Cafe in the Execution

ns Act, unle fs at fomc publick Meeting to be held by virtue of this A61, (except only in the Cafe

D . led by

