A.D. 1770.

y86 C. 51. Anno decirno Georgii III.

ing Right to such Decree, fha.ll be preferred to the other Creditors of the Heir of Entail who has

succeeded to the Efface.

Heir n>cd for Money due XVI. Provided always. That when any Heir in Possession is sued for the Money due on account

for improvements, to be Gf Improvements made upon an entailed Estate, under the Authority of this A£, he shall be dif-

Cafes ffom such Suit, upon his assigning and effectual iy conveying to the Creditor or

of cImiRents,1&c. " Creditors One Third Part of the clear Rents of the entailed Estate, during his Life, or until the

Money so due (half thereby be paid off and discharged.

XVII. And whereas it may happen that the Heir of Entail, who next succeeds the Proprietor

4 who expended the Money in the improvement of the entailed Estate, may die, before the Money

4 d ie by him on account of Improvements made upon the Estate is paid, by which the Person or

' Persons in the Right of the Money due may be embarrassed in recovering Payment: For Remedy

wheieof,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons in the Right of the

Money due, may sue the Money due, may either sue the Heirs and Successors of the said next Heir of Entail in any other

Heirs of nrxr He.r, or than the emailed Estate, or the Heir of Entail next succeeding to him, or both, and use every Kind

fteir next fuelling, Gf Diligence or Execution, authorised by the Law of Scotland in the recovering Payment of Debts,

against them and their Estates, excepting Adjudication against the entailed Estate, until the Money

»nd, m Competin'n,« <juc j$ fujly satisfied and pai<j . and the Person or Persons in the Right of the Money due shall, in

BB bbS _ _ / » A. _ A . A BBB -B. . I. n O BA M A. B BB C A 1a a A BA Abb b I .. J t /X BB A — - Ib A AA -B B ^a AAA bJ A a A 1b BA A-B BB BB CB BA bb 1 BB BA A BA AA BA A 1b BA

Persons in the R'glvtr.f

fh^ll be preferred to per-

fonal CieJitor?,

and like wife succeeding

Heiir,

with like Preference.

R-lief, competent to

focerffivr Heirs, to the

Extent of One Third

Tailor the Renta.

Hein of Entail, Sec. sued

Axil be discharged, on

Payment of One Third

1f their Reau.

any Competition for the Rents of the entailed Estates, be preferred to the personal Creditors of the

Heir of Entail in Possessioff; and the Person or Persons in the Right of the Money due,in like Manner

shall be intitled to sue every succeeding Heir of Entail, until the Money is satisfied^ and paid; and

shall have the fame Preference to the Rents of the entailed Estate in Competition, with the Creditors

of such Heirs of Entail.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Heir who next

succeeds in the entailed Estate to the Proprietor who expended the Money- under the Authority of

this Act, m making Improvements upon the Estate, and the Heirs and Successors of such Heir,

shall be bound to relieve all subsequent Heirs of all or such Parts of the Debt, incurred by the Im-

provement of the Estate under the Authority of this Act, as shall be paid by them, to the extent of

One Third Part of the Rents which have come to the Use of such first succeeding Heir, or to the

Use of his Heirs or Executors; and wher* the Third Part of the Rents which have come to the

Use of the first succeeding Heir, or to his Heirs or Executors, are exhausted, then the next succeed-

ing Heir, and his Heirs and Successors, shall in like Manner be bound to relieve ajl subsequent

Heirs, to the Extent of One Third Part of the Rents which have come to their Use; and Relief shall

in like Manner be competent to every succeeding Heir who shall pay, against the Heirs and Succef-

fors of the preceding Heir. '

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Heirs and

^account ot Improve- Succx.fl;>rs Qf an Heir of Entail, in any other than the entailed Estate, are sued for the Money due

c on account of Improvements made upon an entailed Estate under the Authorityof this AEt, they

shall be discharged in all Cafes from such Suits, upon making Payment of One Third Part of the

Rents of the entailed Estate which have come to the Use of such Heir of Entail, or to the Use of his

said Heirs or Successors.

XX. And whereas Inconveniencies and Confusion might arise from the Executor, Assignee, or

4 other Person or Persons having Right to the Claim arising from Money expended by the rroprie-

4 for of an entailed Estate in the Improvement thereof, their not timeously requiring the Heir next

4 succeeding in the Estate to pay what they are intitled to receive by Authority of this Act, and fu-

4 ing such Heir to compel him to pay, if Payment is not made: For Remedy whereof,* be it enact-

—--ed by the Authority aforesaid, That the Executor, Assignee, or other Person or Persons having Right

to the Claim arising from Money expended by the Proprietor of an entailed Estate in the Improve-

y *- ment thereof, shall be obliged, within the Space of Two Years after the Death of the Proprietor

who expended the Money, to require Payment from the succeeding Heir; and within the Space of

Six Months after the Elapse of the said Two Years to institute an Action if the Money is not paid,

in the Court of Session; and to proceed without Delay in recovering a Decree for the Sum due, and

doing exact Diligence for recovering Payment thereof, or at least to the Amount of One Third

Part of the free Kents of the Estate which shall have become due to such succeeding Heir.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Execotor,

Assignee, or other Person or Persons, having Right to the Claim arising from Money expended by

the Proprietor of an entailed Estate, who shall neglect to require the next, or any other succeeding

Heir or Heirs to pay, and shall allow such succeeding Heir or Heirs to die without recovering Pay-

to fobfrquent Hairs for ment from him or them to the Amount of One Third Part at least, of the Rents that shall have

such Sum; become due to such Heir or Heirs, shall ccafe to be Creditor to the subsequent succeeding Heir or

betccoverTM^lTyfrom ^e'rs respectively, to the Extent of One Third Part of the Rents which shall have become due to

£xfcutor«, &c. of the Heir or Heirs so deceasing as aforesaid; and shall be intitled to recover Payment of his Claim

Hein, &c. to the Extent of such Third Part of the Rents, from the Executors or Heirs only of the first or any

aodSurplus,from subse- other succeeding Heir or Heirs, in any other Estate than the entailed Estate; and shall be intitled

^uent iuccecding Hcirj. to recover Payment of the Surplus of his Claim, if any be, and no more, from the subsequent fuc-

ceeding Heir or Heirs respectively.

XXII. And whereas it may happen that the Heir, who next succeeds to the Proprietor whoex-

4 pended Money in making Improvements upon an entailed Estate, may pay all or Part of the

4 Money due on account of such Improvements, and may not live so long as to be indemnified by

the Third Part of the Rents which shall come to his Use- or to the Use of his Heirs or Exccu-

‘ 4 tors*<

Claimant of Money ex-

2 Year* after his De-

ceale, of succeeding

Heir s

and on Nonpayment so

6 Months, to inftnute

Action, See.

but neglecting so to do,

and not recovering One

Third Parr of Rents,

Sec. before his Decease, , .

shall ceufe to be Creditor HeiT or H

' a

