88

C. 40.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

A.D. 1765.

Plantations,

Minorca, and

Gibraltar; and

Provisions for

the Forces

Guernsey, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year one thousand seven

Jerfcyi hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three hundred twenty-seven

11 d’.5*V for* ^oufand five hundred and two Pounds three Shillings and eleven Pence Halfpenny, for further maintaining

GuardsandGar- his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar ;

rifons in the and for Provisions for the Forces in North Amei ica, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and the ceded

Islands, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not

exceeding six thousand three hundred forty-six Pounds three Shillings and five Pence, for defraying the

Charge of the Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishments of five Regiments of Foot

feiving at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded Islands, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-

broadj 6,3461. five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eleven thousand two hundred ninety-one Pounds,

3,/n£0STUkc Shillings and six Pence Halfpenny, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great

Britain, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not

tin- Briufhlmd exceeding eighty thousand Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of

lr:ft Ertjbji.K. the Militia for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day ot March, one thousand seven hundred and

nene of five sixty-five; and any Sum or Surrvs of Money, not exceeding one hundred thirty-five thousand six hundred

six Pounds twelve Shillings and six Pence, upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land

tt^Minorca*' Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of

and ceded Money, not exceeding two thousand three hundred sixty-one Pounds fourteen Shillings and two Pence,

Islands; for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the two Troops of

31,2911. 8*;. Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the four Troops of

Acr'a^andGenc" ^or*e (»unrds> for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money,

rafXaftOfficers" ner exceeding one thousand six hundred sixty-four Pounds, for the paying of reniions to the Widows of

8 ,ocol. to- such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines as died upon the Establi foment of Half-

wards Pay and pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand

cloathing of the seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums

j 606I 12s Money> not exceeding one hundred nine thousand one hundred seven Pounds eighteen Shillings and

6 d^thcrc-1’ f°ur Pence, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospita), for the

«Juced Officers of Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten

the Land Forces, thousand three hundred forty-three Pounds sixteen Shillings nine Pence and seven eleventh Parts of a

-nd Marines j Penny, to enable his Majesty to defray the Charge of the Subsidies due to the Duke of Brunswick, pursuant

to Treaties, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money,

not exceeding fifty thousand Pounds, on Account, towards afliiiing his Majesty to grant a reasonable Suc-

cour in Money to the Landgrave of HeJJ'e Cassel, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money,

not exceeding four hundred four thousand four hundred ninety six Pounds seven Shillings and six Pence,

h *"or defray‘ng extraordinary Expence of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred between

Pen fit n 5 of Of- twenty-fourth Day of December, one thousand (even hundred and sixty-three, and the twenty-fifth

liters Widows 'Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, and not provided for by Parliament; and

109,107]. 18s. any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred forty eight thousand two hundred fifty-nine

4d, to the Out Pounds seventeen Shillings and four Pence Farthing, upon Account, towards farther discharging such

Ch"?/"'h ' un^at*sfied Claims and Demands, for Expences incurred during the late War in Germany, as appear to be due

tai 1 10,34/1". bV the Reports of the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty, for examining and dating such Claims and

il l, 9 df Sub- Demands; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ux thousand four hundred ninety-one Pounds

lidy to the Duke seventeen Shillings four Pence and one eight Part of a Penny, for defraying the Charge of three indepen-

of Brunswick; dent Companies of Foot to be raised for his Majesty’s Service on the Coast of Africa, and for Provisions for

cour^o\*h^UC" ^le ^ame ^rom l^e twentY'fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, to the twenty-

Landgrav/of fourth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-'five, both Days inclusive, being three hun-

HeiTc Cartel; dred and sixty-five Days.

404,496 1. 78. 6d. extraordinary Expences of the Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in 1764, not provided for; 248,159 L 17 s. 4<L 1 q. towards

the unsatisfied Claims in Germany; 6,4911. 27 s. 4d. Charge of three independent Companies in Africa ;

800.0001. ro- XXI. And itis hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup-

Exche^afore^d> there shall and may be issued and applied the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, for

iObed'purfuant8 paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an A& paired in the last Session of

to an Act of the Parliament, intituled, An A<St for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, and

hft Session; for applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven

43* a3* 4 hundred and sixty-four; and for Application of certain Savings of Publick Monies, and of Monies arisen

4 by the Sale of Military Stores; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Par-

4 liament; and for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert in Indentures, or other Writings, the full

4 Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants;’ and charged upon the said firti

Aids to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

4,9111. 14 « XXII. And it is hereby also enatSled by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup-

in *thccIvO " P^es aforesaid, there shall and may be ifi'ued and applied any Sum or Sum« of Money, not exceeding four

Erta'blfffirnentofthoufand nine hundred eleven Pounds fourteen Shillings and eleven Pence, upon Account, for main-

Mot*Scoria; taining and supporting the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year one

7.0001. for fun- thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding seven thousand

dr> Expence*m-pOUn(js> Upon Account of sundry Expences, for the Service of Nova Scotia, hi the Years one thousand

formerYca?snot ^even hundred and fifty, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-

provided for; two, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, and one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and not

5 provided

a,361 J. 14 s.

2 d. to the Of-

ficers and Gen-

tlemen of

Horse Guards,

Sec. reduced;

