A.D. 1770. Anno cJecimo Georgii III. C. 21. 679

shall perform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judgement, so as no Person shall remain In Confinement

upon any such Execution, for any longer Space of Time than Three Months: and such Serjeant, by virtue

of any such Precept issued upon the Execution awarded against the Goods of any such Party, shall and may*

and is hereby rmpowered to levy by Distress and Sale the Goods of such Party, being within the Parishes or

Townships aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of Money, and Costs, as shall be fb ordered and decreed j and

if the Party against whose Body or Goods such Execution shall be awarded, and such Process shall iltuc

thereupon, shall by absconding, or by secreting or removing his, her, or their Goods, or by any other

Means prevent or evade the Service or Effect of any such Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for

the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, upon due Proof thereof made to them by the Oath

of such Serjeant, or of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Discretion, to award Execu-

tion either against the Body or Goods of such Party or Parties; and Process shall issue thereupon, and be

executed by the Serjeant in Manner aforesaid, until the Party or Parties, at whose Suit such Execution shall

be issued, mall be fully paid and satisfied.

XVI. And be ic further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners shall Court may or Jef

*t any Time, upon the Request, and for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants, ?elpa,d

order and decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff or plaintiff to be paid at several Payments; then, upon the *y n mcn5*

First Default or Failure of any of the said Payments so ordered and decreed, the said Commissioners, or

any-Threeor more of them assembled in Court, shall and may, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plain-

tiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part

thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Costs as to them shall seem reasonable \ to

be recovered determined by the fame Procels, and in like Manner, as is herein before provided for Recovery of the

Debts and Costs first decreed; the former Order or Decree to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Precept to be issued upon On Execution

any Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Clerk who to indorf#,

issues the fame shall express, and set down in Writing, the Sum or Sums of Money and Costs so ordered

and decreed to be paid; and if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution mall be awarded, shall, 0

before any actual Sale of his, her or their Goods, or before he, she, or they, is, are, or shall be taken

and apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment, pay, or cause

to be paid, or tendered unto the Clerk of the Court who shall issue such Precept, such Sum or Sums of

Money and Costs, together with One Shilling, as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying over

such Debt and Costs to the Plaintiff* or Plaintiffs, and entering Acknowledgement of Satisfaction in the

Book or Register of the said Court for such Debt and Costs, and alfotheSum of Two Shillings and Six-

pence for Gaol Fees, in case such Party or Parties shall have been committed to Prison; then, and in such

Cafe and Cafes, the Execution shall be sup^rfeJed, and the Body or Bodies, and Goods, of such Party or

Parties shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Serjeant of the said Court who Se^eint sufferwi|

shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful Connivance or Neglect, cause or foffer *n Escape, or

the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded, to escape or abscond, or the Goods of such Party Cood* tobere*

*or Parties to be carried away or fecrcTted, so that such Execution shall not have its due Effcdt; it shall and ’

may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, assembled in Court,

upon Complaint and due Proof made upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Wit-

nefles, to order such Serjeant to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Execution was

awarded, to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the fame Method and Means

as are herein before provided for the Payment of other Debts.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fees herein after limited and The Fb®,

expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the Clerk and Serjeant for the Time being, for their several and

respective Services in the Execution of this Act: (that it to say)

To the Clerk,

For entering every^ Cause, Sixpence,

For ifiiting every Summons, Sixpence.

For every Subpoena, Sixpence.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, Three-pence*

For every Hearing or Trial, Sixpence.

For swearing every Witness, Plaintiff, or Defendant, Three-pence.

For every Order, Judgement, or Decree, Sixpence.

For a Nonsuit, Sixpence.

For every Search in the Books, Three-pence. ,

For paying Money into Court, Sixpence; if by Installments, Sixpence in the Pound more.

For taking Money out of Court, and acknowledging of Satisfaction in the Clerk’s Books, Sixpence#

For every Attachment, Sixpence.

For every Execution, Sixpence.

For every Warrant of Commitment, for an Insult or Misbehaviour in the Court, or to the Commit

oners. Clerk, or Officer of the Court, One Shilling.

To the Serjeant.

For the Service of every Summons, Order* or Subpoena, if within either of the Towns of Poultom or

Kirkham,

2

