Anno decimo Georgii III

A.D. 1770.

C. 43.

77 5

Middlesex. is convicted, on his, her, their own Confession, (^r on the Oath of )

of having in this Kingdom, (specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and

where the fame was committed\)

Given under my [or our) Hand and Seal [or Hands and Seals)

this Day of

Which said Conviction, in the fame or like Form of Words, shall be good and e.Tedual in the Law In case of Appeal, JnfHce

to all Intents and Pur poles, and shall not be quashed, set aside, or adjudged void or insufficient for counting tooeiner

want of any other Form of Words whatsoever; and in case of Appeal as aforesaid, the Justice or STemon"t0^,r"

Justices who shall convict such Offender or Offenders, is and arc hereby required to deliver, or cauib ter‘lC lions*

to be delivered, the Conviction in the Form aforesaid, to the next General or LJuarter-sessions to

which the Appeal is made, there to be filed on Record.

Power and Authority, and they are hereby required to order such reasonable Salaries and Charges as

they ihJl think proper, to be paid to any Inspedh r or Insepctors, or other Person or Persons already

employed or appointed by the Justices of the Peace, or hereafter to be employed or appointed by the

Justices of the Peace, or the Commissioners of the Land Tax, to prevent the Spreading of such Dif-

temper amongst the Cattle, out of the Monies arisen or hereafter to arise by virtue of an Act of Par- A& xzGeo. II.

liament passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

4 An Act for the more easy afiefling, collecting, and levying County Kates.*

XV III. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the Time being Commissioner* of the

jn and for e ery County, Ridi tg, or Division, and who have or shall qualify themselves to act as Land 1 ;x (cx^ePr fr>r

such respe.lively, are hereby impowered and required to put in Execution all and every the Powers r *v or C:t!,cs °[

end Authorities given to Commissioners of the Land Tax by this Act, or by any Order or Orders in Hng

Council pursuant to the fame (except the Commissioners of the Land Tax within the County of Mid- d !y qoairioi to put thi*

ditjex, and all Cities and Towns which are Counties of themselves) in as full and ample Manner as Ad m Execution,

the T u Id ices of the Peace may do within the same.

AlX. And, to prevent the Spreading of such infectious Distemper by Persons buying up Cattle in

infected Places, and soon after disposing of the fame ill Places free from the Infection, contrary to the

true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and in Disobedience or contrary to the Orders and Regulations

made, or which shall hereafter be made by His Majesty in Council as aforesaid ; be it enacted by the

Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June^ One thou land seven No Persons to fell any

hundred and seventy, no Person whatsoever by himself, his Servant or Agent, during the Continti- liv,n? °*» &c. till the

ance of this Act, and contrary to any Rule, Order, Regulation or Prohibition made or to be made in hath burn fcu Pi«-

that Behalf as aforesaid in pursuance and by virtue of this present Act, shall fell or dispolb of any liv- pert* *° dys>

ing Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, until the fame shall have been the Propety of such Person

for the Term of Forty Days at lead ; and during the Continuance of such Orders as aforesaid, in ,nj pro^,lc;., , CertTi

proof of such Property, the Seller shall produce a G rtificate under the Hand of the Person of whom Ti de

such Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Sreer or Heifer was last bought or purchaseJ, signifying the Time when wh.-n hc the

he purchased the fame; and every Person who shall fell or dispose of any Ox, Bull, Cow, Cal', k

Steer, or Heifer, without producing such Certificate, and shall be thereof convicted by his, her, or

their own Confeifion, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any

Justiceor Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Town Corporate

:d, shall, for every such Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer,

where the Offence shall be committed

so fold or disposed of during the Continuance

and contrary to Inch Orders and Regulations as

and recovered in such Manner as is herein after directed to be levied and recovered ; One Moiety of o.-.c M-.i« 7y <>1 penalty

the find Forfeiture to be given to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Posrofthe Patish where t.» Into-n r, the

the Offence shall be committed. the I>oor*

ho shall, from tc 1. Penalty on

and during °* kn(,w ^lv Te^e

1 .1 talte Ccruikate,

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who

and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thoulhnd (even hundred and seventy,

the Continuance of and contrary to such Orders and Regul.i ions as afoiclaid, fill or d;fpofo of any

Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer, and shall give a fa fie or untrue Cer iiicaw of the Mime of t lie

Sale of such Cat le, and every Person who shall accept of such fallc or untrue Certifi ate, knowing

the fame to be such, shall forielLand pa\ the Su n of'Fen Pounds ; to be a judged, levied, recovered,

and disposed of in the Man: er herein alter directed.

XXL And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Continuance ofany Rules, Dro^r to tfvc N* tier

Ord rs or Regulations made or to be made in that Behalf as aloivfiid, i' any Drover, f>r Pe Ion or Ij1 t «>nfi.ibirs, Sec. o

Persons driving and conducting horned Cattle from one Place to another, shall find any B:a 1 or Bo.ilts ut

in Ins Drilt sick.cn upon the Road, lo as to be unable to proceed on their Joumry ; such Drover, or

Person or Puions ihiving fuc h Horned Cattb*, shall forthwith give No:i e thereof to the Cor.liable,

Head boro ugh or Churchwaiden, of the Parish or Place wherein such ikait or Bcaih Anil licken. in

