A.D. 1770;

Anno decimo Georgii III.

C. 9. 647

other Regiments of Foot receive, all Pay from the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for *uai Serv'rc, and

the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company of Militia

shall belong, whether to the Adjutants, Serjeants, Private Militia Men, or others; and all Money al-cc6aupa0y7andAl-

lowed as atorrlaid for the contingent Expellees of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company iowjnc</ hom

of Militia; and also the Allowance to the Clerk of such Regiment or Battalion; shall, during such Time theRoceivm-fe.

of actual Service, and until such Regiment, Battalion, prlndcpendant Company, shall be diferpbodied, neral arctoceafe.

and return Home, cease and not to be paid.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said Receiver or Receivers of the Land Tax shall pay to the Cleric of Reccivcn-gene-

the General Meetings his Allowance at the Rate of Five Pounds live Shillings for each Meeting, upon his|^a,ccstoClrrk*

producing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from His Majesty’s Lieutenant, or from Three Deputy Lieu- 0°f jhc^Goncral

tenants altembled at some General Meeting or Meetingsand shall also pay to each and every of theClerks of Meeting, and

the Subdivision Meetings their several Allowances, at the Rate of One Pound One Shilling for each \hc Clerk* of th«

Meeting, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from One or more Deputy Lieutenant or ^bdlMl,on

Deputy Lieutenants, assembled in the several Subdivision Meetings; which said Order or Orders flu 11 EducingOrdeit

be to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land 'Fax, a sufficient Discharge for the Payment ofjIOm theLieutc-

such Allowances, and be allowed in his or their Account. nant or Deputy

lieutenants. Orders to difi-hvge Re* ceivers-general.

XIV. Provided always, and be it.enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia, R<*pinunt.u ana

shall give Security to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Fax of the County, Riding, or Ba:Uion CIc^»

Place, to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, by a Bond to His Majesty in the Penalty of:v?,vc. Sccur,ty,

One Half of the Sum required for the whole Year’s Charge of the Regunent or Battalion of Militia to hunting forthc*

which such Clerk shall belong, for duly answering and paying such £>ums as he shall, from Time to Monies received

Time, have received, and foFdulv accounting for the fame, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in by them;

him reposed; which said Bond shall be lodged in the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers General or the th- B>nds to be

Land Tax for the respective County, Riding, or Place, who, in case the said Regimental or Battalion lodged with the

Clerk shall not duly perform the Conditions comprized in the said Bond, shall, and is hereby required KJceivt*,rs’Bcn*e~

forthwith to put the said Bond in Suit in the Name of His M.ijesty, His Heirs, and Successors; the Full sl.it determined by them c*

Costs and Charges of which Suit, in case Judgement shall be given against such Regimental or Battalion Nonperformance

Clerk, shall be paid by him to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, who shall like-«f the Condiii-

wife be intitled to, and receive to his or their own Use, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum out of all fuchons?

Monies as shall be by him or them recovered thereon; and shall account for the Residue thereof with *0.

the proper Auditor of His Majesty’s Revenue ; the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax Ful/cVfhan*

charging himself or themselves therewith, upon the next Account of the Land Tax to be by him or Charges, and 5 I.

them puffed. per Cvrnt. of the

Money recovcicd ; the Residue to be accounted for to the Auditor.

XV. And be It enabled. That the Clerk of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, and the Captain The Regimental

Tax for the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company arc ^deliver m

shall belong, a fair Account in Writing, of all Monies by him received and disbursed for the Service of Accounts ot their

of an Independant Company respectively, shall be transmitted by the said Receiver or Receivers General ceivers general

of the Land Tax, into the OfHce of the proper Auditor of His Majesty’s Revenue. w!», arctotr^nf-

frit the Accounts into the Au litoi’s Other.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties, all Costs and Charges of Suit, and all Rt‘tCttry of

Sums of Money, for which any Person or Persons is or are by this Act made answerable, may and fliallnall,C5»

be recovered in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, by A£ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint,

or Information, wherein no Eiloin, Wager at Law, or Protection, or more than One Imparlance shall

be allowed

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, that no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid No Fre payable

for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to, or in nurfu- for any Warr“nl

anrr nf rhi* Ad* or Sum of Money

5 * issued in pursuance of this Act.

f XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person being on Half-pay, or being intitled to 0fricrrso"

any Allowance, as having served in any or either of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, or Regiment of rr-

Horse reduced, and serving in the Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby impowered to receive and ccive the Subfiu

take the Subfillence-money by this Abt directed to be paid to Captains, Lieutenants, or Ensigns; and trace-money

the receiving and taking such Subfiilence-money by any such Captain, Lieutenant, or Erisign, shall not p^xabie to Lieu*

be deemed a receiving or Taking Pay, so as in any Manner to prevent such Person on Half-pay, or being

intitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half-pay, or such Allowance; and such Person shall Jawing"5

take the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby impowered to administer the fame; Oath before

Justice.

4 T A B do swear, That I had not, between the any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil The Oath,

4 1 or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half-pay as a reduced in

4 late Regiment of (or Allowance as in late

4 Troop of Horse Guards, or Regiment of Horse reduced) save and except-my Sub-

i iatu.ee as a Lieutenant or Ensign, as the Cafe n.ay be> for serving in the Militia of the County 0i

And

