404

Anno feptimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1767.

to the Quarter

Stiltons.

Penalties and

Settops,

C. 51.

Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against such Bye-laws, Orders, or Confutations, as they the said

Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall think nt; such Fines and Forfeitures to be levied by such

Ways and Means as the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall direct, so as no such Fine shall

exceed the Sum of five Pounds upon any Person for one Offence; which said Bye-laws, Orders, and Consti-

tutions, being put into Writing under the Hands and Seals of the said Trustees, or any seven or more of

them, shall be binding to, and be observed by, all Parties, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or

Equity to justify all Persons who shall a ft under the fame, or in levying any Penalty or Forfeiture

Persons aggnev- thereby incurred : But any Person or Persons thinking himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any

ed may appeal Order or Judgement made or given in pursuance of any such Bye law. Order, or Constitution, may, within

fix M onths after such Order or Judgement shall be made or given, complain to the Tuftices of the Peace at

their General or Quarter Sessions to be held for either of the said Counties of Hertford, Essex, or Middlefvr,

who shall, in a summary Way, either hear and determine the said Complaint at such General Quarter Sef-

fion, or, if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General or Quarter Session

of the Peace to be held for the said County; and, if they fee Cause, may mitigate or alter such Forfeiture,

and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been paid or levied in pursuance of such Bye-law,

Order, or Constitution, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made, and give such Cofii to the

Party injured, as they shall judge reasonable.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That the pecuniary Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, hereby inflifled,

Forfeitures how or authorised to be imposed, the Recovery whereof is not herein before directed, shall be recovered by

co be recovered. Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and

Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for any of the said Counties of Hertford^

• Efex, or Middlesex\ and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall be lawful for any Justice or

Justices-to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County,

there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding threq Months, or until the said

Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, shall be paid; and that such Fines; Penalties, or Forfeitures, or any Part

or Parts thereof, which are not herein before applied, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or

Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied for the Purposes of this Act.

General Appeal CII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved

so the Quarter by the Order or Judgement of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon account of any Offence com-

mitted or supposed to be committed against this Act, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for either of

the said Counties where the Offence was committed, or supposed to be committed, at any General Quarter

Sessions of the Peace to be held within the Space of six Calendar Months after such Cause of Appeal shall

happen; the Person or Persons so appealing first giving Security, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or

Justices, to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to pay the Costs which shall be ascertained by the said

General Quarter Sessions, in case such Order or Judgement shall be affirmed; and the Justices at such

General or Quarter Sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine such Appeal, and to

make such Orders therein^ and to award Costs, as to them shall appear just ; which Order shall be final and

conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable by any Writ of Certiorari, or otherwise,

into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere ; and that no Order or Proceeding

to be had by or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be

quashed or vacated for want of Form only.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who, in any Examination to

be taken by virtue of this Act, shall give false Evidence before the said Trustees, or any of them* or before

any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame; and, upon Conviction

thereof, shall be subject to all the Pains and Penalties which Persons are or may be subject to by the Laws

of this Kingdom for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

CIV, And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously cut, break

down, damage, or destroy, any Banks or other Works erected or made, or to be erected or made, for the

Purposes of the said Navigation ; such Person or Persons shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be

subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in other Cafes of Felony ; and the Court by and before

whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall have full Power and Authority to transport such Felon

or Felons for seven Years, to such Place and in such Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported

, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

Navigation to C V. And be it further enacted. That the said Rates and Duties shall at all Times hereafter be exempted

be exempted from the Payment of any Taxes, Rates, Assessments, or Impositions whatsoever > any Law or Statute to

from Taxes. the contrary notwithstanding.

Proceedings to CVL And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees shall be entered

be entered in in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose ; and such Orders and Proceedings, when entered, shall be

Booki. signed by the said Trustees, or any five or more of them ; and the Clerk or Clerks attending.the said Truf-

tees is and are hereby required to set his or their Name or Names as a Witness or Witness'es thereto; and

the said Orders and Proceedings, so signed and attested, shall be deemed and taken- to be Originals, and

dial) be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and such Book or Books shall be seen and perused

at all feasonable Times ; and Copies thereof, or any Part thereof, may be taken by any Person of Persons

whomsoever, paying to the said Clerk or Clerks six Pence for every one hundred Words.

Writing? to He CVII. Provided always. That no Warrant, Mortgage, Alignment, Transfer, or any other Writing

without Sumps, whatsoever, in pursuance of, or relating to, the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, shall be sub-

' jedt to any Stamp-duty whatsoever.

CVIH. Provided

Penalty on giv-

, ing false Evi-

dence,

Penalty on Per.

Ions destroying

the Works.

