A.D. 1770.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

C. 23. 697

Conviction shall be made, which Forfeiture shall be applied to the Purposes of ftiis Act; and in case Fm want of Dir-

the Person or Persons so offending and convidt^d {hall have no Goods or Chattels whereupon the fame committed*

can be levied, then and in such Cafe respectively it shall and may be lawful to and for One or more of

such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands

and Seals, to commit such Person and Persons respectively t® the House of Correction, there to remain

for any Space not exceeding Two Calendar Months, nor less than Ten Days, to be reckoned from the

Day of Commitment; and the Person or Persons so incurring, and being convidlcd of any of the said pe-

cuniary Penalties, shall not be discharged until he, she, or they shall have paid the Sum forfeited as afore-

said, or until the Expiration of the said respective Times. '

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Property of all Stones, and all 0!d Materials,

and every Part and Parts of the old Materials which shall belong to the old Pavement, as well of the

Carriage as of the Footways, within the Limits aforesaid, shall be veiled in the said Commissioners for omm‘uoner •

putting this Act in Execution, and their Successors-; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said old Materials

Commissioners and their Successors, or]their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, by their Order, or may be fold,

the Order of any Five or more of them, to sell and dispose of the fame, or of all or any Part or Parts

thereof, to such Person or Persons who shall be willing to buy or purchase the fame, a^.d to apply the Payment to be

Purchase-money arising by such Sale to the Purpose of this Act; and if any Person or Persons to whom made imoDiya

such Materials, or any Part or Parts thereof/shall be fold, shall refuse or neglect to pay for the fame

within Ten Days after Sale thereof to him, her, or them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Commissioners and their Successors, or any Five or more of them, to bring or cause to be brought any,

Action or A£tions in the Name of their '1 realurer or Treasurers for the Time being for the Recovery of

the Money due for such Materials so fold, in which Action or Actions no Eflbin, Protection, or Wager

"of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Old Material* 1

lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any f ive or moie of them, to order all or any of the said may be made

old Materials to be made use of in paving or repairing any Square, Street, Lane, Court, Yard, Mews, use of> UCt

Aliev, Pafiage, or Place within the Limits aforesaid; and the said Commissioners may from Time to Time N

hire a Piece of Ground to convey, lay, and dispose of all or any of the said old Materials as aforesaid, for

and until such Time as they shall have Occasion or judge it necessary to use the fame ; any Thing in this

AcI contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Ground mav be

the said Commissioir.rs, or any Seven or more of them, to hire a Piece of Grpund for the Purposes of dig- hi,ed for getting

gingGravel for the better paving the said Streets, Squares and Places for such Time, and for such Sum and Grave,»

hums of Money, as to them shall appear reasonable ; which Sum and Sums of Money shall be paid out of

" rT ;, Teams, or Car-and rn['!, &c*

3 , rim halca f«.r

: Squares, Streets, culinfe thereof.

c directed by this

Act ; and shall and may hire such Persons, buy such Materials, and make such Regulations for the better

cleansing the fame, as they, or any Seven or more of them, in their Discretion shall think proper; any

Law, Statute, or UI age to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enatSted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven Commissioners

cuims ot Money, as to them mail appear realonaoic ; which bum and bums ol Money Inal

the Monies arising or to arise by virtue of this Act ; and also may buy such Carts, Elorfes, 1

riages, as may be necessary for the Purposes of carting such Gravel, or for cl«aniing the Sc

Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mcvvfcs, Alleys, Passages, and Places, or for any other Purpose t

Yards, Mewles, Passages or Places, within the Limits aforesaid; which Contract and Contracts dial 1 Sqna.cs, &c.

specity the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the fame, and the Time or Times

when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Nonperformance there-

of, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of th'm, and also by the Person or

Persons contracting to perform such Works respectively ; which Contrail shall be entered in a Book or

Books, to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to such Commissioners ; hut, previous to the

making of any fuchContradl, Fourteen Days Notice at the leaf! shall be given in some of the publick News-

papers, expressing the Intention of such Contract, in order that any Person or Persons, willing to under-

take the fame (not being Commissioners) may make Proposals for.that Purpose, to be offered and presented

to the said Commissioners at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned,

XVL And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons, other than the Scavenger contracting l’<*na!tvrmPer-

v i:h the said Commissioners, or those employed under him, shall, without the Privity and Content (>f thj?^n * ^

Owner, carry away any Cinders or Ashes from any Houseor other Premises in any Square, Street, or Place, not Cinj

within the Limits aforesaid ; tlun such Person or Persons so carrying away such Cinders or Allies, shall for-

feit a Sum notcxceeding Five Shillings for every such Offence. "

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case the Person who Hull carry away the Cinders or

Allies, without being properly authorised by the Scavenger, cannot be apprehended ; that then a like

Hen. Itvoi'Five Shillings shall be forfeited by the Owner of the Cart in which fuah Cinders or Allies shall

be plac ed in ord r to be carried away.

X Vill. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be' lawful for the said Comirfifiicners, orfmy Five ’*v< .k< tc>

or more of them, and they arc hereby directed to cause all and every the Work done in pursuance of this fr

Act to be inspected by their Surveyor or Surveyors, or by such other Person or Persons as they flull from

Lime to l ime appoint; and in cafetiie fame shall not be well and sufficiently performed, accouling to the In-

tent and Meaning of such Contract or Contracts, or shall not be finished and completed at or within the l ime

or l imes that the fame is or aie agreed to be compjcted by the said Contractor or Contractors, the said Sur-

. .Voj., X. 4 U vcyor

the Scavcnvrc/,

\ na’ty bf

n Ownui oi

he Can.

be in-

