C, $8.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

A.D. 1765.

78

Exemption* made, for making, repairing, or amending. Turnpike Roads, and such Person and Persons as shall be

from paying Full authorized by them, shall and may, and they are hereby required to permit and suffer all Waggons,

Wheel CarHa- Wains> Carts, and Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gage of nine

g<*, repealed " Inches from Side to Side, at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and drawn according to Law, to pass through

any Turnpike Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, within one hundred Miles from London, upon paving only so

much Tolls or Duties as shall not exceed one half of the Full Toll or Duty payable for fuen Waggons,

Wains, Carts, and Carriages, respectively, or for the Horses, or Beasts of Draught, drawing the lame,

by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament made, or to be made, for making, repairing, or amending.

Turnpike Roads; but the said Clause, and every Matter and Thing therein contained, shall, from and

after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, cease and determine ;

except the except the Wheels of such Waggons and Wains shall be fixed thereto in the Manner hereafter described

Wheels /h?ll he anc] directed.

fixt in Manner

herein deferibrd,

ifowthe wheels III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth

are to be fixed in Day of Juney the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by any Act of Parliament, paflbd or to be passed,

CjdCu° nt'h ^or *he making, repairing, or amending, any Turnpike Road, or any Person authorized and appointed

ExeUonfrom them, shall, during the Time aforesaid, permit and suffer all Waggons and Wains, having the Axle-

FuilToiJ. trees thereof of such different Lengths, that the Distance from Wheel to Wheel, of one Pair of the said

Wheels, be not more than four Feet two Inches, to be measured at the Ground; and that the Distance

from Wheel to Wheel, of the other Pair thereof, be such, that the Fore and Hind Wheels of such Wag-

cons and Wains shall roll a Surface of at lead hxteen Inches wide, on each Side of the said Waggons or

Wains; and having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of nine Inches from Side to Side,

at the Bottom or Sole thereof; to pass upon any Turnpike Road, and through any Toll Gate or Bar,

upon paying only so much of the Tolls and Duties as shall not exceed one Half of the Full Toll or Duty

payable, or by this Act intended to be paid, for all Waggons or Wains having the Fellies of the Wheels

of the Breadth or Gage of nine Inches from Side to Side, or for the Horses, or Beasts of Draught, draw-

ing the fame, and not rolling a Surface of sixteen Inches, in the Manner herein before set forth.

Surveyor per- (V. And be it further enabled, That if any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, having

rutbons^o re- Care of any Turnpike Road, shall, during the Time aforesaid, suffer to be or remain, for the Space

ion forty-eight Hours, in any Part thereof, within twelve Feet on either Side of the Middle of such Road,

any Post or Pods, Heap or Heaps of Stone, Rubbish, or Earth, set up or raised in or above the Surface

of the said Road, by which the Passage thereof shall or may beobstructed, impeded, confined, or straitened,

such Surveyor or other Person shall forfeit and pay to the Informer the Sum of forty Shillings; to be

recovered before one Justice of the Peace, whether such Justice be or be not aTrustee of such Road ;

and shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chatties of such Person or Persons, by Warrant

under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered to grant;

And if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves, aggrieved by the Determination of such

Justice, he, (lie, or they, may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, who shall finally deter-

mine the Matter, and allow such Costs, not exceeding forty Shillings, to either Party, as such Sessions

shall think fit; in which Cafe no Certiorari shall lie or be brought.

V. And whereas the Trustees appointed or to be appointed, by any Abl or Abls of Parliament made,

‘or to be made, for making, amending, or repairing, any particular Highways or Roads, may have neg-

^pointed fur ^ lebled, or may hereafter nrglccl, to meet on. the Day appointed, or to be appointed, by any such Act or

thrir fir(i, or ‘ Acts respecti vtdy, for their iirft Meeting; or to meet on the Day appointed or to be appointed by Ad-

»ny aHjournrd ‘ journment for their Meeting, or for want of a pioper Adjournment; by which Means, or some, or one

Me.tme; or for 4 ()f them, the Intent of the said A61 or Acts may be frustrated ;’ be it therefore enabled by the Authority

tin Ur0" a^>rck^» That in all or either of the said Cafes, it shall be lawful for any two or more of the Trustees

rtVe ^’T'inted or to be appointed by the said Abls respectively, or their Clerk or Clerks, to cause Notice in

clerk,nviv V/titing to be affixed cn all the Turnpikes that shall be then ercbled on the said respective Roads, or, if

point a Meeting, no Turnpikes shall be then erebled, to cause the like Notice to be affixed, in the moll conspicuous Place,

in one of the principal Towns or Places nearest to which the Roads directed to be repaired do lie, at

lc. it ten Drys before the intended Meeting, appointing such Trustees to meet at such Place where the

prfccdi ig Meeting was appointed to have been held, or at the Place directed for the first Meeting of such

T:ulh‘.s, ifno picceding Meeting foal 1 have been held; and the said Trustees when met, in pursuance

of such Notice, shall and may, and they are hereby required to proceed to carry such Act or Acts into

Execution in the fame, and as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might or

could have done if no such Neglcbl had happened.

VI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late

‘ Majesty King George the second, intituled, /In Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the Publick High-

4 ways and Turnpike Roals of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto,

it is, amongst other Things, enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for any Waggon, or other Four

4 Wheel Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gage of nine Inches, to

4 travel, pass, or be driven, upon any Turnpike Road, with any Number of Horses, or Beasts of Draught,

4 not exceeding eight; and for every Cart, or other Two Wheel Carriage, having the Fellies of the

4 Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gage aforesaid, with any Number of Horses, or Beasts of Draught,

4 not exceeding five; without being subjebl or liable to be weighed at any Crane, Machine, or Engine:

4 And whereas great Damage hath been done to the Turnpike Roads in many Parts of this Kingdom, by

the excessive Weights which have been carried by such Waggons and Cartsbe it therefore enabted by

the

mit

rtrudions to re

main on the

Roads,

forfeits 40 s.

Appeal may be

made to the

(purler Sessions.

Where T rulers

/hill neg’s-ft to

giving due No-

tice,

Clmfe in A<5!

*6 Geo. 2. c. aS.

exf reply repeated

by 7 Geo. 3.

f.41.

