22 C. 12. Anno quinto Georgii III. A. D. 1765.

On inffroment^Pro- For every Skill or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any

ceciioft, tec. aforesaid, Instrument, Proceeding, or other Matter or Thing aforesaid, shall be ingrossed, written, or primed,

plirmd, fiTanj1other within the said Colonies and Plantations, in any other than the English Language, a Statop Duty of

than the EnglishLan- Double the Amount of the respective Duties before charged thereon.

guage, Double the Amount of the respeflive Duties before charged thereon.

On Fees paid with And there shall be also paid in the said Colonies and Plantations, a Duty of six Pence for every

no^e*c0^dhlPpro,ltlCaC, twentY Shillings, in any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds Sterling Money, which shall be given,

Duty^of*6d^for*every contracted, or agreed for, with, or in relation to any Clerk or Apprentice, which shall be put

aosf so piidj or placed to or with any Mailer or Mistress to learn any Profefliort, Trade, or Employment,

a,id is. for every 20s. And also a Duty of one Shilling for every twenty Shillings, in any Sum exceeding fifty Pounds,

in any Sum exceeding which shall \& given, paid, contracted, or agreed, for, with, or in relation to any such Clerk or

5° Apprentice.

What (halt be deemed II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Deed, Instrument, Note,

Pri c es of Assurance Memorandum, Letter, or other Minument or Writing, for or relating to the Payment of any Sum

theAftthC McanlD* °* of Money, or for making any valuable Consideration for or upon the Loss of any Ship, Vessel,

1C * Goods, Wages, Money, Effects, or upon any Loss by Fire, or for any other Loss whatsoever, or

for or upon any Life or Lives, shall be construed, deemed, and adjudged to be Policies of Assurance,

On what Cafes the In- within the Meaning of this Act: And if any such Deed, Instrument, Note, Memorandum, Letter,

furance and Premium or other Minument or Writing, for insuring, or tending to insure, any more than one Ship or

ate forfeited* Vessel far more than any one Voyage, or any Goods, Wages, Money, Effects, or other Matter or

Thing whatsoever, for more than one Voyage, or in more than one Ship or Vessel, or being the

Property of, or belonging to, any more than one Person, or any particular Number of Persons

General Partnership, or any more than one Body Politick or Corporate, or for more than one Risque t

then, in every such Cafe, the Money insured thereon, or the valuable Consideration thereby agreed

to be made, mall become the absolute Property of the Insured, and the Insurer shall also forfeit the

Premium given for such Insurance, together with the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

Whatrtiall be deemed a III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Deed, Instrument, Note,

ctuner Pusy. Memorandum, Letter, or other Minument or Writing, between the Captain or Master or Owner.

of any Ship or Vessel, and any Merchant, Trader, or Other Person, in respect to the Freight or

Conveyance of any Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Effects, laden or to be laden on

board of any such Ship or Vessel, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a Charter Party within the

Meaning of this Act.

Bodes, &c. frrvins IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Books and Pamphlets serving

chitfiy for Aimamcks, chiefly for the Purpose of an Almanack, by whatsoever Name or Names intituled or described, are

to * <*> Duty as such anc] fha|] be charged with the Duty imposed by this Act on Almanacks, but not with any of the

y' Duties charged by this Act on Pamphlets, or other printed Papers; any thing herein contained to

the contrary notwithstanding.

The aforesaid Duties V. Provided always. That this Act shall not extend to charge any Bills of Exchange, Accompts,

ivy to extend to Bills Bills of Parcels, Bills of Fees, or any Bills or Notes not sealed for Payment of Money at Sight, or

ui txchanp*, &c. upon Demand, or at the End of certain Days of Payment.

or po Probate of Wii's, VI. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge the Probate of any

or Lc.teis«i Aemini* Will, or Letters of Administration to the Effects of any Common Seaman or Soldier, who shall die

S'vmo"’ or dy- *n ^Is Majesty’s Service ; a Certificate being produced from the Commanding Officer of the Ship or

I-6 in the King's Scr- Vessel, or Troop or Company, in which such Seaman or Soldier served at the Time of his Death*

vice. and Oath, or if by a Quaker a Solemn Affirmation, made of the Truth thereof before the proper

Judge or Officer by whom such Probate or Administration ought to be granted; which Oath or

Affirmation such Judge or Officer is hereby authorized and required to administer, and for whick

no Fee or Reward shall be taken.

The extraordinary Du- ’ VII. Provided always, and be it enacted. That until after the Expiration of five Years from the

tics on Jnrtruments, in Commencement of the said Duties, no Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece

any other ihan the Fng- of p, per? on which any Instrument, Proceeding, or other Matter or Thing shall be ingossed,

otake”ce'wft h i n °* written, or printed, within the Colonies of Quebec or Granada* in any other than the English Lan-

^.cb/corCranxd., for gnage, shall be liable to be charged with any higher Stamp Duty than if the fame had been in-

5 Years. gt\ fied, written, or printed in the English Language.

InTrurncnts for grant- VIII. Provided always, That nothing in thi Ad contained shall extend to charge with any

ifig, Arc. Lants, made Duty, any Deed or other Instrument, which shall be made between any Indian Nation and the

Mnh any in ian Na- Governor, Proprietor of any Colony, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, alone, or in

tt »n, in not cbjirge Conjunction with any other Person or Persons, or with any Council, or any Council and Assembly

a > c wiuj u. cs, Qf any of the said Colonies or Plantations, for or relating to the granting, surrendering, or convey-

ing, any Lands belonging to such Nation, to, for, or on Behalf of his Majesty, or any such Pro-

prietor, or to any Colony or Plantation,

nor are Prrc'amadons, IX. Provided always. That this Act shall not extend to charge any Proclamation, Form$ of

) 010.!. of p ay*rf Votes Prayer and Thanksgiving, or any printed Votes of any House of Assembly in any of the said Colo-

Hours njes and Plantations, with any of the said Duties on Pamphlets or New's Papers ; or to charge any

lo ti) i ]>()())cs common!y used in any of the Schools within the said Colonies and Plantations, or any Books

v« »!n * Vn'd-Advrr- containing only Matters of Devotion or Piety; or to charge any single Advertisement printed

printed foicly; by itself, or the daily Accounts or Bill of Goods imported and exported, so as such Accounts or Bills

8 * do

