39

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 18,19, 2°;

made and granted, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for recovering the

Kent or Rents which Hull be then due and in Arrear to any such Archbishop or BiQiops, Matters and

Fellows, or other Heids and Members of Colleges or Halls, Deans, Chapters, Precentor?, Prebenda-

ries, Master and Guardians of Hospitals, and other Person or Persons before-mentioned, his or their

Executor?, AJminittrators, or Succcilbrs, in such and the same Manner, and as fully and effectually to

all Intents and Purposes, as any Landlord or Lcilor, or other Person or Persons, could or might do for

recovering of Arrears of Rent due on any Lease or Leases for Life or Lives, or Years, by the Laws no\v

in being; any Law, Stature, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority afoiefnd, That this Act shall be Publick Act#

deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, in all Courts of

Law and Equity, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, for

encouraging the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Part of Great Britain called

England^ by ascertaining the Tythe thereof.

WHEREAS an Act made in the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, 31 Cco.i.c. i».

intituled, An Act to encourage the Growth and Cultivation of Madder in that Jpart of Great Britain

called England, by ascertaining the Tythe thereof, was to continue in Force from the first Day of AuguJ},

one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, for the Space of fourteen Years, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament: And wheieas the Cultivation of Madder, from the Setting

to its being fit for Ufc, requires f«> Jong a Time, and the Buildings, Mills, and other Requisites necessary

to be provided and maintained for manufacturine it, are so expensive, that many People may be unwil-

ling to begin the Culture of it during the lubhfling Term of the said Act: And whereas the Price of

Foreign Madder is oflate greatly raised, and the fame does not come into the Consumers Hands so good

as it may be manufactured here:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be, and the fame k

hereby declared to be, further continued from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term

of fourteen Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

The recited Act

continued for

the furtherTerm

of 14 Years.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five. EXP.

CAP. XX.

An Act for explaining and rendering more effectual two Acts, one made in the twelfth Year

of the Rrign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for such Per*

Jon or Pe, jons as /hall dif over the Lorgitude at Sea , and the other in the twenty-sixth Year

of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act

made in tie tzvelph Year of the Reign of her late Mfejiy Queen Anne, intituled\ An Act for

providing a publick Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at

Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Proposals made for dif covering the Longitude;

and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act.

€ 1 T 7HF.R EAS by two several Acts made, the one in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Preamble,recit-

VV M.'jetty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publick Reward for fuJ) Person or PerJcns as

4 fill discover the Longitude at Sea; and the other in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- *cl 11 Alnn*

jc tty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the twelfth Year jgGco. c. *5.

4 cfl the Rei*n of her lute Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for providing a publhk Reward for such See »nt. c. 11.

Person or rcrions as shall ditcover the Longitude at Sea, with regard to the making Experiments of Propo-

4 fall made for di/covering the Longitude; and to enlarge the Lumber of Commifiner s for putting in Execution

the fluid AH; the Commissioners named in, and constitured by the said Acts, were Empowered to receive

4 Proposals for discovciing the said Longitude, and make Experiments of the fame: And whereas hv the

4 said Act of the twelfth of Queen Anne, it was enacted, That the fiilt Author or Authors, Discovcrcr

4 or Difeovcrci.% of a proper Method for finding the said Longitude within certain Distances, should be

4 intitled to, and receive certain Rewards therein mentioned; that is to say, A Reward or Sum ot ten

4 thousand Pounds, if it determines the said Longitude to one Degree of a Great Circle, or sixty Geo-

graphical Miles $ fifteen thousand Pounds, if it determines the fame to Two Thiidsof thatDittance;

4 and

