A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. C. 52. 271

hundred and sixty-six t but ff the Owner or Proprietor of such Goods shall not chuse to pzf down the said per Cent.

Subsidy for such Goods before that Time, then the fame shall be paid down in ready Money to the Collector *>p©n

of the Customs for the Port where such Goods shall be secured, according to the gross Price or Value of the

such Goods at which the fame were sold at the publick legal Sales thereof in this Kingdom, Without any

Deduction or Allowance whatsoever, before such Goods mall be taken out of any Warehouse wherein the if otherViCe,

fame shall be secured in this Kingdom, according to the

gro6 Price thereof at the publick Sales.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That this A£ shall not extend to charge Duty not to ex.

such of the before-mentioned Goods with this Duty, which have been sold as aforesaid before the said first

Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-ilx, as shall be hereafter exported from this Kingdom

tO Africa. which shall be

exported to Africa.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be also raised, levied. Additional Du.

collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all wrought Silks, Bengals. ties upon such

and Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba, of the Manufacture of Perfta, China, or East India* and upon all r‘ldD°°dj k.idat

Cpllicoes printed, dyefd, painted, er stained there, which shall be publickly fold in Great Britain after the

said first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, over and above any other Duty now pay- *juoe, ,7$6.

able for the fame, the like Sum of twelve Pence for every twenty Shillings of the true and real Value of

such Goods, according to the gross Price at which the fame ftull be sold at the publick legal Sales thereof

in this Kingdom ; which said Subsidy shall be paid and secured by the united Company of Merchants of10 kcPaId by the-

England trading to the East Indies, for such of the said Goods as shall be so sold at the said Company’s Sales,

in the same Manner and Form, and by the same Rules and Regulations, as the Duties now payable upon

unrated East India Goods are paid and secured by the said united Company, by virtue of an A& made in porfuant to A&-

the second and third Years of the Reign of Queen Anney intituled, 4 An Act for granting to her Majesty lSc 3 AnrMt«

4 an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage for three Years; and for laying a further Duty upon

c French Wines condemned as lawful Prize 5 and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods imported

4 from the East Indies :* And for such of the said Goods as shall, after the said first Day of June, be fold 3^ bfTid*

at any other publick legal Sale in this Kingdom, the said Subsidy shall be paid down in ready Money to by thePropri*.

the Col led© r of the Customs at the Port where such Goods shall be fold, without any Deduction or for.

Allowance whatsoever by the Purchaser or Proprietor of such Goods ; and the said Subsidies shall not be

afterwards repaid or drawn back upon the Exportation of the fame Goods; except to Africa^ as is herein

after mentioned.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for such of Drawback

the said Goods herein after mentioned, and no other, which shall be sold as aforesaid at the Sales of the ,owe*f

said united Company, after the said first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, and shall uYnVn°?a°Goodt

be exported from this Kingdom to Africa, the Exporter shall be repaid a Drawback or Allowance of the to Africa.

Duty paid in pursuance of this Act, of twelve Pence for every twenty Shillings of the Value of such Goods,

according to the respective Rates and Values herein after expressed; that is to say,

Alleijars, the Piece, twelve Shillings; Bejutapants, the Piece, twenty Shillings; Byrampants, theEnumeration©6

Piece, fifteen Shillings; blue long Cloth, the Piece, forty Shillings; Brawles, the Piece, four Shillings ;the Co9d,#

Callaway Pores, the Piece, fifteen Shillings; Cufhtaes, thePi.ce, twelve Shillings ; Coopes, the Piece,

twelve Shillings; Chints, the Piece, fifteen Shillings ; Chelloes, the Piece, sixteen Shillings; Cotton

Romals, the Piece, ten Shillings; Guinea StuftV, the Piece, four Shillings; Nicamees small, the Piece,

twelve Shillings; Nicamees large, the Piece, sixteen Shillings; Neganepants, the Piece, twenty Shil-

lings; Photaes, the Piece, fifteen Shillings; Saftra Cyndies, the Piece, twenty Shillings; Taplcils, the

Piece, sixteen Shillings.

And such Goods shall, in all other Respects, be liable to the fame Securities,. Regulations* Restrictions, The faM Goodr

Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the fame Goods are now liable to by Law.

73 3 the uloal Regu-

lation!.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Duties upon

August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, there shall be also raised, levied, collected, and paid, Cam bricks and

unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Piece of foreign Linen Cloth called Cam- Frcncb Lawn*

brick, three Shillings ; and for and upon every Piece of French Lawns, three Shillings; w^ich shall be l°

respectively shipped for Exportation from Great Britain to any Colony or Plantation in America that now

h, or hert after may be, under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors ; which said Duties

shall be also paid down in ready Money to the Collector < f the Customs, without any Allowance or Deduc-

tion whatsoever, by the Owner or Proprietor of such G< ods, before the fame be taken out of any Ware-

house or Warehouses, wherein the fame shall be iecured in this Kingdom.

Xf. And it is hereby declared and enabled. That every Piece of Cambrick and French Lawns intended How the said

to be charged with the Duty herein before mentioned, dial! contain thirteen Lhs each, and shall pay Duty Dunes are to be

for the fame in that Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, according to the Sum herein before afccruwcd*

charged upon each Piece of such Goods reflectively.

> • XII. And

