*5o C. 43. Anno sexto Georgii III. A. Dk 176&,

CAP. XLIII.

7 Geo. 3. c.40. An Act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing, the Execution of two several

»Geo. j. c. 5. A<5ts, one made in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and the other in the fifth

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the Amendment and Prel'ervation of the publick

Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and for obliging Mortgagees taking

Pofiefllon of Toll-gates on Turnpike Roads, and Toll-gatherers appointed by them, to

account.

Preamble, re- ‘ XX JH E R E A S by an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, intituled,

citing ciaufesin 4 VV for the Amendment and Pre/,ervation of the publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom^

Ad 26 Geo. a. ‘ and for the more effe ft ual Execution of the Laws relating thereto \ ic was, amongst other Things, enacted,

3°- 4 That from and alter the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and hfty-four, it

4 {hould not be lawful for any Waggon or Wain whatsoever (other than and except as therein is excepted)

4 to travel, pass, or be drawn upon any Turnpike Road, unless the Fellies of the Wheels of every such

4 Waggon or Wain respectively should be of the Breadth or Gauge of nine Inches from Side to Side, at

4 the lea ft, and that every Owner or Owners of such Waggon and Wain, driven, drawn, or conveyed,

4 in or upon any Turnpike Road, contrary to the Directions, Tenor, or true Meaning of the said Act,

4 should, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in

4 such Manner as the said Act: directs, or otherwise should forfeit and lose one of the Horses or Beads of

4 Draught drawing such Waggon, not being the Shaft or Thill Horse, together wkh all Gears, Bridles,

4 Halters, and Accoutrements, to such Horse or Bcaft of Draught respectively belonging, to the foie Use

4 and Benefit of the Person or Persons who should seize or distrain the fame ; with a Proviso, that nothing

' 4 in the said Act should extend, or be construed to extend, to any Waggon drawn by less than five Horses

4 or Beasts of Draught: And whereas, notwithstanding the Directions in the said Act, several Trustees

4 or Commissioners of Turnpike Roads, and several Gate-keepers or Toll-gathererS by them appointed,

4 have permitted Waggons and other four Wheel Carriages, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a

4 less Breadth than nine Inches, to be drawn and to pass on Turnpike Roads, and through Turnpike-gites

4 or Bars, with more than four Horses:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Comml^oner* Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Trustees or Com mi (lion ers of every

Koads arcre- Turnpike Road, or any five or more of them, shall, at their first Meeting after the fifth Day of July,

quired, at their onc thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, give particular andexprefs Orders and Directions in Writing, to

first Meeting every Tol 1 -gatherer or Gate-keeper on the respective Roads under the Care and Direction of such Trustees

after 5 July, Gr Commissioners, that they do not permit or suffer any Waggon or other four Wheel Carriage, having the

vl r ita e n °Or der, Fel1 ies of the Wheels of less Breadth than nine Inches, to he drawn on such Turnpike Roads ; and that if

to^heToH-ga- anV Toll-gatherer or Gate-keeper shall permit or suffer any Waggon or other four Wheel Carriage,

therers* not to having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than nine inches, and drawn by more^han four

permit Waggon* Horses, to he drawn or to pass on any Turnpike Road within the View or with the knowledge of such

or other four Gate-keeper or Toll-gatherer, or to pass through any Toll-gate or Bar without seizing or distraining one

^es w?thm t^5C Horses drawing the fame, not being the Shaft or Thill Horse, together with all Gears, Bridles,

WheelTiefs than Halters, and Accoutrements, to such Horse respectively belonging, and delivering the fame into the Custody

9. inches broad, of the Constable, or other Parish Officer ; and applying to a Justice or Justices of the Peace for his or their

and drawn by Precept to such Constable or other Parish Officer, to deliver the fame to such Gate-keeper or Toll-gatherer

more than seizing or distraining the fame, to and for his and their own Use and Benefit, in the Manner the said Act

without feiiinz (^re&s> shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of forty Shillings ; to be recovered in a film-

ed of the* mary Manner, before one Justice of the Peace, to and for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons who

Horse?, Sec. and shall inform against such Gate-keeper or Toll-gatherer.

deliver the fame

to the Constable, and apply to the justice for his Precept for delivering up the fame j forfeits 40 s. to the Informer.

Particnlar Car-

riages exempted.

Ctause in Act 5

Ceo. 3. c. 3?.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act, or the Act herein before recited, shall extend to any such

Waggon, or other four Wheel Carriage, laden with one Block of Marble or Stone, or one Piece of Tim-

ber, or one Piece of Ordnance.

4 III. And whereas by an Act made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act tt

4 continue Part of an Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

4 intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being for the Amendment and Prefer-

4 vation of the publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom ; and for making further Provisions

4 for the Preservation of the said Roads, it was, amongst other Things, enacted. That from and after the

4 twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the Trustees appointed, or to be

4 aptvointed, by any Act of Parliament passed, or to be passed, for making, repairing, or amending,

4 any Turnpike Road, or any Person authorized and appointed by them, should, during the Time afore-

4 said, permit and suffer all Waggons and Wains, having the< Axle-trees thereof of such different

4 Lengths, that the Distance from Wheel to Wheel of one Pair of the said Wheels be not more than

4 four Feet two Inches, to be measured at the Ground 5 and that the Distance from Wheel to Wheel

4 of

