262

‘felt Tor the iff

Ode lice any

Sum not ex*

ceeti ng 40 s.

with tl»e

Chirgei 5

and for the 2d

O tit nee any

Sum not ex-

ceeding 5 1. with

Che Charges j

C. 4$. Annb sexto Georgii III. A. 1766.

and pay immediately on Conviction, any Sum r>ot exceeding the Sum of forty Shilling, together with

the Charges previous to and attending such Conviction, to be ascertained by the said Justice or Justices.,

who shall conviCt the Offender or Offenders: And if any, Person or Persons shall commit any of the

Offences aforesaid a second Time, and shall be thereof again convicted in Manner aforesaid; he, (he, or

they, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Supi of five Pounds, together with the Charges pre-

vious to and attending such Conviction, to, bo ascertained as aforesaid: And if any Person or Persons shall

commit any of the Offences aforesaid a third Time; that then such Person and rerfops, being duly con-

victed thereof according to Law, shall be deemed and adjudged an incorrigible Rogue or Rogues, and shall

be punished as such.

and for the 3d Offence are to be pumftied as incorrigible Rogues*

Power given to V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the

Juitires of the respective Counties, Cities, Ridings, Divisions, or Places, wherein any of the Offences committed against

Pe^c to put this this Act shall be done, are hereby authorized to put this Act in Execution, and to administer an Oath to

eution E*C" any credible Witness or Witnesses.

<u °n* 4 Vi- And whereas the Mischiefs intended by this Act to be prevented may be evaded on account of

the Offender’s not being able to pay down the Sum forfeited, and Charges incurred thereby; such Offen-

ders frequently having no Goods, or other Chatties, whereon the fame can be levied;’ therefore be it

Where the re- enacted, That it shall and may be (awful for such Justice or Justices, unless the-respective Forfeitures shall

spective For- be paid down upon Conviction forthwith, where not otherwise directed by this Act, by Warrant under

feicures /hall not his or their Hands and Seals to commit such Offender or Offenders, for the first Offence, to the House of

Correction for one Month, to hard Labour, and to be once whipped there; and for the second Offence,

Offende^mV where not otherwise directed by this Act, to the House of Correction for three Months, to hard Labour,

be committed and to be whipped there once iq every one of the said three Months,

to bird Labour; for the iff Offence for 1 Month, and to be onee whipped; and for the ad Offence for 3 Months, and to be thrice whipped.

Persons hinder* VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any

ing, or attempt- Time, hinder, or attempt.to prevent, the seizing or securing any Person employed in carrying away any

feiz^n Possen- f^ch Timber or other^Trees; every such Person so hindering or attempting to prevent such seizing or

ders,"5 Cn" securing, shall, for every Rich Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds to the Person or Peiions

forfeit 101. to who shall convict such Offender: And if the said Sum be not immediately paid on Conviction, the Person

the Personcon* or Pecfons so convicted shall be, by the Justice or Justices before whom he, she, or they, (hallbecon-

▼iaingthem; vifted, committed to the House of Correction,' to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding fix

St;-? Calendar Months.

be committed to hard Labour, not exceeding 6 Months.

Application of VIII. And be it further enacted, THat one Moiety of all and every the Forfeitures herein before dir

Forfeitures not rested to be paid in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise directed, shall go to the Informer, and the

refieTto be" ' other Moiety to the Person or Persons aggrieved.

applied.

Convictions so IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Conviction and Convictions of

be certified to all and every Offender and Offenders against this Act, shall be certified by the Justice or Justices of the

the General Peace before whom the fame shall be made, to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be filed

and fikdSc^ConS, amongst lhe Records of the said Sessions; and that such Conviction shall be fairly written on Parchment

or Paper in the following Form of Words (as the Cafe shall happen) or in any other Form of Words to

the like Effect; that is to say,

F-rm of Con- <7- JT)E it remembered, That on the Day of in the

vision, 11J Year A. B. was upon the Complaint of C. D,

convicted before of the Justices of the Peace for in pursuance

of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third,

for ' as the Cafe shall be.

Given under Hand and Seal the Day and Year above-written.

Coa\iflion not Which said Conviction shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes; and shall not be

qu allied, let slide, or adjudged void or insufficient, for want of any Form or Words whatsoever; nor to

be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majesty’s Court of Kings Bench, but shall be deemed and

.be reroded. taken to be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP.

