A.D. 1767. .Anno feptlmo G^ojuGit lit. C. 40. 337

*py such Horse, Bead, Goars, *or other Things* and not prosecuting such Seizure Within the Time and in *»«". Or*r

Manner aforesaid, shall forfeit to the Owner of such Horse, Bcaft, Gears, or other Things, the Sum ofl0,^ ma<Jctjr

forty Shillings for every such Seizure.

Party, Party not duly prosecuting such Seizure, forfeit! 401.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Con vision shall be had or made by virtue of AH Com ;<fti >na

this Act, unlefsupon Confession of the Party acctifsd, or upon the Oath of one or mpre credible Witness *obe upon Co*,

or Wuneflcs ; and that any Inhabitant of any Parish, Township, or Place, in which any Offence shall^1011 of th*

be committed contrary to this Act, shall be deemed a competent Witness, notwithstanding his or her o/ouhfof one

being an inhabitant of such Parish, Township, or Place ; and that any Justice of the Peace may aft in 0r more Wit.

the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding he may be a Trustee for repairing and amending the Roads on ncir«j inh«bi-

Which any Offence, contrary to this Act, mall be committed. tJn,s

' * . competent Wit-

neftes ; and any Justice, though a Trustee, may ad therein.

L. And be it further enacted. That in case any Person or Persons shall resist, or make forcible Opposition penalty of ob-

•gainst, any Person or Persons employed in the due Execution of this Act; or lh*Jl affiault any Collectorftmding the

or Collectors of the Polls in the Execution of his or their Office or Offices ; or shall forcibly pass through Execution of

^my Turnpike-gate or Gates, Rail or Rails, Chain or Chains, or other Fence or Fences, set up, or to be let

up, by Authority of Parliament, without paying the Toll appointed to be paid at such Gate or other Fence ; here mentioned

w shall hinder, or attempt to prevent or obstruct, any such Person or Persons in the measuring or gauging

the Wheels of any Carriage ; or seising or diltraining of any Horse, or Beatt of Draught, hereby directed to

be forfeited for the Offences herein before mentioned; or make any Rescue of Cattle, or other Goods

distrained by virtue of this Act; or if any Constable, Headborough, or Tythingman, shall refuse or neglect

to execute any Warrant granted by any Justice or Justices of the reace, or by any Cgmmissioners or 1 ruf-

tees, pursuant to the Directions of this or any Turnpike Road Act; every such Person offendinga0ySumtot

therein, and being convicted thereof in Manner aforesaid, Inali, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding 101*

exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace nor ,e‘r‘t!'*n

before whom he or she shall be so convicted ; to be paid to the Surveyor of the Turnpike Roads where the J®ts* bc piV*c

Offence was committed, and laid out in the Repairs thereof: And in case he or she do not forthwith pay, or Surtesor^ if

secure to be naid, the said Forfeiture, after such Conviction; then it shall and may be lawful for such not forthwith

Justice or Justices of the Peace to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol, or House of Cor- paid, or Security

rection, of the County, Division, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain for any *,vcn»she °fm

Time not exceeding three Months, unless the said Forfeiture shall be sooner paid. committed*

Xrl. And be it further enacted. That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed for any Offence f .l.

•gainst the fame, and all Costs and Charges to be allowed and ordered f>y the Authority of this Act, (the

Manner of levying and recovering of which is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied by charge/, not

Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, or Person liable or ordered to pay the fame otherwise diitA-

respectively, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of some Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding. * *<? * levied

Division, or Place, where such Offence, Neglect, or Default, shall happen, or such Order for Payment

such Costs or Charges shall be made, rendering the Overplus of such Distrefe, if any, to the Party or Par-

ties, after deducting the Charges of making the same ; which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered

and required to grant upon Conviction of the Offender by Confession, or upon the Oath of one or more

credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon Order made as aforesaid ; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when Ap^ficatiot

so levied, shall be paid, the one-half to the Informer, and the other half to the Surveyor of the Turn- th«rcof.

pike Road where such Offence, Negltft, or Default, shall happen ; to be employed towards the Repair

thereof, unless otherwise directed by this Act: And in case such Distress cannot be found, and such Penal- For want of Dif-

ties and Forfeitures, or the said Costs or Charges, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for ucf*#&c.

such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit

such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable to pay the fame respectively, to the Common Offend* to be

Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where the Offence shall be com- committed,

mitced, or such Order as aforesaid shall be made, for any Time not exceeding three Months ; unless the

said Penalty, Forfeiture, Costs, or Charges, shall respectively be sooner paid : And if such Offender or Warrant m»y be

Offenders, or Person or Persons liable or ordered to pay the fame respectively, shall live out of the Jurisdiction backed by toy

of the Justice or Justices hereby authorised to grant such Warrant; it shall and may be lawful for any juf-

tice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, wherein such Person shall inhabit; and every ^ o!ftrtfi art

such Justice is hereby required, upon Request to him for that Purpose made, and upon a true Copy of the sjr made *c-

Convifthn whereby such Forfeiture or Penalty was incurred, or of the Order for the Payment of such cording;

O fts or Charges produced and proved by a ciedible Witness upon Oath, by Warrant under his Hand and

Seal, to cause the Penalty or Forfeiture mentioned in such Conviction, or the Costs or Charges mentioned '

in such Order, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders,

or Pi rfon or Persons liable or ordered to pay the fame respectively, as aforesaid ; and if no sufficient Distress and forwent of

can be had, to commit such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable as aforesaid, to the Com- OiArefc, Offend-

rr*on Gaoler House of Correction of such County, Riding, Division, or Place, for the lime and in [Jdt0 bc C0IUJm|p

Manner aforesaid.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whatever Penalty or Forfeiture shall be levied or reco- Penalise* or Fo*

vered on the Information of the Surveyor of any Turnpike Road, or of any Toll-gatherer, or other Per-

son employed by the Commissioners or Trustees appointed for repairing the Roads, and receiving Salaries of a'surlef.

or Rewards for their Services, shall go god bc applied to the amending of the Uid Turnpike Roads respec- or or Cojicaor*

Vol. X, Xx tively, &«,

