A. D. 1766. Anno fcxto Georgii III. C. 54^ 277

c F A& do, in the Sincerity of my Heart, assert, acknowledge, and declare, That his Majesty KingTh«r©nn*

c X George is the only lawful and undoubted Sovereign of this Realm, as well de Jure, that is, of Right

c King, as de Fa£loy that is, in the Possession and Lxercife of the Government. And therefore I do

* promise and swear, That I will with Heart and Hand, Life and Goods, maintain and defend his Right,

* Title, and Government, against the Defendants of the Person who pretended to be Prince of Ivales

* during the Life of the late King Jamesy and, since his Decease, pretended to be, and took upon himself

c the Stile and Title of King of England, by the Name of James the Third, or, of Scotland, by the

c Name of James the Eighth, or the Stile and Title of King of Great Britain, and their Adherents, and

c all other Enemies who, either by open or secret Attempts, shall disturb or disquiet his Majesty in the

* Possession and Exercise thereof/

And that all and every Person and Persons who are enjoyned and required to administer, take, or sub- The said Oafc*

firribe, the Oath of Abjuration, and the Afluranee, in the said above-mentioned Acts contained, £hali aDjj

respectively administer, take, and subscribe, the Oath of Abjuration, and subscribe the Assurance, accord- *ln‘||^r*

ing to the Form herein set down and prescribed, in such Courts, within such Time limited, in such rubferibed’, with-

manner, and with due Observance of the fame Requisites, and with Benefit of the fame Savings, Pro- in the Time,

vifocs, and Indemnities, as by the said Acts above-mentioned, or by any other Acts, or any Part of them, «nd in the

now subsisting, are directed and enacted ; and in case of Neglect or Refusal, he or they shall be subject n,?r'

and liable to the fame Penalties and Disabilities as, by the Laws and Statutes aforesaid, are enacted. IrediretfedV

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the first Day of August, prorn and

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, the fame Oath of Abjuration by this Act appointed to. be 1 August, 176$,

taken in Great Britain, shall be the Oath of Abjuration to be taken in the Kingdom of Ireland, and the the fame Oath

rest of his Majesty's Dominions, and no other; and that the Benefit of the Indemnities given by the said Abjuration

first-mentioned Act of the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, shall continue j a nd, a

and be in Force, as to the said Kingdom of Ireland, in like Manner as if this Act had never been made ; his Majesty’*

any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Dominion*.

Benefit of In-

s dcmnitics granted by A& of i Geo. 1. to be in Force in Ireland,

€ III. And whereas by an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, Cltufe in Aa

* intituled. An An for improving the Union of the two Kingdoms, it is enacted. That from and after the 7 Alin*c«

€ Decease of the Person who pretended to be Prince of Walts during the Life of the late King James%

4 and, since his Decease, pretended to be King of Great Britain, and, at the End of the Term of three

4 Years after the immediate Succession to the Crown upon the Demise of her said late Majesty, should

* take Effect, when any Person is indicted for High Treason, or Misprision of Treason, a List of the

4 Witnesses that shall be produced on the Trial for proving the said Indictment, and of the Jury, men*

4 tioning the Nam^s, Profession, and Place of Abode, of the said Witnesses and Jurors, be afib given, at

4 the fame Time that the Copy of the Indictment is delivered, to the Party indicted ; and that Copies of

4 all Indictments for the Offences aforesaid, with such Lifts, shall be delivered to the Party indicted ten

4 Days before the Trial, and in Presence of two or more credible Witnessc s / be it further enacted by the

Authority aforesaid. That nothing contained in the said recited Act, shall anyways extend to any In- ReciteJA£no*

didment of High Treason for counterfeking his Majesty’s Coin, the Great Seal or Privy Seal, his Sign to «*tend tola*

Manual or Privy Signet, qr to any indictment of High Treason, or to any Proceedings thereupon against ^anterfdtiaf

any Offender or Offenders who, by any Act or Acts now in Force, is and are to be indicted, arraigned, the Tom, Pri*r

tried, and convicted, by furh like Evidence, and in such Manner, as is used and allowed against Offcnr Sea), PnVy sig*

ders for counterfeiting his Majesty’s Coin* ’ ner, or other la*

di&mentt of

High Tittba,

CAP. LIV.

An Act for putting the Road from Clarges Street to Hyde Park Corner, and from the South

Fnd of Park Lane to the Norrh S de of Hertford Street% in the Parish of Saint George

Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex, now under the Direction of the Acts for repair-

ing the Roads in the Parishes of Kenfingtony Che!feay Fulham, and Saint George Hancver

Square, in the County of Midcdeftxy under the Management of the Commissioners for paving*

cleansing, and lighting, the Squares* Streets, Lanes, and other Places in IFeJlminster..

0 TWHEREAS by several Acts of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Preamble

4 VV < George the First, and the fourteenth, Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

4 Second, for repairing the Roads in the Parities of Ken[ingtony Cheifeay and Fulham, and other Parishes

.€ therein mentioned, in the County of AtullLfex; and for repairing some other Roads in the Parish of

Saint George Hanover Square, and the said Parishes of Kenfm^ton and Chelsea \ the Roads leading from the

4 End of Clarges Street to the present Turnpike Gate near Hyde Park C:rncry and from the South End of v

€ Park Leant to the North Side of Hertford Street^ in the said Parish of Saint George Hanover Stfuarey are,

* amongst other Roi-ds therein described, directed to be repaired : And whereas it would be of publick

€ Utility if the said Roads leading from the End of Clarges Street to the present Turnpike-gate near Ilyde

4 Park Corner, and from the South End of Park Lane to i^c North Side of Hertford Streety were put under

6 1 ... * the

