Thfc TITLES of

fcj. An Act For dividing and hicfoCng the Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Failure* and all other Open, Com-;

mon, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Nor wanton j

upon Shary in the Coutity of Ndttfngbdm. I

•4. An Act'for dividing and iitclrifiqg the Open and C6m-|

mon Fields, Common Pastures, *nd other Commonable

Linds and Grounds, within the Parish of Saint Neot'sy

in the County of Huntingdon.

'<5. An Act for dividing and inclosing* the Common Fields,

andtfther Commonable Lands and Grounds, within thej

Manor and Parish of Abington PigottSy otherwise Aldington

in the Clay, in the County of Cambridge.

*66. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the;

Open and Common Fields, and the Afidsummer znd

V:rtmtas and other Commonable M*adctws,'raftures, and

Grounds, and the Common or Waite Ground called

Aulcester Heathy within the Manor of Aulcester, in the

'County of Warwick.

<7. An Act for dividing knd inclosing the Open Fields,;

IWeaddws, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds,

within the Townships of Weft borough and Doddington,

in the Parish of ' WeJiboroUgb cum Voddhtgton* in the

County of L/mvAr.

>18. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

‘ Lahds, and Commons, Within the TbWnship and Parish

bf Croat Ufcbunuj in the Weft Riding of the County

of Yotk.

*$9. An Act for dlvfding and inclosing the Optn andCbrn-

’ mon Fields, Common Meaddws, Downs. Commons,

and other Commonable Lahds, in the Pariln of Ashbury>

In the Cotmty of Berks.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands

and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Notgrove, in the

County of Gloucester.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields,

Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of East

Newton, in the Parish of Aldborough, in Holdemefsy in

the County of York.

7*. An Act for dividing certain Commons, or Wastes, in

the Parish of Saint Alary Newington, commonly called

Newington ButtSy in the County of Surrey, and disposing

of the fame for the Benefit of the Poor of the said

Parish*

73. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open

Fields and Commonable Places, in the Pariln of Foxton,

in the County of Leicester.

74. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Earl of

Clanricarde, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees,

discharged of the Uses and Trusts of his Marriage Arti-

cles, and a voluntary Settlement made by him 5 and for

rcfettling the fame to the several Ufcs, and upon the

Trusts, therein mentioned.

75* An Act for vesting a Messuage in Pall Mally and the

Pictures and Furniture thereunto belonging, in George

Earl of Qrford* discharged from certain Trusts created

thereof; and for settling Freehold Lands, in the County

of Norfolk, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Ufcs

therein mentioned.

76. Aji Act to enable the surviving Executor named in

*she Will of IPilliam Lock Esquire, deceased, to lay out

the Residue of the Personal Estate of the said William

Lock, or some Part thereof, in the Purchase of Estates

in Ireland, to be conveyed, settled, and assured, to the

Uses, upon the Trusts, and for the Intents and Pur-

poses, and subject to the Powers and Provisoes, men-

tioned, declared, and contained, in and by the said Will,

the STATUTES.

instead of laying out the fame in the Purchase of Estates

in England, as by the Yard Will is directed.

77. An^ Act for enabling Thomas Cartwright Esquire t#

fell, In Fee Simple, Part of the settled Estates of the

said Thoma* Cartwright* to discharge Incumbrances; and

for settling the Remainder of the said Estates to the

several Ufcs therein mentioned.

78. An Act for vesting the Freehold Estates, late of James

Nelthorpe Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in order that

the’fame, or a sufficient Part thereof, may he fold, to

raifc Moneyr to be applied to pay off the Debt* and In-

cumbrances charged upon and affecting the feme; am!

for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase-money upon

the Trusts, and for the Purposes therein expressed.

79. An Act For confirming a Jointure made by JohH

Martin Esquire, under a rower contained in the Will

of James Martin Esquire, deceased, and rendering the

feme Power more efteftual.

80. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates late of

Richard Champneys Esquire, deceased, for Payment of

his Debts and Legacies ; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

'Si. An Act for vesting certain Manors and Lands, in the

County of Norfolk, Part of the settled Estates of Charlotte

Countess of Aylesfordy and her issue, in Heneage Earl of

Aylesfordy ants his Heirs ; and for settling other Manors,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Warwick,

the Estates of the said Earl, of greater and better Value,

• to the like Uses, in lieu thereof.

82. An Act for vesting several Messuages, or Tenement*,

and Hereditaments, Tituate and being in Stable- Yard

Street, in the Parish of Greenwich, in the County of

Kent* lately the Eftafe of Thomas Elvey Bricklayer, de-

ceased, in Trustees, to be sold to the Commissioners, or

Governors, and Directors of the Royal Hospital for

Seamen at Greenwich, for the Use of the said Hospital ;

and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the

Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-

ments, to be conveyed to such Uses as the said Messuage

or Tenements do now (land limited.

83. An Act to enable Charles Anderson f now called Charles

Pelham), Charles Anderson the Uncle, and Evelyn An*

derfon, Enquires, to make jointures, upon their respec-

tive Marriages, out of the Estates devised to them by the

Will of Charles Pelhamy late of BrocklcJby, in the County

of Lincoln, Esquire, deceased.

84. An Act for vesting the two Undivided Fourth Parts of

Prijcilla Allett (the Wife of John Allett Esquire) and of

William James Warner, Samuel George Warner, Rebecca

Warner, and Mary Jane Charlotte Warner, the only

Children of Alice Warner (the late Wife of William

Warner Gentleman), of and in the Manors or reputed

Manors of Great Bourton and Little Bourton, and clivers

Messuages. Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes

of Great Bourton and Little Bourton, in the County of

Oxford^ in Trustees, to sell and convey the fame to

William Prowett Gentleman; and for laying out the

Money arising by such Sale in three Pounds per Centum

Consolidated Bank Annuities, to be secured and trans-

ferred in Manner therein mentioned.

85. An Act to confirm, and render valid and efFcftual, a

Partition of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments,

in the several Counties of Somerset, Wilts, Worce/hr%

Dorset, Surrey, and MiiUlesex, and in the City of Lon-

don, late the Estates of Thomas Provfe Esquire. deccaicd,

and which, upon the Death of George Prctije Esquire,

his only Son, devolvrd upon, and vested in, the two

g Daughters

7

