A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III, C. 4, 5, 6. 149

CAP. IV.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oatmeal into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, See 6 Geo, u

. Duty-free. EXP. c*4*

CAP. V.

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch*

for a limited Time. EXP.

CAP. VI.

.An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for the

more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackbcath, of

Bromley and Beckenham, of Rckejley otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and LeJfnefsj in the

County of Kent, to the Hundred of Wallington in the County of Surrey.

of Persons, to be chosen in Manner thereby authorised, weie constituted a Court of Justice, by the

Name of The Court of Rcquejls for the Hundreds of Blackheath, a/'Bromley and Beckenham, tf/'Rokefley

4 otherwise Ruxley, and of Liule and Leffnefs, in the County of Kent, with Power to hear and determine

4 alt such Matters of Debt as are in the said Act mentioned: And whereas the Execution of the said Act

4 has already been of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Tradesmen, Artificers, Manufacturers,

and others, within the said Hundreds: And W'hereas it would be of great Advantage to the Tradesmen,

4 Artificers, and Manufacturers, inhabiting within the Hundred of WallingUn, in the County of Surrey,

4 adjoining to the said Hundred of Beckenham, being Part of the Distrids mentioned in the said Act, if

the Provisions in the said Act were extended to the said Hundred of Wallington May it therefore please '

your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

assem bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Act made in

the last Session of Parliament, intituled, 4 An Act for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts The said Art

4 within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokefey otherwise Ruxley, and of Little extended to the

and LeJJnefs in the County of Kenty with all the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Punishments, Penal- ^UI\d/cd

ties. Forfeitures, Provisoes, Matters, and Things, therein contained, {hall extend, and are hereby a in8lon*

extended to, and {hall take effect, operate, and be executed, with respect to all the several Towns,

ParUhes, and Places, within the said Hundred of Wallingtony and to all the Refiants, Inhabitants, and Per-

fons renting or keeping any Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, or seeking a Livelihood within the said Hundred

of Wallingtony and to all other Persons whomsoever, in such and the same Manner, and as fully and effec-

tually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Authorities, Directions, Punishments, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Provisoes, Matters, and Things, were herein re-enacted, with respect and in relation to the

said Hundred of Wallington.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for such Panfliloners to

of the Parishoners of the respective Parishes within the said Hundred of Wailingtotiy as have a Right to chufc Com»if.

ailemble in their several and respective Vestries, and they are hereby respectively impowered and required, fl0ner$i

upon Tuesday next after the P'east of Ea/lery which {hail be in the Year one thousand seven hundred and

of the said Persons j such Parishioners of the Parish of Cashaltoiiy other four of the said Persons; such

Farilhioners of the Parish of Beidingtony other two of the said Persons; such Parishioners of the

Parish of Mordciiy other two of the said Persons; such Parishioners of the Parish of Sutton, other

two of the said Persons j and such Parishioners of the Parish of Cheam, other two of the said Persons ;

and the Churchwardens of each respective Parish for the time being, or one of them, {hall, within two

Days next after every such Nomination, enufe two Lifts to be made out of the Persons so nominated

and appointed; and {hall cause one of the said Lifts, or a true Copy thereof, to be fixed or {luck up on the

Church Door of *heir respective Parish, and {hall deliver, or cause to be delivered, the other to the

Clerks for the time being of the Court by the said Act constituted and ;-ppcinted, or one of them, or the ir

Deputy, who {hall forthwith cause a Copy of such Lifts to be made, and stuck up in some convenient

Part of the Places where the Commissioners for putting the said Act and this Act in Execution, shall meet

for the Purposes thereof; and the Persons so to be from time to time nominated and appointed by 'he

Parishioners of the several Parishes before mentioned, shall, together with the Pc: fans appointed or to be

appointed by virtue of the said former Ad, be, and they are hereby declared, constituted, and appointed,

Commissioneis for putting the former Ad and this Act in Execution j and tht Commissioners so to be Pom

1 time

