7.44

C. 26, 27.

Anna decimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1770.

*r rmptvirp f>r

lik-r.g Ivtil.ul in

*r fn m Puces

not appo;nUtl,

cn Conv'ufPcn

to forfeit, for

«uh Oilcnte,

4cs.

If the Pier is let

flown, tins Act

to be void.

Time for bring-

ing Ad ion?, &c«

any

Double Costs.

Publidc Ad*.

Bailiff for the 'l ime being that his or their Anchor is lodged inconveniently in the said Harbour, to remove

such Anchor to some m >re convenient Place, within a reasonable Time after such Notice; or shall empty

any Ship or Yeff.1 of any Ballaff, Earth, Stone, Gravel, or Sand, in or within the said Har-

hour, or take any Earth, Stone, Gravel, or Sand, or other Matter, for ballasting any Ship,

Barque, Hoy, or other Vessel* at any other Place within the said Harbour than shall be appointed by the

Water Bailiff for the Time being; every Person so offending, and being conviited thereof, by Confcllion

or by Oath of One Witness, before any One or more of Hi? Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County

of Simerfet, shall for every such Offence forfeit, to the Person informing thereof, the Sum of Forty Shil-

lings; to be levied by Diffrels and Sab* of such Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal,

or Hands and Sea’s, of such Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had and made: And

for want of such Distress, the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction for ar

Time not exceeding One Month.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Pier or

Harbour shall be let down, or not kept in Repair, so as that the fame (lialI, through such Neglect, become

infccure and ufelcff to the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom; all and Angular the said Duties by any

former Act granted, and by this present Act continued, shall from thenceforth cease and determine; any

Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be brought

or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done by virtue of, or in pursuance

of the said forn cr Acts, or this present Act, or either of them, or in relation to the Premises; every such

Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not

afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the said County of Somerset, and not elsewhere: And the De-

fendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead Not Guilty, or make Avowry, Cognizance, or

Junification for the taking of the said Distrcffes, making of Sale, or other Thing done by virtue of this

present Act, or either of the said former Acts; alledging, in Inch Avowry, Cognizance, or J unification,

that the said Disttefs, Sale, Trespass, or other Thing, whereof the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs complained, was

done by Authority of the same Acts, or One of them, and according to the Tenor, Purport, and Effect

thereof, without expressing or rehearsing of any other Matter or Circumstance whatsoever; to which Avow-

ry, Cognizance, or Justihcation, the Plaintiff* shall be admitted to reply, that the Defendant did take the

said Distress, made the said Sale, or did any other Act or Trespass supposed in his-Dcclaration, of his own

Wrong, without any such Cause as by the said Defendant alledged; whereupon Iliue shall be joined, and

this present Act, and the said former Acts, and the special Matter, shall and may be given in Evidence at

any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the same

Acts, or Oneof them: And if the fame shallappear to have been so done, or if any such Act ion or Suit

shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing thereof, or if the fame shall be brought in any

other County or Place, then, and in such Cafe or Cafes, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defen-

dants; or if the Plaintift or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a DiContinuance of his, her, or

their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer

Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double

Colts, and shall have such Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of

Suit, in any other Cafes by Law.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said former Acts, and every of

them, and this present Act, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be Publick Acts, and be judicially

taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading

the fame.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His late Majesty, for

making the River Nar navigable, from the Town and Port of King's Lynn to Weft acre in the

County of Norfolk, and for making the said Act more effectual.

Preamble, re- 4 WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty

ju»ng Aa 24 c VV King George the Second, intituled, An Act for making the RiverNar navigable, from the Town r.nd

Coo, Ii. c. 19. c port King’s Lynn to Wcffacre in the County a/Norfolk, reciting. That the said River was very capable

4 of being made navigable, from the Town and rort of King’s Lynn xoWejlacre aforesaid; and that the fame,

4 if effected, would be of great Benefit and Advantage, not only to the said Town of King’s Lyr.ny but to all

the Towns and Places situate near the said River, and be a general Benefit to all the adjacent Country ;

4 certain Persons, therein named, were appointed Commissionets for putting the said Act in Execution;

and for that Purpose, the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, were thereby authorisei and

4 impowered to employ, orcontradl with any Person or Persons to make the said River navigable nnd pafla-

4 ble for Boats, Barges, and other Vefl’els, within the Limits aforesaid, or any Part thereof; and, for dc-

4 fraying the necessary Expences of the said Undertaking, to receive certain Tolls therein and hereinafter

4 particularly mentioned: And it was thereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Ele-

4 ven or moic of them, should have full Power, by Indenture under their Hands and Seals, to conveyor

4 transfer the said Tolls to any Person or Persons, willing to lend to the said Commissioners any Sum or

4 Sums of Money for the Purposes of the said Act, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three thousand

4 five hundred Pounds, as a Security for the Repayment of the Money so lent, with Interest for the fame

4 not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum: And the said Commissioners were thereby

~ 4 authorised

e

