A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii IIL C. 16. 37

Days respectively limited in every such Act, shall be, and are hereby directed and required to be, exe- fore the Day oa

cuted, done, and performed, on or before the Day Fortnight next after the End of this present Session WACMucbf

of Parliament, by the Persons respectively who, in every such Act respectively, have been, are, or shall

be, directed or required to execute, do, or perform the fame, on or before the Days therein limited: And havreiapfcd be-

all such Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Matters, and Things, as have been, are, or shall be, authorized f. re rhr pa.; n%

to be executed, done, or performed, on or before the respective Days limited in every such Act respec-j CjcU

tively, may be, and are hereby authorized to be, executed, done, and performed, on or before the Day PrOT,fion* and

Fortnight next after the End of this present Session of Parliament, by the Persons respectively who have exeTuted^nor

been, arc, or shall be, authorized to execute, do, or perform the fame: And all such Provisions, Powers, before the Da*

Authorities, Matters, and Things, so executed, done, and performed, on or before the Day Fortnight Fortnight neat

next after the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall be as valid and effectual, and be deemed and after the End of

taken, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been executed, done, and performed, on or before thwScfflon*

the Days limited in every such Act respectively j any thing therein contained to the contrary not-

withstanding.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for altering the Times of Payment of certain Annuities, established by Two Acts

made in the Thirty-third Year of the Rei^n of his late Majesty, and in the second Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty.

w

WHEREAS several Annuities after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum* for certain Terms of Preamble, re-

Years, and, after the Expiration thereof, at three Pounds per Centum* redeemable by Parliament, citing Claofcfr

were established by an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George »£* 33-

the Second, inritu!cd, An Act for granting to bit Majesty several Duties upon Malt; and for r a fin g the co*a*c* 7*

Sum of e 'rj't Millions* ly 1vay of Annuities and a Lottery* to be charged on the said Duties; and to prevent

the fraudulent obtaining of Allowances in the gauging of Corn making into Malt; and for making forth Du-

pile ites of Exchequer Bills* Tickets* Certificates* ^Receipts* Annuity Orders* and other Orders, left* burnt* or

dietttife dfiro,ed\ and several other Annuities after the like Rate of Four Pounds per Centum* for a

certain Term of Years, and, after the Expiration thereof, in like Manner, at three Pounds per Centum*

were eftabbfhtd by an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An and Act

Ail for raising by Annuities* in A1 inner therein mentioned* the Sum of twelve Millions* to be charged on the Geo< 3* c*lc*

Sinking Fund and for applying the Surplus of certain Duties on Spirituous Liquors* and also the Monies

a^ijing from the Duties on Spirituous Liquors* granted by an Am of this Session of Parliament: all which said

Annuities were, by the said Acts, made payable Half*yearly on the fifth Day of July* and the fifth

Day of January, in every Year, and were, by the said last-mentioned Act, consolidated, and made one

Joint Stock of Annuities for the Principal Sum of twenty millions two hundred and forty thousand

rounds: And whereas it is expedient that the Times appointed by the said Acts, for the Payment of

the said Annuities, should, with the Consent of the Proprietors thereof, be altered May it therefore

please Your Majesty, that it may be enabled and be it enacted by the King’s mull Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the Payment of the said Times of Pir.

Annuities for the Half Year which shall become due on the fifth Day of July* one thousand seven hun- went of the An-

dred and sixty-five, the subsequent Payments thereof shall, with the Consent of the Proprietors, be made kv'lu*

in Manner following; that is to say, one Quarterly Payment of such Annuities shall be made on the

tenth Day of OSto er* one thousand (even hundred and sixty-five; and from and after the said tenth Day clunf-rd, vir.

of October* such Annuities shall be paid and payable Half-yearly, on the fifth Day of April* and the After l'jyi-.-nt

tenth Dav of October* in every Year, until Redemption thereof by Parliament, in the Manner authorized or Halt Year

by the said Acts. V'i r

7 176 -, i he fotla-

quent Pavmenti, with Consent of the Proprietor!, tie to be ande, one Quarter on 10 October, 1765, and from thence forwards Half yearly, on 5 Apnl and

BO October yearly.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Proprietors of the said Annuities Poprirtors not.

who shall not, on or before the fiift Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, signify their ea rring thrir

Difi'ent to the said Alteration of the Times for the Payment of the said Annuities, in Books to be opened

at the Bank of England for that Purpose, shall be deemed and taken to act'ent thereto; any thing to the uecmcd'io nroju

contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided nevertheless, That all the Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in the said Acts, relative AH oth?rprori.

to the Payment of the said Annuities at the Times therein mentioned, shall take effect, operate, and be l",on,» r*,|al"re 10

executed, with respect to the Payment of the said Annuities, on the Days hereby appointed, as fully and fjiJ An'nu^

t fare Ur ally as if the fame were herein rcpcateJ, rc-enacted> and applied to the Payments to be made by tiV*,

the Authority of this Act. Force.

CAP.

