778

C. 45.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

4- D. *770.

^rf.n f-antinf Ceit.fi

c-te. to so N*rth by

any Manner whatsoever to do 3 for which said Certificates no Fee or Reward whatsoever shall

be taken.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twenty-

fourth Day of Jtfne, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, all Persons whatsoever taking upon

toe of *hat Office he them to grant Certificates in pursuance of this Act, or His Majesty’s Orders relating thereto, shall

set forth, in every such Certificate, determined by virtue of what Office he grants such Certificate, whether as

jo 1.Pen. tyon. g . ju^;ce of the Peace for any County, City, or Borough, Commissioner of the Land-tax, or otherwise j

and in case any Per foil shall ne0lt ft so to do, such Person shall, for every such Offence respectively,

forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for every such Neglect 3 to

be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Re-

cord at Westmin;ier, with full Costs of Suit; wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, or Wagec

of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed,

fhur'er-fession* to ip- XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace-

pu»m opcv within their respective Divisions, at their Petty Sessions, or the major Part of them then and there af-

sembled, within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall have full Power and Authority, by

virtue of this Act, and any Order or Orders made or to be made in that Behalf as aforesaid, to appoint

any Person or Persons to oe Inspector or Inspectors of any Houses, Buildings, Grounds, Fields, and

Cattle, within their said Divisions, to be affistant to the Constables, Churchwardens, and Overseers*

Council22 Foor; in such Manner as the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter-sessions, were*

9# by His late Majesty’s Order in Council, dated the Twenty-fecor.d of March, One thousand seven

hundred and forty-leven, impowered to do.

Certificate nc<<Hef« ^(XXIV. Provided, That no Seller or Buyer of any such Cattle as aforesaid shall be obliged, in

*here Buyer and Seiw confeqiu‘nce of such Order or Ordcis as aforesaid, to take out either of the said Certificates, where

*ve 7,lh'" 5 M,!c* both th~ Seller and Buyer live in the same Parish, or in the next adjacent Parish or Place, or within

"he^elier bee« in Five Miles Distance of each other j provided that the Seller of such Cattle has been in the Possession of

PoflciitoH 40 n*v*, and the Cattle so to be sold Forty Days at the lealt before such Sale ; and so as the Buyer keeps the said.

rhe Bu>er them 3 Cattle Three Months at the least from the Time he purchases the fame ; and so as the infectious Dif-- '

Months, and Distemper tcmpCr amongst the Horned Cattle be not within the Space of Ten Miles of the Seller’s Abode, and

that the Seller and Buyer live in the same County 3 any Thing in this Act to the contrary

notwithstanding.

XXXV. 4 And whereas the Magistrates of some Corporations situated within Counties at large,

L may in some Places presume to hold Fairs and Markets for the Sale of Horned Cattle, when the

Justices of the Peace for the County at large may have prohibited Fairs and Marke:s%tobe holden in

in Manner dlrWVed

Order in

JHar. 1749

be nut within 10 Miles

of Seller’s Abode, &cc.

* the said County, pursuant to and during the Continuance of Orders made in that Behalf as aforesaid,

» t,-L- • r r\- j c which in a great Measure will frustrate the said Prohibition, and occasion many Disputes 3’ be it

Markets madeb>justices therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day.

•t Counties at large, ex- of June, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, where the Justices of the Peace for any County at

such Counties.

ICO !. Penalty 00 Ma-

gift rate offending.

at

lendH to Corporations large have already prohibited, or shall hereafter think proper to prohibit Fairs and Markets to be

toholdcn for the Safe of Horned Cattle within such County, such Prohibition made as aforesaid shall be

deemed and taken to extend to all Corporations within such County, cr surrounded by or lying con-

tiguous to such County 3 aay Charter, Privilege, or Exemption to the contrary notwi.hstanding

And in case any such Magi ft rate shall wilfully and knowingly proclaim or give Notice, or cause to be

proclaimed or Notice to be given of any Fair or Market for Horned Beasts, or shall wilfully and know-

ingly permit any Horned Beasts to be brought into, or sold at any Fair or Market within his TurifJic-

tion, during such Prohibition as aforesaid, such Magi ft rate shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hun-

dred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to any Person who shall sue for the same in any of

His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster^ wherein no Efi'oin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of!

Law, or more than One Imparlance mail be allowed.

Magistrates, &c. n^t to XXXVL And be it further enacted. That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, One

ccuify for any Beasts or thousand seven hundred and seventy, no Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate of any Corporation*.

Hides, but furh as have or Commissioner of the Land-tax for such Corporation, or Rector or Vicar within any Corporation,.

JithinTneiriu^Idifti^ during the Continuance of such Orders as aforesaid, shall certify for any Horned Beast but such as -

cn Penalty of joi. ' have been kept within his Jurisdiction for the Time required by Law, nor for the Hide of any Beast

but such as have been slaughtered within his Jurisdiction ; any former Law or Statute to the contrary

notwithstanding : And in case any such Magistrate shall take upon him to grant Certificates otherwise

than as aforesaid, such. Magistrate shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds of lawful Money,

of Great Britain, for every Certificate so granted, to any Person or Persons that shall sue for the same ;

• to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of

- Record, at WestminJIer, with full Costs of Suit; wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of

Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed. . v

4, justices at General XXX VIL And be it further enacted by this Act, That it shall and may be lawful for any Four or

garter-sessions, &c. on^more of the Justices of the Peace of any County within this Realm, at their General Quarter-sessions,

informationthatDiftem- or any Adjournment thereof* upon Information given to them that such Distemper is in any neigh-

tog Count^ n• °Ur" houring County, to prohibit for a certain Time, or until the Distemper shall cease in such County,

may prohibit Cattle, *«. any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer or Heifer from being driven or removed, or any Hides, Skins or

Ifeing brought from Fifth carried from such County, or from any Hundred, Lathe, Wapentake, Rape, Ward or other

tk*c«uuothcir.Coiuitjr. Division of such County so infefted, into the County so making such Order ; and in case any Person

shall act contrary to such Order, such Person shall incur the Penalties and Forfeitures herein before;

enacted against Pcifoni driving Cattle without Certificates.

XXXYUL And,

