C.4<>» Anno feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767,

•The above Re- II. Provided always. That the Regulations herein before-mentioned shall not extend, or be deemed of

gularions not to construed to extend, to any Waggons or Wains having the Axle-tree6 thereof of such different Lengths,

f'onT&c. com- t*iat Distance from Wheel to Wheel of the narrower Pair of the said Wheels be not more than four

ing within the* Feet two Inches, to be measured at the Ground; and that the Distance from Wheel to Wheel of the

IMcriptioa other Pair thereof be such, that the Fore and Hind Wheels of such Waggons and Wains shall roll only1

here mea- one single Surface or Path of sixteen Inches wide at the least, on each Side of the said Waggons or

tioned: Wains, and having the Fellies thereof of the Breadth of nin^ Inches from Side to Side at the Bottom or

Particular Prt- Sole thereof; but that the fame shall pass upon any Turnpike Road, and through any Toll-gate or Bar

within one hundred Miles from Lonclony upon paying only so much of the Tolls and Duties as shall not

cornuh Wa*- exceed one Half of the full Toll or Duty payable, or by this Act intended to be paid, for all Waggons

* or Wains having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gage of nine Inches from Side to Side, or

for the Horses or Bealls of Draught drawing the fame, and not rolling a Surface of sixteen Inches, in the

Manner herein before set forth.

The said Regu- III. Provided also, That the Regulations herein before-mentioned concerning the Wheels of Car-

lationt not to ex- riages, and their Loading, shall not extend or be deemed or construed to extend to any Carts, Waggons,

tend toCarnages or other Carriages, employed only in Husbandry, or carrying only Manure for Land, Hay, Straw, Fodder,

^HuLndry. or Corn unthrelhed.

Trusteesimpow- IV. And for the better discovering and detesting the Offenders against this Act, it is hereby further

•red to order the enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by an7

Fellies of all Act or Acts of Parliament, made or to be made for the repairing or amending any Turnpike Road within

Waggons, &c. the Kingdom, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Writing

10 be gaged. under their Hands, to order the Fellies of all Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other Carriages, which are

or ought to be of the Breadth or Gage herein before directed and prescribed, to be measured and gaged at

any Weighing Engine, or at any Turnpike or Toll-gate, erected or to be erected upon any Part of the

Turnpike Road in or upon which such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage respectively, shall travel, pass,

or be drawn.

* No Compositian V. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Trustees of any Turnpike Road to make

for Toils to be Composition for Tolls for or in respect of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, or Horses or Beasts

of Narrow Draught drawing the fame, unless such Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Carriages, have the Fellies of

Wheeled Car- the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gage of nine Inches; any Law to the contrary thereof not-*

nagei. withstanding.

5K Penalty on VI. And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall unload, or cause to be unloaden, any

fraudulently un. Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, from any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, (except such Carriages as

loading Goods are herein before excepted) at or before the fame shall come to any Turnpike-gate' or Weighing Engine

to^an' Gatfcor erected> or to he erected, by virtue or in pursuance of this or any other Act made, or to be made, for the;

Weighing En- Repair or Preservation of any Turnpike Road within this Kingdom ; or shall load or lay upon such Car-

ginc, or laying riage (except as aforesaid) after the fame shall have passed any such Turnpike-gate or Weighing Engine,

on Goods after any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, taken or unloaden from any Horse, Cart, or other Carriage, belong-

hhav'fngpi.fled to* or hired or borrowed by, the fame Waggoner or Carrier, in order to avoid the Payment of the

a e amc; said respective Duties of twenty Shillings per Hundred ; each and-every Person so offending, and being

thereof lawfully convicted before the Trustees of such Tolls or Duties, or any three or more of them, or

one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where the Offence

shall be committed, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit and pay

the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of the Owners of such Cart, Waggon,

»nd the Driver or other Carriage; and each and every Driver of such Waggon or Carriage so offending, and being

to be committed thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall be committed to the House of Correction for the Space of one

lor one Month, Month : And in case any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls or Duties at any Gate or Turnpike where,

S-c'nnc7h-ir or near to any Crane, Machine, or Engine, for weighing of Carriages, shall be built and erected,

Doty are liable shall permit or suffer any Cart, Waggon, or Carriage, as aforesaid, being laden, to pass or repass through

to be discharged, any such Gate or Turnpike without weighing the fame, and being thereof convicted in Manner aforesaid ;

such Collector or Receiver, so offending, mall be immediately discharged, and rendered incapable of

®r forfeit si. holding any Office under the said Trustees, or shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, at the Option of

such Trustees.

Regulations to

be observed in

the Conf>ru£tion

®f the Wheels

of Wargons, &c.

travelling < n

Turnp ke Roads

above 2.0 Miles

fiom London,

on Forleifuic

of s I. &y the

Owner.

Oihcers required

to measure such

Carriage* ac-

cordingly ;

5 J. Ecaalty on

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Waggon, Wain, or Cart, shall pass along any Turnpike

Road, being above twenty Miles from the Cities of London or Westminster, having the Fellies of the

Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gage of nine Inches at the Bottom, unless the fame shall be made and

constructed in such Manner, that no Pair of such Wheels (except such as shall roll a Surface of sixteen

Inches) fha!l be wider than four Feet fix Inches from Inside to Inside, to be measured on the Ground ;

auJ that the Distance from the Center of the Fore Wheel to the Center of the Hind Wheel of any such

Waggon, or Four Wheel Carriage (not being used for the Carriage of Timber only) be not above nine

Feet, to be measured from the Center of the Axle-trees at the Ends thereof; on rain of the Owner or

Owners of every such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, forfeiting the Sum of five Pounds for every such Offence:

And the Surveyor or Surveyors, Gate-keeper or Gate-keepers, of any Turnpike Road, is and arc hereby

authorized and required, at any Turnpike or Toll-gate, or at any other Place upon the Turnpike Road,

to measure every such VVac.gon, Wain, or Cart; and if any Mailer or Driver of any Waggon, Wain,

or Cart, shall hinder, or refills to permit, such Surveyor or Surveyors, Gate-keeper or Gate-keepers, to

measure such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, as aforesaid, he or she {hall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; and

i it

