A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. - C. 4S. 131

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pccuni.vy Penalties and Forfeitures an<*

determined by this A t impos'd. In. 11 an 1 may be filed for and recovered in any of hi* Majesty’s Courts of Record at

ff. ':*r:>!/!iry or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, ri fpcctively, by Action, Hill, Plaint, or Informa- Venaircs and

tu n, in the Name of his Mujcfiy’s Attorney General, or in the Name of his Mnjeffy’s Advocate in Scot- Foiftiurci.

/, or in the Name or Names or lbmc Officer or OHicers of the Customs; and that one Moiety of every

f ;v h Penalty and Forfeiture shall be to his Alajcffy, his Heiis and SuecciTors; and the other Moiety thereof

to the Officer or ()lficers of the Culb.ms who shall inform and prosecute for the fame

X. Provide! also, and be it further enacted by the Authority afore ibid, That nothing in this A cl con- Wca’rr offy-h

tstru’d thai! extend, or be in any wile cor. ff rued to extend, to subject any Person or Persons who f! 1 ai 1 wear J1* ”n|.

cr make ulc of such Silk Stockings, Silk Alius, or Silk Glove* as afore .0 id, as Part of his, her, or their Ylqt.1-C 0r Venal-

Apparel or Dress only, to any Forfeiture, or to any pecuniary Penalty or Penalties infiiclcd by this Aii, or ty.

Xo »rv Proof that the fame were manufactured with n (treat Britain.

4 X I. An i wherens by an A.f passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present M. jelly, for cx- Pml-Ics Jnfiifl-

4 r?ain:ng, amending, and rendering mnre effectual, an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Pcign of ^ At\ 19

4 K rc Henry the Seventh, intituled, S:i.< [forks, certain Penalties are thereby inflicted upon any Per:on or ^J;c' 2ff*u

4 Pci tuns wnu fhnM impoit, bring, or convey, or cause to he imported, brought, or conveyed, into this on

4 Kirgdom, any Ribbands, Paces’, or Girdles, not made and manufactured in Great Br itain, whether the poking i<it>

4 f-mc be wrought (if Silk alone, or wrought of Silk mixed with any other Ma'eiiaU; or who ihail be Lary*. or

4 aving, abetting, or addling, in the bringing and conveying, or importing into this Kingdom, any such G.,rdI^> ofl'^

4 Ribbands, Laco, or Girdles, as a fore said; and also upon every Per foil and Perions being a VenJcr or an^up >n*

4 Venders* Retukr or Retailers, of any Kind of Ribbands, Luces, or Girdles, respectively, in whole the AiJmtherc-

4 Cu doily or PolLinon any such Ribbands, Laces, or Girdles, or any of them, ihail be found; or w ho in, and the

4 /hail fell, or ex pole to Sale, any fuel) Ribbands, Laces, or Girdles, as aforesaid; or who shall conceal any Vender?, or Con.

4 such Ribbands, Laces, or Girdles, with intent to prevent the Forfeiture or Seizure of the fume; which C^mcdTn^i>

4 Pen allies, by reason of the Smallness thereof, have been found inefficient to answer the good Intention of ficicnr. 10 u "

the lb d AutPe it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Per- and Persons for

son*, v. ho fh*Il be guilty of any of the Offences aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the the future ?u \:y

Sum of two hundred Pounds, together with Cods of Suit; and shall and may be sued for and recovered in anyofthei-td

any of i.is Majesty’s Courts of Record at U'ejbnlnfter, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respec-

t.vciv, by Action, Hill, Plaint, or Information, in the Name of his Majesty’s Attorney General, or in the CofliofSuit*

Name of h:s Maidly’s Advocate in Scotland, or in the Name or Names of some Officer or Officers of the One Moiety to

Customs; and that one MoEty of every fuel) Penalty and Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs tl,e Kini?»an<*

i id ^cuffLrs; and the other Moiety thereof to the Officer or Officers who shall inform and prosecute for lhe

the fa me

XiL Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this but the Wearer

Act contained shill extend, or be in any wise construed to extend, to subject any Person or Persons what- is not tote sub-

so.ver, who shall wear or make ufc of such Ribbands, Laces, or Girdles, as aforesaid, as Part of his, her, prt to any For.

r>r :h. ir Apparel or Dress only, to any Forfeiture, or to any pecuniary Penalty or Penalties infiiclcd by the rc,ture°tFc-

f-.J recited Act, or this Act; or to any Proof that such Ribbands, Laces, or Girdles, wete manufactured ai ty*

in CBritain.

4 XilL And whereas in and by the said recited Act it is enacted, That all and every such Ribbands,

Frees, and Girdles, after Condemnation thereof, shall, by Order of the Court, Judge or Judges, or Juf-

4 Pices, where or before whom fuel) Condemnation shall be had, be pablickiy burnt and entirely destroy-

4 ed: And wheieas the Intention of the Lid Act might be more effectually answered, if such Ribbands,

4 Lares, and Girdles, were fold and disposed of in Manner herein after mentioned, inffead of being burnt and

4 iKfiroycd as aforesaid lie it therefore further enacted by the Authority afoicfaid. That all such Ribbands, Such Rihhanrfi,

Lmci, and Girdles, shall be only feizcJ and secured, in pursuance of the Powers granted by the said Ae% LJcej, and Gir-

ty some Ofiicrr or Officers of his Majesty’s Customs, and shall, after Condemnation thereof in due Course bfinV^irnt,pur«

^ f I>a-w, be publickly fold for ti)c belt Advantage for Exportation, by the Candle; and one Moiety of the fluni to the re-

Pro ti e or Money arising by the bale of such Ribbands, Laces, and Girdles, shall be paid to the Use of cited Aei, arc to

the King’s M-jilty, his Hcii» and Successors, and the other Moiety therejf to the Use of such Officer or I*publickly fold,

( fi of the Customs who shall seize and secure the fame as aforesaid; and no such Ribbands, Laces, or

G u!e', shall be conlumcd or 11 led in this Kingdom, but shall be exported again to some Pott or Place, ctported to

ne t being any Part of his Majesty’s Dominions, and shall not be fold, otherwise than on Condition to be t<rc,:n

exp orted as aforesaid; and fuel) Ribbands, Laces, and Girdles, shall not be delivered out of the Ware-

h jjie w herein the fame shall have been secured, until sufficient b’ecflrity be fiift giv^ n to the King’s Majesty,

r* s Heirs and >ucceflors, (which the Commissioneis of his Majesty’s Customs arc hereby impowcied and for whica Sccu*

r.; a.rr d to tuke; that the fan'.c, anJ e\cry Part thereof, shall be exported as afoicfaid, and not landed again *»ty » to be

in any Pirf of his M. jclly’s Dominions; which faiJ Securities shall be discharged without bee or Reward, an^*r^"

Certiorate returned under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate in any Place or Places beyond

tK c an 1 out of his Majesty’s Dominions, or under the Hands and Seals of two known Lnyhjh AKr- in;ti vtn.f, ac-

i. 1 *,:> of 1 o> h Place, that the Gerais were there landed, or upon Proof by credible Periluis that fin h Goods n ■!», < r

.'.c'e t-ken by Knimivs, or perished in the Seas, the Examination and Proof thereof bcii g left to tire I',nt r, J p

J j " ? *ment of the f.ii Commissioneis; which C^ummiifioners arc hereby impowered, Horn time to time,

i j c^II upon the Person or Persons who have entered into such Security to produce such Certificate or Proof

i/OfCla;d. io lhe

S 2

4

XIV. And

