546 C. 19, 20. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769J

the Bank, of Securities purchased with the Surplus Money placed to the Account of Interest arising fronv

Monks placed out in pursuance of an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Hi*

pr^ sent Majesty.

CAP. XX.

An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace in their General Quarter Sessions of their respective

Counties and Divisions to repair the Shire Halls, County Halls, or other Buildings, wherein

the AlFizes or Grand Sessions are usually held.

Preamble. 4 \ T7 HEREAS oubts have arisen in several Counties within the Kingdom of England and Prin-

cipality of Wales, whether there be any lawful Authority for the repairing Shire Halls* or other

4 Buildings usually made use of for the holding the Ailizes or Grand Selhons within such Counties: For

the clearing fuen Doubts, and for making Provision for repairing the fame whenever it shall beneceflary,

4 May it please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and' be it enacted determined by the King's most Excellent

The justicM at Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

arcTm- this nrefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful

po/ end, upon for the Justices of the Peace in their respective General or Quarter Sessions, or the greater Part of them

l^rer.’ir.mc of tl>en and there assembled, within the Limits of their Commissions, upon Presentment of the Grand Jury

thr Grand f. ry at the Assizes or Great Sessions, or General Goal Delivery held for the said County at their Shire flail,

,htrtf1z's’£'v*er other Building usually made use of for the holding (he Assizes or Great Sessions within such County,

to repair fu< h of the ill State and Condition of any such Shire HalT. or other Building, and the NeccfBty of repairing

Si.* Mails, fiV.the Came, to order and direct, in pursuance of such Presentment, such Shire Hall, or other Building, to

^ 11 b" r|r* be repaired in such Manner as they in their Difcredons shall think fit; and {hall assess and rate all and

b^out of R :r°cvcr y Sum and Sums of Mon:y which shall be laid out and expended in repairing the fame upon the fe-

^ 0 pa r> veral Hundreds, Lathes, Wapentakes, Rapes, Cities^ Towns, Parishes, Townfoips, Wards, or other

Diwfions, of th? said County j and to cause and direct the fame to be collected, levied, and paid,

.Hatelo'7rn- ^ the k*116 shall coilefted, levied, and paid in the same Manner, and by and to the fame Officenand

in? 1 hr charges other Persons, and under the fame Conditions, Terms, Limitations, Restrictions, Pai ns, Penalties and

rhererf, to be ie-Forfeitures, as other County Rates are ordered and directed to be assessed, rated, coilefted, levied and

vird, &v. as di- paid, in and by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

itdcdbyAtfv Second* intituled,*4 An Act for the more easy assessing, collecting, and levying County Rates \ and in

i2 Geo ii.c 2 by a Clause in an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the said King, intituled, 4 An Act to con-

1,29,4 tinue several Laws therein mentioned for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull

and n Cco. H down or destroy Turnpikes; for repairing Highways or Locks, or other Works erected by Authority

c. #4* of Parliament for making Rivers navigable; for preventing Exactions of the Occupiersof Locks and

Weirs upon the River *foames Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the

4 fard River: for preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and for better securing the lawful Trade of.

c His Majesty’s Subjects to and from the East Indict, and for the more effectual preventing all His Mi-

jesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions; and for limiting the Time for filing forth

Writs of Certiorari upon Proceedings before Justices of the Peace, and for regulating the Time and

4 Manner of applying for the fame; for the better and more (peedv Execution of Prooefs- within parti-

4 cular Franchises or Liberties; and for extending the Powers and Authorities of Justices of Peace of

Counties, touching County Rates, to the Tuftices of the Peace of such Liberties and Franchises as

4 have Commissions of the Peace within them/elves/

Bat wf ere-any H. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Cafes where any

shire Shire Hal), County Hall, or other Building usually made use of for the holding the Assizes or Great Set-

ha* Time out offtons, hath for Time out of Mind been repaired at the Expence of any particular Person or Persons,

Ridirtg°r hidings, Division or Divisions, Part or Parts, of any County or Shire, the fame shall for ever

peace<^Mrticu- hereafter be repaired at the Expence of the Inhabitants of such Riding.or Ridings, Division or Divisions,

UrPUce£W*. Part or Parts, as they have heretofore been; and the Sumand Sums of Money to be laid out in repair-

the feme it to being the fame shall be assessed, rated on, and coltefted, levied and paid, by such Division or Divisions, Put

kepkln5fcp"ir or of such County* in the Manner in this Act herein before directed.

at cbe Expence ^ tJie ij^bitinu of such Placet, fife.

lupairr not *xL HI. Provided nevertheless, and it ia hereby further enacted,. That if there should be Oecafton for any

eeding *pL are sudden Repairs which will not cost more than the Sum of Thirty Pounds, it shall be lawful for any Tfro

wanted. Two Justices of the Peace'of such County*. Division, Riding, or Place, after having viewed the lame, and an

m»k«anOrdtr Efthnate of Workmen-made, of the Expence thereof, to order, the fame to be repaired, and the Mo-

therein. ney to be raised upon the County* in the same Manner as it it by this Act appointed to be mifed after a

Presentment of the Grand Jury,

ettitt, and other iv. Provided, and be it further enacted* That all Cities, Corporations, Rapes, Wapentakes, Boroughs*

fej^JuTto* Towns, Ports, rariihes, Toyrnships, or other Places, Of Divisions, wPerfoo^r Persons, which are now

^.ooooie

