406 C. 5 Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

General Issue, and the Person of Persons so sued or* prosecuted may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the

Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance

ahd by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action, Suit, or'

: Information, shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or mall be brought ia

, any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Cafe the Jury shall find for the Defen-

, dant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of

his* her, or their Action, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared;

or if in any such Action, Suit, or Information, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

Double Cofti, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Coils, and shall have such Remedy for the fame, as any

Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

publick A&. CXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick,

Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever*

without specially pleading the same.

C A p. LII.

An Act for erecting a proper and convenient Pier at the Port of Saint Ivey> in the County of

. Cornwall\ for the better Protection of Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Port.

-Preamble,

c TT / HEREAS the Port of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, is situated upon the North of

- Saint George's Channel, about twelve Miles within the Land’s End of England, and distant about

€ twenty-eight Leagues from any Harbour of Safety in those Seas: And whereas, by erecting a proper Pier,

c the said Port of Saint Ives would be rendered a safe and commodious Harbour, become easy of Access,

and afford great Protection to the Lives and Properties of many of his Majesty's Subjects, and others,

4 at present frequently exposed to Loss and Hazard through the Want of such a Resort: And whereas the

4 said Design may be carried into complete Execution, by the Aid of a small Tonnage or Duty to be laid

4 on all Ships or Vessels likely to partake of the Advantage resulting from so good a Work 5 and* beyond

the aforesaid salutary Ends, the Trade and Commerce in general, carried on to and from his Majesty’s

4 Dominions, will be thereby greatly promoted and advanced :* May it please your Majesty, that

it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's tnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Comfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

♦Ttvftcet, and by the Authority of the same. That the Tufticcs of the Peace for the County of Cornwall, and for the

Borough of Saint Ives, for the time being, shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed Trustees,

. for enlarging, improving, maintaining, and preserving, the said Port and Harbour of Saint Ives, by erecting

and building a new Pier or Piers, or such other Works, in such Manner as to them, or any five or moreof

them, at their General Meeting assembled, shall seem most proper, and for putting in Execution all other

the Powers in and by this Act given and granted, according to the Method herein after prescribed 5 and it

: shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any jive or more of them, to order and dirtft til

Matters and Things, and to cause the fame to be done, from time to time, which shall be necessary for the

enlarging, improving, maintaining and preserving, the said Port and Harbour, according to the true Intent

and Meaning of^ this Act.

FirA Meeting of IL And be it further enacted, That the first Meeting of the said Trustees shall be on the twenty-fourth

Trustcci. Day of July* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, at the House of Master Nathaniel Hicks, within

the said Borough of Saint Ives; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or

. more of them, to meet and assemble, from time to time, as they find proper, at such Place or Places

as they shall judge most convenient, within the said Borough of Saint Ives> for carrying on and effecting

v the Purposes of this Act.

Trufoei to‘re- HI. And be it further enacted, That It shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any five or more

move Obflruc- of them, and their Agents and Officers, from time to time, by their Orders and Directions, to takeaway

tiom. or remove any Obstruction that may be necessary to be taken away or removed, for the enlarging, im-

proving, and maintaining, the said Port and Harbour of Saint Ivesy or for the better attaining the Purposes

. of this Act, making Satisfaction to the respective Owner or Owners of the Premises, in such Manner is

is herein after mentioned.

Trustees to agree IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees appointed by this

Workmen Act, or any five or more of them, to contract and agree with any Workmen, Artificers, or other Persons

for bu iding a whomsoever, bona fide, for the making and doing all and every or any Part of the Work or Business to be

i*ar ^one ,n or ahout the erecting and building a Pier or Piers, and otherwise enlarging, finishing, and mam-

ixmr.o St*IvCi* taining the said Port and Harbour of Saint Ives; and also with any Person or Persons for Timber, Stones,

' or other Materials, which shall be necessary to be used in or about the building of such Pier or Piers, and

the enlarging and maintaining of such Port and Harbour as aforesaid.

Tn^es may V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or moreof them, shall have full Power

put chafe Build- and Authority to agree with the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of all such Buildings, Houses,

ings, ice. Grounds, or Estates, as they shall find necessary for them to be possessed of, or to be removed* or otherwise

employed for the better Execution of the Purposes of this Act.

Bodies Politick, 4 VI. And whereas it may happen that some Person or Persons, or Bodies Politick or Corporate, Feof-

ice. m»y con- ‘ fees in Trust, Infants, Femes Covert, or others, disabled by Law to grant or convey the Inheritance in

s Ucd»he Lands, may he seised of Lands and Tenements which jnay be necessary to be conveyed and made use ol

» 5 4

