A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. 32. 605

Corredion for the said City or County, until he or she shall pay the Sum so awarded, or for any Time

not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners,Com^j^ner*

or any Nine or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to l ime, to fell M^e/Lis 'and

and dispose of all or any Part of the old Pavements or other Materials to such Person or Persons m\y thCMo-

as shall be willing to purchase the fame, and apply the Purchase-money to the Purposes of this Act. ney, &c.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall makeNo Aitcrat;on to

or cause to be made any Alteration in the Form of any of the Pavements of the said Streets or Lanes, be made in the

or any Part thereof; or take up or put down any Water-pipe or Plug, without the Consent of the faidF ^m of the

Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, or of their Surveyor or Clerk; and in case any such °J

Pavement shall be taken up for amending or altering any Water-pipe or Plug, the fame shall be laid without

down and repaired under the Infoedion of such Surveyor or Clerk, and the Charges and Expences PavcmentVuken

thereof shall be paid by the said Commissioners, and they shall be reimbursed by the Person or persons up for amending

who shall take up, or cause or procure to betaken up, the said Pavement, or any Part thereof; and in

case the fame Pavement, or any Part thereof, shall be altered in Form aforesaid, without such Consent as J^onof the

aforesaid, the Party or Parties so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, survc>or°

over and above all Expences incurred or to be incurred in reinstating the fame ; and in case any Person or Penalty on aher-

Persons so procuring such Pipes to be taken up or put down, shall not pay the Charges and Expences of«^ the Form of

paving the fame Streets, that the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, are hereby authorif- Pavement*

ed and impowered to bring or cause to be broaght any Adtiomor Actions, in the Name of their Clerk for&c*

the Time being, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money so disbursed or forfeited, by Action of

Debt or on the Cafe, as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and forcourfcof Got-

the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time, to direct and cause theto be turned,

Co jrfeof any Gutter or Channel of or in the said Streets or Lane*, or either of them, to be turned or a"d Crale* ait6r*

altered, and the Water-pipes which now lie or hereafter shall be laid under Ground, to be taken up, andc

Co be raised or funk; and also to make such Shores, Drains, Gutters, and Watercourses, as shall be

necessary, and from Time to Time to open, repair, cleanse, and alter the fame, in such Places, Manner,

and Form, as they shall think proper ; and to direct the Grates already placed, or hereafter to be

placed, to be removed and replaced, in such Manner, and at such Place or Places as they shall think

most proper ; the fame to be done from Time to Time by and out of the Monies arising by virtue

of this Act. . . , Penalfyondriving

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any .Person or Persons shall wheelbarrow?,

run, drive, draw, or cause to be run, driven, or drawn, on any Part of the Foot Pavements of theon the Foot

said Streets or Lancs, any Wheel or Sledge,* Wheelbarrow or any o:hcr Carriage whatsoever ; or shall Ii^TngT'mhYr

drag any 'Timber, or any Sort of Materials, over the Carriage YVay or Ways, in the said Streets o PlovertheCar-

Lanes, such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of Ten shillings for each Offence. rhge Wayi.

XXL Provided a! ways, and be it further ennded by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and mayHudi, Ac. may

be lawful for any Person or Persons to ered or set up, or cause to be erected or set up, in the said bcmadc^>,.hu,d'

Streets or Lanes, any Inclosure, Ports, Bars, or Rails, or other Matters or Things, for the Purpose

making Mortar, or denofiting Bricks, Lime, or other Materials, for building or repairing of Houses,

Buildings, or other Works, during the Time of such building or repairing; every such Person first ob-

taining Leave under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or their Sur-

veyor Tor the Time being, for those Purposes respectively : And if any Person or Persons shall cred and

set up, or cause to be erected and set up, any such Inclosures, or any other Matter as aforesaid, for the Pur-

poses aforesaid, without such Leave as aforesaid ; every such Person, for every such Offence, shall forfeit

and pay the Sum of One Shilling for every Hour that such Inclosure, Matter, or Thing as aforesaid, shall

remain and continue.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and forTo fink or d*

the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, to cause to be dug and funk in such Place and new Wc,ls*

Places in the said Streets and Lanes, any Well or Wells ; and also to ered any Pump or Pumps on now Tam]!*

or near the fame; and also to remove or alter any Pump now Handing, for the Purpose of water-

ing or widening the said Streets and Lanes, as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them,

shall direct.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or anysigns, Ac. tebt

Nine or more of them, shall eause all Signs which now are, or at any Time hereafter shall be placed orrcguUted.

hung in any Part or Parts of the said Streets and Lancs, to be fixed or placed on the Fronts of such

Houfs respectively where to the fame shall belong ; and also shall and may cause all Sign Irons, Ports,

Boards, Gutters, Penthouses, Porches, or other Things occasioning any Obrtrudion, Projedion, or

Annoyance, in the said Streets and Lancs, to be removed or altered in such Manner as the said Com-

mirtioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall think mort proper and convenient; and that for the fu-

ture all Signs, Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the Fronts of the Houses or

Buildings whereunto they respectively belong, and not otherwise; and if any Person or Persons shall

at any Time hereafter hang, place, ered, cr build, any Sign, Sign Port, or Iron, Board, Penthouse,

Porch, Spout, or Gutter, or cause the fame to be done in any other Manner than as aforesaid, or shall

