44 C. 25. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

such Captains j And if any Dlfpute shall arile concerning the Distribution of the said Prize Money, such Difoute shall be

ftribute^he fame determined by the Commissioners, or any three or more of them; whose Determination shall do final*

among the respettire Persons intitled thereto. Commissioners to determine Difpates arifbig thereupon j

and todischarge IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commission-

©ut of the Prize ers shall, and they are hereby impowered, out of any Money which shall come to their Hands of such i»n-

penceYa«endin« c^a*rne(^ Prize Money, in the first Place, to satisfy and discharge all such Expences as shall arise to any

the Execution of Person or Persons employed by them in settling the said Accounts, and all other reasonable Expences at-*

this Act. tending the Execution of this Act.

Recovery of the V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred

Penalties and by this Act, may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Coarts of Record at Westminflir3

Forfeitures, wherein no Efloin, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall.be al-

and Application lowed; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be applied, one Moiety to the \Jfe of

thereof* his Majesty, his Heirs, and Succefior9, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall inform or

sue for the same.

No Claim 'of VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Claim of any Prize Money

Pnae Money to be admitted or allowed after the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and 4xtyfeveo,

1 jsnuary?1767!or furt^cr Day the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall appoint.

CAP. XXV*

An Act to alter certain Rates of Postage, and to amend, explain, and enlarge, several Pfo-

visions in an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anney and id other A6fcs

relating to the Revenue of the Post Office.

Preamble!

See Geo. 3.

c. 24.

J Geo. 3. c. 50.

I# Geo. 3. e. 35.

j

Repeal of so

much of the Act

of 9 Ao. c. xo.

as establifhes the

Rates of Postage

of Letters be-

tween London

and the British

Dominions in

America, and

Places within

the said Domi-

And from and

after 10 October,

1765, inftesdof

the Rates there-

by established,

vhofe following

are to take place.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

c \X7 HEREAS the Security and Improvement of Correspondenee, throughout your Majesty's Domi-

4 W nions, is a Matter of great Concernment, and highly necessary for the Preservation and Exten-

( fion of Trade and Commerce: And whereas by an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late

Majesty Queen Anne, several Rates are settled for the Port and Conveyance of Letters and Packets

4 passing to and from the several Parts of the British Dominions in Europe and America: And whereas by

the Increase of Trade and Commerce since the passing of the said Act, and by the vast Accession of Terri-

4 tory gained by the late Treaty of Peace, several Communications are opened, and new Polls have been

4 or may be establiftied to and from the several Parts of your Majesty's Dominions in America, for which

the Rates of Postage cannot, under the present Law, be properly ascertained: And whereas the present

4 Rates of Postage may in some Parts be reduced, and the Revenue nevertheless may hereafter be ion-

4 proved, by means of a more extensive Circulation We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects,

the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con*

sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same. That so much of the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her

said late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all her Majesty*s

Dominions, and for settling a Weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereoffor the Service of the War, and other her

Majesty s Occajtons, as establishes certain Rates or Sums for the Port or Conveyance of Letters and Packets

passing between London and the British Dominions in Americp. and between any Places within the said

Dominions, shall, from and alter IBetentK Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, be,

and is iieVeby, repealed.

II. And, to the end that more easy and equal Rates of Postage may be settled and established, and the

Benefit of Posts be in Time extended to every Part of the British Dominions in America, be it enacted by

the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred

and sixty-five, it shall andmay be lawful to and for his Majestyrs Post Matter General for the time being,

and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, to and for the Use of his Majesty,

his Heirs, and Successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all and

every the Letters, Packets, and other Things, that shall be carried or conveyed to or from London, from

or to any of the British Dominions in America, and to or from any Part of the said Dominions, from or

to any other Part thereof, according to the several and respective Rates and Sums hereafter Mentioned ;

the fame being rated either by the Letter, or by the Ounce; that is to say,

Rata of Poffoge For all Letters and Packets passing from London to any Port within the British Dominions in America,

from London to ancj ftom any such port unto London> for every Single Letter one Shilling; for every Double Letter two

St BHdft Do111 Shillings; for every Treble Letter three Shillings; and for every Ounce four Shillings; and so in Propot-

miniont im A- tion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, or other Things.

mcriaa, and from any such Port to London j

and from any For all Letters and Packets conveyed by Sea from any Port in the British Dominions in America, to

Port io tfcc hW any other Port within the said Dominions, for every Single Letter four Pence; for every Double Letter

’Bnmtotom to eight

