A. D.

lyyo.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

C.

23-

705

Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and left at their respective Dwelling-houses or lift Place

of Abode, together with a Bill annexed thereto (which Notice shall contain an Account of such Charges

and Expences) ; that then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commis-

(ioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and

impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in their own Names, or in the Name

or Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, against all or any or either of the respective

Persons aforesaid, for the Recovery of such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall hav e so laid out and ex-

pended for the Purncfes aforesaid ; in which Action or Actions no Eflbip, Protection, or Wager of Law,

or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LIV. 6 And whereas the Commissioners of Sewers, in some Parts of the Year, do not meet until a very Commissioneri

4 considerable Interval of Time from their last preceding Meeting, from which great Inconveniencies may wth

c arise ;\be it therefore enacted. That the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution shall, within commiflioners

the Limits aforesaid, have the fame Authority to determine in all Cafes as the Commissioners of Sewers of S wers.

shall now enjoy.

LV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted. That if at any Time or Times it shall be found Expence ofaltcr-

necessary to raise, fink, or any otherwise alter the Postion of any of the Pipes or Plugs laid down or placed

by any of the Companies who furnish the Inhabitants within the Limi:s aforesaid with Water, or any of the commissiona*.

Leaden or other Pipes belonging to any of the said Water-companies, or to any other Person or Persons,

which, for the Purposes of conveying Water into any House, Area, or other Place, have been or shall be

laid into or from any such Pipe or Pipes, or to remove or place the Grates over any^of the common Sewers

for the Purpose of new paving or altering the Pavement of any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts,

Yards, Mewfes, Alleys, railages, or Places ; the Expence thereof shall, from Time to Time be paid out

of the Money arising or to arise by virtue of this Act ; and shall always be done with as little Detriment

and Inconvenience to the said respective Companies or Inhabitants as the Circumstances of the Cafe

will admit.

LVI. Provided always. That when and so often as any Part of the Pavements of the said Squares, replaced at

Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewfes, Aileys, Passages, or Places, shall betaken up by any Person or Pr°Pri~

Persons for the Purposes of placing, altering, or amending any such Pipe ; the fame shall, with all conve- of repair!"

nient Speed, be repaired by the Pavior or Paviors contrafting with or employed by the said Commissioners, jn& Pavements,

or under the Direction of their Surveyor or Surveyors, at the Expence of the Proprieior or Proprietors of

the said Leaden or other Pipes respectively, if such Pipe is replaced, altered, or amended, at the Request

of such Proprietor, and not otherwise.

LVII. Provided also. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, from Time to Commissioner*

Time, to compound and agree with any of the said Proprietors for a certain Sum of Money by the Foot or

other Measure, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, in lieu and stead of their laying down and a

repairing such Parts of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewfes, Alleys, railages, or

Places, as shall be necessary to be taken up for the rurposes aforesaid*

LVIII. c And whereas it is apprehended, that if the Inhabitants of particular Squares, Streets, and

c Places, within the Limits aforesaid, or others, would raise such competent Sum and Sums of Money as ^

4 would be sufficient to now pave such particular Square, Street, or Place, under the Direction of the ^uarc>

4 Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, it would be a Means of greatly forwarding the several

4 Improvements intended to be made by this Act be it therefore further enacted by the Authority afore-

said, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Inhabitants of any particular Square, Street, and Place,

within the Limits aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to raise, from Time to Time,

such competent Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to new pave such particular Square, Street,

or Place $ which Sum and Sums of Money, when so raised, shall be paid to such Commissioners, or to their

Treasurer or Treasurers for the-Time being, or to such other Person or Persons as such Commissioners, or

any Seven or rtiore of them, shall direct and appoint to receive the same, and for which such Person and

Persons so advancing any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be Creditors ; and the Principal and Interest

shall be charged and chargeable upon the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be made, laid, and Monies so mise*

a Hefted upon such particular Squares, Streets, or Places for that Purpose, by virtue and in purfu^nce of charged upon the

this Act ; and which Money^ when so paid and received, shall be depoftted in the Bank of E?jglandy and

thence issued and applied by such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for new paving such par- ut • 4

ticular Square, Street, or Place ; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any

Seven or more of them, to agree to pay and allow legal or lower Interest Half-yearly to nnv Person or Persons

who shall raise any such Sum or Sums of Money, to commence from the Time that such Sum or Sums of

Money shall be received by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or their Treasurer or

Treasurers, or any other rerfon or Persons so by the said Commissioners appointed to receive the same in

Manner aforesaid.

LIX. And, in order to enable the said Commissioners so to do, be it further enacted by the Authority Cl>mni^|0nfrt

aforesaid. That from and after the Time that such competent Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid and re-1» ir.akc Rare

ceived for that Purpose, in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,to ,cPaythe

or any Seven or more of them, yearly and every Year, or oftener if Occasion shall require, to make, lay, neX 10 aiivance,*»

and afiefs, One or more Rate or Rates, Assessment or AUcflments, upon all and every Person and Persons

who door shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, noflefs, or enjoy any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Waic-

house, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement^ or Hereditament, in any such Square,

"Street, or Place, within the Limits aforesaid, for railing such competent Sum and Sums of Money as the

said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall in their Discretion judge necessary for and towards

repaying the Money so raised and received, together with legal or lower Iiucicil for the fame; which said

Vol. X. 4 X Rate

