A.D. iy6g. Anno nono Georgii III. C. 13. 529

Charles Maynard, John Cooper, Thomas Whitf ord, Joseph Clare, John Dtiffin, Edward Aldridge, and 7/7-

L/w Smithy Gentlemen, Inhabitants and Householders of the said Liberty of <SV?.7i/ Men tin Ce Grand, and

their Successors, to beelefled and appointed in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby

appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution fill the Powers and Authorities in and by t^his Act gi-

ven and granted.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person (other than the said Dean, High Steward, Deputyf;on Gf

Steward, and Headboroughs and Justices) shall be capable of adding as a Commissioner in the Execution *--n uuiiijncii,

of this Act, itnIds he shall be in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, in the adhial Possession, En-

joyment, or Receipt, of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear

yearly Value of Twenty Pounds: or possessed of a Personal Kit ate to the Amount or Value of Five

hundred Pounds: And if any Person hereby deemed unqualified or incapable to ail, Hull nevertheless

presume to act, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, every such Person shall, for every such Offence,

ierfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall lue for the fame; to be

recovered in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at ll'efimirjhr, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe,

wherein no Eitbin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed ;

nd the Person lo lued shall nrove that he was so qualified at the Time of his adiing as a Commissioner, or

otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Proftcutor,

than ti»at such Person hath adlcd as a Commissioner in the Execution of this AdL

III. Provided always. That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution C'omm'frior?

of this Act, duiing the Time he shall hold any Office under the said Commissioners, or during the Time”0*10

he shall enter into, be engaged in, or have the Benefit of, any Contract, or any Share or Interest in any ^ 01 l'lwfK#

Contract relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of this act. "

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Five Tim? 3na ph<*

or more cf them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to meet at the Court-house of Fin* Meet ing

on the Day Fortnight next after the passing of this Act, and to proceed to the Execution of t#»is Ad;

and may then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves, and meet at the Place aforesaid, n

or at such other Place or Places within the said Liberty of Saint Martin le Gready as often as they the

Lid Commissioners, or any F ive or more of them, shall think proper or convenient for putting this Act

in Execution; and the said Commissioners at all their Meetings shall bear their own Expences. '

V. Provided always. That Two Commissioners shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only: And How Meetfnn

ifatany Time Two Commissioners shall not meet, then the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall and may l‘111 bcaJjoum*

adjourn any such Meeting; but no Adjournment of any Meeting whatsoever lhr.ll be made for any longerClJ*

bpacc of l ime than Twenty-eight Days: And in case it shall happen that either the Commissioners or

their Cleik shall refuse or neglect to make any Adjournment, or shall make an Adjournment for any

Ksnger Space of Time than 'Twenty-eight Days, that then, and in either of the Cafes aforesaid, any

the or more of the said Commissioners shall and may, by publick Notice in Writing under their Hands,

to be affixed upon the Door of the Court-house for the said Liberty, appoint the said Commissioners

to meet at the Place where the lull Meeting was held, or at any other House or Place within the said

Liberty, at any Time not less than Three Days, nor more than Six Days next after any such Notice or

Notices shall be given as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and

may meet accordingly at the Lime and Place mentioned in the said Notice, and proceed to the Execution

or this Act.

VI. And, for continuing a sufficient Number of Commissioners to carry this A61 into Execution, be it Mstbed cf rJcfc-

further cnabted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitant House-holders of the said Liberty, who ,n£ Curmmilid-

have paid up their Rates to the 'Michaelmas then preceding, arc hereby authorised and required to meet atner5‘

the Court-house lor the said Liberty upon Saint Thomas's Day, and so in every succeeding Year; at which

Time, the Clerk to tha laid Commissioners shall write the Names of such of the Commissioners who

shall be then living (except the Names of the said Dean, High Steward, Deputy Steward, Headborough%

and Justices) on di iin6t Pieces of Paper or Parchment, of equal Size and Colour, ana roll up the fame

Epararev, and as near as may be in the same Manner, and shall then put them into a Box or Glass,

hom whence some indifferent Person shall draw out Four of the said Rolls, or such Number as shall re-

duce the whole Number of Rolls contained in the said Box or Glai's to Four, and the Names of the said

Commissioners so drawm shall then be read aloud by the said Clerk; and such Commissioners, whole

Names lffidl be so drawn, shall then go out of Office, except they shall be re-elected by the said Inhabi-

tants; who arc immediately to proceed to elect Four Persons, being Inhabitant Householders within the

hid Liberty, in order to make up the Number of Eight Commissioners, exclusive of the said Dean, High

Steward, Deputy Steward, Headboroughs, and Tultices; and the Commissioners so to be eleited shall

be j 1 with the remaining Commissioners, and shall have the famePow'er and Authority w ith them to act

in :r.:- Lxecuti n of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Commissioners (rx- Forcboofinf mw

cept as before excepted) shall die, or shall be disabled from acting as a Commissioner by virtue of this Con,m‘lIioiitr5#

Ad, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any Five or more of

them, alien doled at the next Meeting which shall be held by virtue of this Act, to el:ct and appoint

One or rrmre Commissioner or Commissioners, qualified as aforesaid, in the Room ol such Commissioner

or Commissioners dying or disabled to act as aforesaid; and such Commissioner or Commissioners, so

Vol. X. / Yy, - ckctU

