14 C. 9; Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

For every Attachment six Pence.

For every Execution six Pence.

For every Warrant of Commitment for an Insult or Misbehaviour in the Court, or to the Commissioners*

Cleric, or Officers of the Court, one Shilling.

To the Serjeants.

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, if within either of the Towns of Chippenham,

Caine, or Corjham, and attending,the Court with the Return thereof, six Pence; if out of either of the

said Towns, three Pence more for every ABle. '

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court one Penny. . j

For executing every Attachment, Execution, or Warrant, against the Body or Goods, one Shilling; if out

of Town three Pence more for every Mile.

For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delinquent to Prison, six Pence more for every Mile.

Table thereof A Table of which Fees shall, from time to time, be hung tip by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, in

theCourt-^house! fotne conspicuous Part or Parts of the said Court-house or Court-houses, Place or Places, where the said

Commissioners shall meet, so that all Persons concerned may fee and examine the fame.

Penalty on tak- XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Clerks or Serjeants of

ing greater Fees. the Court, for the time being, shall take or demand any greater or other Fees or Rewards than what

are herein before-mentioned for his or their Service in the Execution of this Act, he and they shall, for

every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine (not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, nor less than ten

Shillings) as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, {hall affels and impute, to be applied to

the Use of the Poor of the Town or Parish where the Offence shall be committed.

-Clerks and Ser- XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat if any of the said Clerks or Serjeants

jeants maybe ,fljall be guilty of any Misbehaviour, either by Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than

djQ>aced. before-mentioned, or otherwise in the Execution of their respective Offices, that then, upon Complaint and

due Proof thereof made upon Oath in open Court, the said Commissioners then fitting are hereby directed

and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to he summoned, by an Advertisement to be

inserted in some public News Paper, to meet at a convenient Time and Place; and the Commissioners then

present, not being less than eleven in Number, shall and may examine and consider the Merits of such

Complaint; and if it shall appear to such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that any of the Clerks

or Serjeants have been guilty of such Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty as aforesaid in his Office, it shall and

-may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then assembled, to dismiss or

remove such Clerk or Serjeant from his said Office, and to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person to

exercise the said Office of Clerk or Serjeant, in the Room and Place of him so difiniffed and removed as

aforesaid.

NoCommlflion- XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commissioner of the said

er, &c. toast Court for the time being shall be Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Per-

*hereinter cd. son not capat>le of a£ling as Commissioner, in the hearing and determining such Cause, or making

any Order, Decree, or Judgement therein; but after being heard in the said Cause, shall withdraw from the

said Court until the fame is finally determined: And if the Cietk or Serjeant of the said Court for the

time being shall be a Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Clerk or Ser-

jeant shall not exercise his said Office in the said Cause, or in any Thing relating thereto; but the said. Court-

missioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at such Court, shall and may depute and appoint ano-

ther Person to exercise the said Office of Clerk or Serjeant respetStively in all Things relative to such

Cause.

XXIII. And, for the better enforcing the Orders and Decrees from time to time to be made by

the said Commissioners, and that the Commissioners and the Clerks and Officers of the said Court may be

inverted with proper Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse, be it ena(Sled by

the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall affront, insult, or abuse all or any of the Com-

missioners, Clerks, or Officers of the said Court for the time being, during their fitting in the said Court, or

in going to, or returning from the lame, or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court, or at any Time

shall affront, insult, or abuse, hinder, or obstrudl, or attempt or threaten to hinder or ol>stru<Sl, any of the

Clerks or Serjeants in the lawful Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices, it shall and may be

lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them then fitting, or if not then fitting, at

the next Court to be held in the fame Hundred or Lordship where such Insult or Misdemeanor shall he com-

mitted, to cause a Warrant to be issued by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, or his or their Deputy

or Deputies, diredling such Serjeant or Serjeants to apprehend and take, or cause such Person or Persons

so offending as aforesaid to be apprehended and taken, before one or more of his Majesty’s Jurtice or Justices

of the Peace for the said County of Wilts; and upon the Fa<fl alleged being proved by the Oath of one or

more credible Witness or Witnesses, the find Jurtice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and directed to

punish such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid by Fine, not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings,

nor less than five Shillings, which shall be immediately paid into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices

before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and be paid and applied in like Manner as

the Fines herein before mentioned are direeled to be applied: And if the said Offender or Offenders shall not

pay the said Fine in Manner aforesaid, it flnll and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices, by

c Warrant

Penalty on in-

sulting the

Court*

