496 C. 32.

Anno odavo Georgii III.

A.D. i?68.

Etcififi within 1 be paid, unto the Receiver-general of his Majesty’s Duties of Excise, the Sum of One thousand eight

towards the^* ^un^re“ Pounds, for and towards the Expence of pulling down the said College and the building an Excise

Charge of pul- Office there ; and the Receipt of such Receiver-general shall be a sufficient Discharge for the fame.

ling down the College, and building aa Excise Office.

VIII. 4 And whereas it may be found necessary for the more commodious building the said Office, or for

4 rendering the fame more convenient and proper by any future Buildings to be added thereto, that a Power

4 be veiled in the Commissioners* of His Majesty’s Treasury for the purchasing Linds or Tenements for

r«ifons poflfcfTid, * those Purposes be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it thall and may be lawful to

&Y. 01 such and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Trustees, Mortgagees, and Feoitees in Trust,

Lands or Guardians Gf Infants, and Committees of Lunaticks, and Ideots, Executors, and Administrators what-

bargain and sell the same to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury

more commodi- now being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty’s

r'ed iTiell amd^" Treasury for the Time bein£, or any Three or more of them, shall, by Writing under his or their Hands,

convey the fameaPPoint to contract for the Purchase thereof, for the Purpose aforesaid ; and such Lands or Tenements so

for that Purpofl’j to be purchased, shall be conveyed to His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, by Deed or Deeds to be in-

and after Con- rolled in His Majesty’s Court of King's Bench ; and when so purchased, shall be, and be deemed to be,

veuncc a ‘ ’ .....

ro.lment

t)c«;d of 5

idt^a the" * w legiate, or other Persons aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes ; any Law, Sta-

Crownunaliena. tute, or Usage, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding : And all and every Sum

kIe* and Sums of Money which shall be paid to or for the Use of such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate,

Money paid for or other Person or Persons aforesaid, for the Purchafeof ahy Lands or Tenements for the Purposes of this

l^d out Cin°other Act, shall be rcfoeftively laid out, and inverted in, the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Heredi-

Porchaf and caments, which (nail be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to, such Titles, Uses, Trusts, Limi-

to be fetilea to tations. Remainders, and Contingencies, as the Lands *nd Tenements fold for the Purpose of this Act

the fame Ufa 5 were settled, limited, and allured, at the Time of such Sale, and shall be held and enjoyed accordingly ;

and till that can a^d until such Purchase-money shall be re-invcfled in Lands as aforesaid, the fame shall be laid out in the

be done, to be Purchafeof Stocks in some of the Publick Funds, or placed out on Government or Real Securities, at

]<«id out in feme Interest ; and such Interest shall be paid to and for the Use of such Person or Persons as would have been

Funde^Ubl C,C *ntlt^ to t^ie Rents and Profits of the Lands and Tenements so fold for the Purposes of this Act, as

uc * aforesaid.

All Acts, Gfc. JX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,* That when the Excise Office shall be built

drroffice when at Gresham College aforesaid, and the said Office shall be kept and held there, the fame fh all be called The

buLt Kxcise Office \ and that all and every Act and Acts, Thing and Things, Matters and Concerns, made,

College deemed done, arid executed there, for the Receipt and Management of His Majesty’s Duties of Excise, shall be and

»* valid as if done are hereby declared to be as good and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as such Act or Acts,

m Matters, Things, or Concerns, would have been, had the fame been made, done, and executed, at the said

Office of Excile in the Oldjetvry, had this Act never been made.

X. Saving always, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and all and every

Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate (other than and except the Mayor and Commonalty and

Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Myllcrv of Mercers of the

City of London, and all Persons claiming by, from and under them) all such Estate, Title, and In-

terest, in, to, and out of, the said College, Ground, andTremifes herein before mentioned, or any Part

the Old JiXOry.

Jlcfervation of

Rights.

thereof, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made.

XI. 4 And whereas in and by the said last Will and Tcftamcm of the said Sir nomas

Grejhi

am.

, the

Mayer Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the

Mystery of Miners of the City of London, were directed to permit and suffer the Seven Persons elected

4 and appointed to read the Seven Lectures in the said Will mentioned, to have the Occupation of all the

* Manhon-house, Gardens, and other Appurtenances (now called Grefnam College) for them, and every of

4 them, there to inhabit, study, and daily to read the several Lectures : And whereas in and by the said

4 Will it is directed, that no Person chosen to read any of the said Lectures should be fuffbred to read any

4 of the said Lectures after that he should be married, nor fhou’d receive any Pec or Stipend appointed for

4 the reading of the said Lectures : And whereas in pursuance of this Act the said College will be pulled

4 down and taken away, and the Collegiate Life of the said Lecturers, intended by the said Sir Thomas

4 Gresham, will, by the pulling down of the said College, be put an end to ;’ be it enacted by the Autho-

rity aforesaid. That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

L-^ures Seven Lefturers, or their Succcllbrs, or any of them, to marry, notwithstanding any Rcstriction contained

ward*, uotwi.h-in the said Will; and each and every of th: laid Lefturers, and their Surceilbrs, fhilJ, not.vi: istanding

iUndin* any their being married, be suffered to read their said several Lectures after they shall be married, and shall be

Rest rid Ion or intitled to receive the Fee or Stipend appointed for the reading of their said several Lectures ; and the

Mayor Commonalty and Ckizens, of the said City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the

* The Lf&urer*

•urhonied to

Limitvion in

Sir Tly.mot

Grtjbami Will.

Paid

