A.D. 1767*

Anno icptimo Georgii III.

SCHEDULE

Rcglfler of the Apprentices placed ouf by the Parish of

to the 31ft Day of December

of the second and seventh of his Majesty King George the Third.

C. 4®* 3*7

E

from the

of

according to the Acts of Parliament

Name of the Apprentice. When born or received. If born in the Workhouse or Parish-house, B. Age when re- ceived, in Year*, Months and Days. - When placed out Appren- tice. Name of the Person to whom p faced out* What Trade or Business. Where liv- ing, Street, Sign, or other Di- ftindtion. Age when placed out, in Years, andMonths. For what Time placed out. Apprentice Fee paid do* a. When the additional Fee it paid down,

Y. M. L). 1 Y. M.

CAP. XL

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in Amended by

being for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom and for other Purposes therein Le^oVo!^

mentioned. c. 4*.

WHEREAS the Laws for the general Regulation of the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom are Preamble*

VV very numerous, and in some Respects ineffectual: And whereas the good Purposes thereby in-

€ tended might be better effected, if the said Laws were intirely repealed, and one Law made for carrying

€ such Purposes into Execution Wherefore, for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the AJvice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and Fiveormor*

may be lawful to and for all Commissioners and Trustees appointed, or who shall hereafter be appointed, Trurteesfor

by any A<£t or Acts of Parliament for the Repair of any Turnpike Road within that Part of Great Britain Turnpike

called England^ or any five or more of them, at a General Meeting, if they shall think proper, at any or

si many Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, as they have eretted or shall crest for the receiving of any Toll or "^0*^ to*

Tolls, or upon any Part of the Road within their respective Jurisdictions, and at such a Difiance from any ered Weighing.

Turnpike-bar or Toll-gate as they respectively shall think requisite and expedient, to order and cause to Engines

be built or erected any Crane, Machine, or Lngine, which they shall judgeproper for the weighing of *nd*° make or*

Uarts, Waggons, or other Carriages, for the conveying of any Goods or Merchandize whatever; and cVrrur/thercf

by Writing hgned by them, or any five or more of them, to order all and every or any such Carriage or at. and taking

Carriages, which shall pass through any such Gate or Bar, to be weighed, together with the Loading 20V additiooak

thereof; and for them, or any five or more of them, or for any Person or Persons impowered by any five Tolls ter »il

or more of them, to receive and take, over and above the Toll already granted or hereafter to be granted, ^hcttanjlr

the Sum of twenty Shillings for every hundred Weight which every Waggon or Four Wheeled Carriage weiph^nj

(not having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of nine Inches) together with above-60c. \vt.

the Loading thereof, shall weigh over and above the Weight of sixty hundred; and the like Sum of twenty ana fur ail Broad

Shillings for every hundred Weight which every Waggon or Four Wheel Carii.ige, having the Sole or Four Warded

bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gage of nine Inches, together with the Loading

thereof, shall weigh over and above the Weight of fix Tons; and the like Sum of twenty Shillings for for

every hundred Weight which every Cart or Two Wheeled Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the u c\ms,ori *0

Kellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or G^gc of nine Inches, together w:th the Loading thereof, (hull Wkecied c<r-

weigh over anJ.above the Weight of three I ons: Which laid additionll Toll or Duty, hereby granted tn

anil made pavabie, shall and m ty be LvieJ and recovered upon any Person liable thereto in any of the

CaiVs aforesaid, or his or her Goods or Chattier, who Hull, after Demand made thereof, refute or neglect 3 Tons ^tob#

so p *v the fame, in such Manner as any other Toll or Duty, payable at the fame Turnpike-gate or Bar, levied a* the

is or fhn.ll be by Law to be levied and recovered; and the Money anting from such additional Duty, shall be oiler Tolls an*

appikd to the Repair of the Turnpike Road where the fame shall be collected. applied m Rc-

s II. Provided

