A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 39J 81-

the fame Package therewith, whether the fame shall be (hipt or laden, or not j and shall and may be

kized and prosecuted by any Officer of his Majesty’s Customs. v

HI. And it is further enacted. That the Isle of Man shall be added to, and included in, the Bond which ifcofMantobe

is now by Law required to be given, that such Goods shall be duly exported, and not relanded again in Included in the

any Part of Great Britain. Bond tob€

9 on Eipartition

of such Goods from Great Britain.

IV. And it is hereby further enaSed by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of No Fortin

TWy, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Strong Waters, or Brandy or s>rit«

Spirits whatsoever, shall be imported or carried into the Isle of Man, but such only as shall be bona fide* inro'hTuidiflc,

and without Fraud, laden and (nipt in Great Britain, and carried thither directly from thence, upon the bwt from Great*

Forfeiture of such Goods, or the Value thereof, together with the Ship or Veftel in which they shall be Britaindireflly 1

imported or carried, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, to be leized and ™ Forfeimreor

prosecuted as is hereafter directed. Vrfl£l0<><*S

V. And it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Spirits (hippedin

Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Rum, or other Spirits, shall be shipped America to be

or laden onboard any Ship or Veftel in any British Colony or Plantation in America* but on condition condifion<?d ?ot

that the fame shall not be carried to, or landed in, the Isle of Man* under the like Securities, Penalties, th^1 n*ofr•

and Forfeitures, as are prescribed and mentioned in two A<Sls of Parliament made in the twelfth and Underth°ePenii*

twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, the former intituled, 4 An Act for the tie* of Aits

4 encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation,' and the latter intituled, 4 An Act for the En- i»Car. i.c. 18*

4 couragcment of the Greenland and EaJtland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade,’ or l5 Car* *•c- 7*

either of them, with respect to the Goods in those Acts particularly enumerated ; any Law, Custom, or

Usage, to the contrary not with (landing.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first: Day of No foreign Spi-

Ji*ne, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Strong Waters, or nty°

Spirits whatsoever, shall be exported from the Isle of Man* or carried Coastwise from one Part of the said

Iste to another, in any Ship or Veftel of less Burthen than one hundred Tons; nor in any Vefltl or Cask ccifhtifc in

tinder sixty Gallons (except only for the Use of Seamen then belonging to, and onboard, such Ship or Calks under

Veftel, not exceeding two Gallons for each Seaman) nor shall any Wine be imported into, or exported 6° Gallon*5

from, the said Island, or carried Coastwise from one Part of the said Island to another, in any Veftel of ?r WlB4*to

Calk that shall contain less than twenty-five Gallons, nor in any Ship or Veftel of less Burthen than one JJJK

hundred Tons, upon Forfeiture of all such Goods, together with the Ship or Veftel, and all her Tackle, ried Ceiftwife,

Furniture, and Apparel, to be seized and prosecuted as herein after is directed. in Cadet under

25 GalUns, and

in Ships not left than zoo Tons $ on Forfeiture of the Ship and Good*.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July*Vtfc\% found

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, where any Ship or Veftel whatsoever, having on board any hovrring on the

Goods, which, by this or any other Act of Parliament passed in Great Britain, are made liable to For- Coart, *c. with

feiture for being brought or imported into, or exported from, or carried Coastwise in the Isle of Alan ; or ^nhoard^jG*oU*

where any Ship or Veftel arriving from Great Britain* having on board any Goods prohibited to be °n °ar 9

exported from thence into the Isle of Man* shall be found in any Bay, Harbour, River, or Creek, of or

belonging to the said Isle of Man* or at Anchor 5 or hovering within three Leagues of the Shores thereof ;

or shall be discovered so to have been (unless in case of unavoidable Neceftity and Distress of Weather,

of which Neceftity and Distress, the Matter, Purser, or Person, having or taking the Charge or Command

of such Shm or Veftel, shall, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship or Veftel into any Bay, Harbour,

River, or Creek, of or belonging to the said Isle of Man* give Notice and make Proof of before the Col-

lector or other Chief Officer of the Customs resident at the nearest Port in the said Island) all such Goods, areliable to For-

together with the Ship or Veftel in which the fame shall be found, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, (eitLre, together

Ammunition, and Apparel, shall be deemed and taken to be forfeited within the Intent and Meaning of with the Goodt.

this and such other Acts, whether Bulk shall then have been broken or not, and shall and may be feizcJ

by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June, Vo t,e

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Brandy, Rum, Strong Waters, or Spirits, of any Kmd impute 1 mm

whatsoever, shall be brought or imported from the Isle of Man into Great Britain* or Ireland* upon any Great Brush

Pretence whatsoever 5 and where any Ship or Veflet coming or arriving from the fai l Ijh :f ALn* and from lllc

having on board any such Brandy, Rum, Strong Waters, or Spirits (except only for the L ie oVthe Seamen

then belonging to and on board such Ship or Veftel, not exceeding two Gallons for each Seaman) or

any other Go<hJs or Commodities which are prohibited to be imported from thence into Great Britain or with or

Ireland, shall be found at Anchor, or hovering within the Limits of any of the Porrs of Great Britain p chii»r-*

or Ireland, or within three Leagues of the Shores thereof, or shall he dilcovcred (b to have lv?en, an J not '*'* f<Vind

proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable Ncccfii'y and viic

IDiftrcfs of Weather; of which Necc(fity and Distress, the Matter, Purser, or orher Person having or

tak ing the Charge or Command of such Ship or Veftel, shall give Notice to, and make Pi oof of, before

the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of such Port as aforesaid, (iinmeliatdv afc*r the

Arrival of such Ship or Vcfld into the said Port) all such Goods, together with the Ship or Veftel in

VoL. X. M which

