640 C. 42.

Anno nono Georgii III.

A.D. 1769.

and Krrfcitnrf of a]]ow’d; and shall also forfeit his Office, and shall be rendered incapable of having, receiving, or holding,

h C> ^ Office for the future, or any o,her Place or Office of Trust, Civil or Military, under the Government.

tiled. !nca?JC1’ XLVTL And be it enacted, That in all Counties, Riding?, and Places, where the Militia has not been

Where the Mili-raif d, his Majesty’s Lieutenant for every such County and Place, together with any Tv.o or more De-

tia i>as not been puty Lieutenants; and on the Removal, or, in the Absence of His Majesty’s LLutenanr, any Three or

ivite',a":Ani:l,jI more Deputy Lieutenants, shall meet at foine City or principal Town of the County or Place for which

he'Tot" Lic'ue.e t^ey shall be commissioned, on the Second Turfday in March in every Year; and if there should happen

mntsan.; Dtpu* to be no such Meeting on that Day, then His Majesty’s fair] Lieutenant, or, on his Death or Removal, or

ty Lieutenants in his Absence, any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants, shall and may, from Time to Time, as may be

cn the 2d Tucf- necessary and requifire for carrying this Act into Execution, or any of the Purposes hereof, summon, or

«nd on Deh'ukof cau^c to be summoned, a General Meeting, to be holden at the fame City or principal Town on a Day to

fuchVtK, a be fixed by such Summons; of which Day and Place Notice shall be given in some Weekly Paper usually

(icner-i McsVing circulated (if any such there be) within the same County or Place, Seven Days at least before the holding

a to be summon-of such Meeting.

c<i for carrying thi< A a into Execution.

ih^R^Ma6 XLVIIL And be it further enacted, That if any Person actually serving in any of His Majesty’sRe-

Fmces, of^rine gubar Forces, shall offer himself to serve, and be inrolled as a Subffitute in any Regiment or Battalion of

to serve anHbe8 Militia; or if any Person actually inrolled and serving in any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, shall offer

inro ied ?s Sub- himself to serve, and be inrolled as a Subffitute in any other Regiment or Battalion of Militia; then every

/States in thfe such person so offending shall, for every such Offence, or Proof thereof upon Oath before any Justice of the

p'1113 ’ a, Y[ . Peace of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, forfeit and pay, to any Person who

and Irving in will inform or sue for the same, the Sum of Ten Pounds; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Often-

theM.iitia, of- der’s Goods ard Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus

fering to fetve or f if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Offender upon whom such

be inrolled as L)iftrels shall have been made; and where the Goods and Chattels of such Offender shall not be sufficient

iiothelc ”ps”for-to an^wer such Distress, such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the

fcii id. and Vor County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding Three Months*.

■want of Distress may be c< mmiued.

This Act net to XLIX. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall in any wise extend to annul, or

^uJuance ma^e v°id, any Thing already done in pursuance of the former Acts, relating to the Militia Forces, or

onc ,npur uanccary of them; or to prevent the com pleating any Proceedings already commenced in pursuance of the

Lid Acts.

L.

of the foimcr

Acts, 8cc.

Limitation of

Actions.

General Issue.

Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Suit or Suits, Action or Actions, shall be brought

or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Action or

Actions, Suit or Suits, (nail be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fast committed, and

not afterwards; and shall be laid in the County where such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, did arise,

and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Suit or Suits, Action or Actions, to be

brought, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence: And if

the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in such Suit or Suits. Action or Actions; or if the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Suit or Suits, Action or Actions, after

the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against

Treble Costs. the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like

Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes to recover Costs by

Law.

Form of the Re- LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Part of the Return whkh gives an

trefent ^the* Account of Number of Officers present during the Time of Exercise shall be in the Form following s

Timcof Exercise.

(to wit,)

Colonel-----

Lieutenant Colonel-

M-ijor-----

Firit Captain-----

Second Captain-----

Third Captain-----

Fourth Captain —

Fifth Captain--- —

Sixth Captain-----

Seventh Captain-

Eighth Captain-----

Ninth Captain-----—

Tenth Captain-----

Captain Lieutenant-

First Lieutenant--

Second Lieutenant-

Third Lieutenant—

N° of Days.

Fourth Lieutenant-

Fifth Lieutenant-

Sixth Lieutenant-

Seventh Lieutenant-

Eighth Lieutenant-

Ninth Lieutenant—

Tenth Lieutenant*—

First Ensign-----

Second Enfign——

Third Ensign-----

Fourth Erfign -----

Fifth Enfign—

Sixth Ensign —

Seventh Ensign

E’ghch Enfign—-

Ninth Ensign---

Tenth Enfign—-

N° of Days.

LIL ‘And

