676 C. 20*, 2r. 'Anno decimo Georgii FIT. A. D. 1776.

Proof tote made

el Notice.

Defendant may

pay Monty into

Court.

No Evidence, but

what contained

in Notice.

L'm tation of

Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Cofti.

Publick Act.

di& for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper, which he or she shall recover, together

with his or her Costs of Suit.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no such Plaintiff shall recover any Verdict against such Com-

missioner in any Cafe, where the Action shall be grounded on any AS of the Defendant as a Commissioners

unless it is proved upon the Trial of such Action, that such Notice was given as aforesaid ; but in De-

fault thereof, such Commissioner shall recover a Verdict and Costs as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the AuthorLy aforesaid. That in case such Commissioner shall ne-

gleS to tender any Amends, or shall have tendered inefficient Amends, before the ASion brought, it {halt

and may be lawful for him, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any 7 irne before

Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall fee fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Orders,

and Judgments shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defen-

dant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXIX. And be it further enacted. That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff, on

the Trial of any such Action as foresaid, of any Cause of Action, except such as is contained in the Notice

hereby directed to be given.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Action or Suit shall be

brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in

pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months

next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards ; and the Defendant or Defendants shall and may plead

the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon;

and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her. or their Action or Suit;

or if upon Verdict or Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defen-

dant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble such Costs as are usually taxed and allowed between

Party and Party, and have such Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in

any other Cafes by Law.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged,

and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices,

other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXL

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Parishes of

Poulton, Kirkham, Lytham, and Bifpham, and Town ships of Prcefall and Stalmine, in the

County Palatine of Lancajter.

preamble. • c tT 7 HERE AS many Persons residing, tradings or dealing, within the Parishes of Poulton, Kirkham,

* VV Lytham, and Bifpham, and Townships of Precfall and Stalmine, in the County Palatine of Lan-

* caster, frequently con trad Small Debts, and although they are well able, refuse to pay the fame, pre-

1 fuming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under by the present Forms of Law : and as an easy and

c speedy Method of recovering Small Debts, within the said Parishes and Townships, will greatly con-

‘ tribute to promoteInduftry, and support and encourage useful Credit therein: May it therefore please

c Your Majesty. that it may be enacted ; and* be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Naimes. 100Cr* Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That Jonathan Singleton, Richard Pollard, Joseph

Webjler, William Harrison, John HudJon, Richard Walker, Thomas Briggs, George Hodgson, William Wild,

Robert Bickerjlajf, Thomas Whitefide, Samuel Lomas, Samuel Bailey, William Smithjon, William Dixfon,

Paul Harrison, Richard Warbrick, Thomas Threlfall, Henry Carter, John Carter, Robert Fiflnuick, Eduard

Smith, Robert Maccalla, Piugb Snape, Richard Bibby, Andrew Snap, James Bifbrown, Richard Singleton,

Richard Smithjon, Richard Dujhurjly John Windres, George Parkinson, Richard Harrison the elder, Richard

Harrison the younger, James Swarlricky William Parkirfon, Thomas Threlfall, John Hornby, William

Hornby, Thomas HuUy Thomas Wilkinson, George Lewtas, John Threlfall, Henry Wilkinson, William Cook-

Jon, William Threlfall, George Gratrix, Thomas Foden, William Bsucher, John Forjhaw, William Bonny,

William Hodgfony John Jolly, Richard Hodgjon, Thomas Broadbclt, G< orge Rfeall, John Ganthery Eduard

Hull, John Hull, John Hull the younger, John Webjler, Richard With am, William Bennet, John War-

bricky John Butcher the younger, William Butcher, John Salthouse, William Butcher of Bifham, Thomas

Hull of Haddlehouse, John Singleton, Joseph Smith, James Smith. Humphrey Smith, Thomas Any on, William

Shepherd, Hugh Hornby, Thomas Langton, Cuthbert Bradkirk, Thomas Hankinfcn,John Swan, J ims Briars,

William Thompson, Adam Coston, Jamrs Miller, Thomas Birlev, Joseph Hornby, John Birley, Henry Laurfon,

James Lazifon, Richard Cockin, William Park, William Birley, James Crockall, Richard Bluckciv, Rotert

Freckleton, Thomas Cowburn, William Dobson, Richard Hornby, and Thomas Birch, shall be, and they are

hereby declared, constituted, and appointed Commissioners, to hear and determine all such causes and

Matters of Debt as arc herein after mentioned ; and such Commissioners and their Successors, are hereby

fltilcoftheComt. constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name and Stile of The Court of Reque/ls for the Paiijhes of Poulton,

Kirkham, Lytham, and Bifpham, and Townships ^/"Preefall and Stalmine, in the County Palatine of Lan-

caster; and they the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby au-

Court to be held impowered and required, to meet, assemble, and hold the Court in each of the said Parishes of

vcckJy. Poulton and Kirkham, Once in every Week at the Icaft, to wit, on ev.iry Monday at Poult, n, and on every

Thursday at Kirkham, and ofeener if there shall be Occasion, in a Court-house, or feme convenient Place

1 to

