436 C. 54, 55.

Anno feptimo Georgii III.

A. D. 1767.

shall grant or convey, under the Seal of the said Corporation, the Lands so sold to the respective PoTcha-

fers thereof, freed and discharged of and from all Rates and Taxes which, at any Time before stich Sale,

shall have been rated or charged upon the said Lands, by virtue of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twen-

tieth Years of King Charles the Second, or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force relating

to the said Great Level; and every such Grant or Conveyance shall be valid and effectual, to all Intents

and Purposes, as if such Lands had been fold so.r Nonpayment of Taxes, pursuant to the said Acts of the

the fifteenth and twentieth Years of King Charles the Second.

Not to discharge L. Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

Trifled Lands impower the said Corporation to discharge the said Invested Lands, or any Part thereof, from any Rates or

sTh T*e,after Taxes which the fame shall, after Sale thereof as aforesaid, be liable to be rated or aftefted with, by virtue

4 of the said Acts of the fifteenth and twentieth of King Charles the Second, or by any other Act or Acts of

Parliament whatsoever, relating to the said Great Level ; but that the said Invested Lands, after they shall

be so fold, shall be liable to be rated and assessed in the same Manner as they were before the making of this

Ad ; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Justices may *d- LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes wherein Jurisdiction is

mimftei Oaths, given to any Justices of the Peace by this Act, it shall be lawfcl for such Justice or Justices to administer

an Oath to any Witness or Witnesses.

LII. And it is hereby further enacted. That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced

or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to be done, in pursuance of this Act*

every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after the Fa<St committed, and shall

be laid or brought in the County of Cambridge, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in

such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General Issue; and if in Replevin, may justify and avow, by

virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do; and may

give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, without specially pleading the same, otherwise than*

as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Fad alledged in such Action or Suit to have

been done, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the fame shall appear to have

been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the

fame, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the

Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants ; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonfuked,.

or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their Suit or Suits ; or if any Verdict shall pass against

him, her, or them, upon a Demurrer, or otherwise; then, in any of the said Cafes, the Defendant or De-

fendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she, or they, shall have like

Remedy as where Costs by Law are awarded.

LIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed to be a Pub-

lick Ad; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby rebuked to take Notice thereof as such*,

without specially pleading the same.

Limitation of

Anions.

Central I flue.

Treble Cofti.

Publick A&•

CAP. LIV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applyingcer-

tain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty ieven;

and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; for carrying to the Ag-

gregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two Sevenths Excise;/or impowering hisMa-

tty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to permit the Importation of any Sort of Corn or Grain,

uty-free, into this Kingdom, for a longer Time than is permitted by any Act of this Session of Par-

liament; and for obviating Doubts in relation to the Meeting of Commissioners for putting in Execu-

tion an Act of this Session, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax. EX r.

CAP. LV.

An Act for further continuing an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend andren»

der more effectual* in his Majestys Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act for punuhing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and

their Quarters. EXP.

CAP*

