664 C. 14, 15,16. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 177a.

be made upon the Tenants or Occupiers of Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within th#

said Town*

frublidc A&. LIH. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and

shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons without speciallf

pleading the same.

CAP. XV.

An Act to continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for amend-

' i»g a*d further continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesiys Reign, intituled*

An Act to amend and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an

Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for puniflfing Mutiny and

Defer tion^ and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Premie. c VT THEREAS by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An

Act 9 Geo. 3. c. do?for amending and further continuing an At1 of the Sixth Tear of his present Majestfs Reign; intitul'df

tS. 4 An Act to amend and render more effectual, in His Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in

4 this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertiony and for the

which w*9 to better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; which Act was to continue and be in Force, in all His

c#j»tinue in Force« Majesty's Dominions in America, from the Twenty-fourth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred

till 24 March < anc| fe/enty, until the Twenty-fourth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one:

17719 4 And whereas it has been found necessary that the said Act should be continued for a farther Term:

4 May it therefore pleale Your Majesty that it may be enacted:* and be it enacted by the King’s

most fcxcellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act

' further continued shall be, and the fame is hereby continued, until the Twenty-fourth Day of Marchy One thousand seven

till 24 March hundred and seventy-two.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve

in Parliament.

Preamble. € WHEREAS the present Mode of Decision upon Petitions, complaining of undue Elections or

'  Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, frequently obstructspublick Business; occasion3

4 much Expence, Trouble, and Delay to the Parties; is defective, for want of those Sanctions and So-

4 lemnitics which are established by Law in other Trials; and is attended with many other Inconvenion-

Session^onC^m1 c*es: For Rcrnecty thereof/ be it enacted by the King’s most: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

- pUinTo/nnducE-v‘ce and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

lea«on,&c.a pie-sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the End of the present Sessions of Parliament,

ciuT.metobefix-whenever a Petition, complaining of an undue Election or Return of a Member or Members to serve in

e4e^of0°s^'Ik*S Pad‘ament* shall he presented to the House of Commons, a Day and Hour shall by the said House be

to'gfve’NoticeCr aPPointed for taking the fame into Consideration; and Notice thereof in Writing shall be forthwith given,

thereof; and or-by the Speaker, to the Petitioners and the Sitting Members, or their respective Agents, accompanied

icr Attendance, with an Order to them to attend the House, at the l ime appointed, by themselves, their Counsel, or

Agents.

hut not within 14 ll. Provided always. That no such Petition shall be taken into Consideration within Fourteen Days

pjys after after the Appointment of the Committee of Privileges.

Ait jintment of Convr.ittee of )>rivilc£es.

House may alter III. Provided also, That the House may alter the Day and Hour so appointed for taking such Petition

the Time, on l.kc into Consideration, and appoint some fublcquent Day and Hour for the fame, as Occasion shall require;

NoticeanoOider. giving to the respective Parties the like Notice of such Alteration, and Order to attend on the said subse-

Ser’cintatArm* 4ucnt DaY an^ Hour, as aforesaid.

beiTr^the ReTd*I IV. And be it further enacted, That at the Time appointed for taking such Petition into Consideration

1 M b Jjutineis of the House; and that after his Return the House lhaJI be counted, and it there be lets than CJne

At InlT'^n, hundred Members present-, the Order for taking such Petition into Consideration shall be immediately

HoTe to tc adjourned to a particular Hour on the following Day (Sunday and Chvijhnas Day always excepted); and

CMint d. the House shall then adjourn to the said Day; and the rroce: dings of all Committees, subsequent to such

Tor wait cf ico Notice from the said Scsjcant, shall be void: And, on the said following Day, the House shall proceed in

to ad* tV‘c ^imc Manner; and l0, from Day to Day, till there be an Attendance ol One hundred Members at the

tbljjebv p-efenr. Biding the Order of the Day, to take such Petition into Confideiatioiu

On Prcicncc of V* And he further enacted, That if after summoning the Members, and counting the House as afore-

100,rctncc0 f id, One hundred Members {hall be found to be present; the Petitioners by themselves, their Council or

the Petitioner?, Agents, and the Council or Agents of the Sitting Members, shall be ordered to attend at the Bar; and

Ac.to greeted then the Door of the House shall be locked, and no Member final I be fullered to enter into or depart from

^theB-r. the House, until the Pc;itioneis, their Council, or Agents, and the Council or Agents lor the Sictin

1 y ’

Members,

