31

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 13.

And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action after the

Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or

Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, Treble Coftt*

and have the like Remedy for the fame, as Defendants have in other Cafes by Law.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for impowering the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts

passed for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within

the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to collect certain l olls on

Sundays* upon the several Roads therein mentioned, and apply the fame for the Pur-

poles of the said Acts.

* TI7 HERE A S an Act was made in the second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, Stat.i Geo. 3.

* V V An Act for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and

4 Liberty of Westminster; the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint

4 George Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew’s Holbourn which lies in the County of

4 Middlesex, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster

4 which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein, and for other Purposes

4 therein mentioned: And whereas an Act was made in the third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

4 to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said former Act: And whereas an Act was made

4 the last Scilion of Parliament, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said two former

4 Acts : And whereas great Progress has been made in executing and performing the several Powers

4 and Authorities in the said Acts contained ; but for want of a sufficient Fund the fame cannot be

4 completed Wherefore, and to the End and Intent that so useful an Undertaking may be effectually

carried into Execution, May it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; And be it enacted by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and a Street Toll to be paV*

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, at the several Turnpike*

That upon and afrer the first Sunday after the passing of this Act, there shall be paid to the Receiver here mentioned, before

or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, to be nominated and appointed as is herein after mentioned,

before any Cattle or Carriages shall be permitted to pass on a Sunday through any or eitlver of the c P€rmiKC 10

Turnpikes hereunder mentioned, or through any Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this or any other P

Act or Acts of Parliament, near the fame ; videlicet, The Turnpike nearest to IVellminster Bridge, in

the County of Surrey, the Turnpike nearest Saint fames's Park at Pimlico \ any Turnpike at Ken/ing-

ton, near the Entrance into Hyde Park ; the Turnpike nearest to Hyde Park Corner; the several

Turnpikes at Tyburn ; the several Turnpikes at or near the End of the Village of Saint Alary le Bone ;

at or near the End of Portland Street; at or near the Publick House on the New Road leading from

Paddington to Jjlington known by the Sign of the Green Alan ; and upon the said New Road nearest to,

and to the Eastward of, Tottenham Court; the Turnpike at Tottenham Court, belonging to the

Northern Road ; the Turnpike or Turnpikes nearest the North End of Grays Inn Lane ; the

following Tolls; videlicet.

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by fix or The Tollt,

more Horses, the Sum often Pence.

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by four

Horses, the Sum of eight Pence.

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by three or

two horses, the Sum of six Pence.

And for every Chaise, Chair, Calash, or other Carriage, drawn by one Horse, the Sum of three

Pence.

For every Horse, Mule, or Afs, not drawing, the Sum of one Penny.

’Which said respective Sums of Money shall and may be demanded and taken in the Name of and for 7he fdu Toll* to it.

a Street Toll, over and above, and exclusive of all other Tolls which are or shall be authorized to be taken above and

taken and collected upon or on account of the said Roads, or ary of them ; and the Monies to be Jlv<; °* olf*c*_ToM*

raised by virtue of this Act, shall be and are hereby veiled in the Commissioners for putting the Lid cdm omn,‘

Acts of the second, third, and fourth Years of his present Majesty in Execution ; which laid Com-

miilioners arc hereby likewise declared to be Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution; anil

the said Monies shall and may be applied and disposed of for the several Uses, Intents, and Purpoks,

mentioned in, and directed by, the said Acts: And the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of Toll* to t* lev'>d by

them, are hereby impowered by thcmltlves, or by any Person or Persons by them, or any five or more UiiWeft aodSnc.

of them, thereto authorized, to levy the Toll hereby required to be paid, upon any Person or Persons

who shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or rcfule to pay the fame as aforesaid, or to deny or

birder any P^fTage through the said Turnpikes respectively, until Payment thereof; w\ kh said Toll

shall and miy be levied by Distrcfs of any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, upon which the Toll is

by tbn Act imposed, or upon any of the Goods and Chatties of such Person or Persons who ought to

pay

