516 G*. 8; Anno nono Georg 11 III. A.D. 1769.

chandize whatsoever, that shall be laden or unladen in the Harbour of 7Veils* the Sum of Sixpence re-

spectively : And every Matter, or other Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or Vessel not

belonging to the Town of Wells, shall, for every Chaldron of Coals or Cinders ; and for every Last of

Wheat, Rye, Barley, Malt, or other Grain ; and for every Wey or Forty Bushclsof Salt ; and for every

Ton of other Goods or Merchandise that shall be taken in or delivered out by such Ship or Vessel in the

said Harbour of JVells, the Sum of One Shilling respectively ; until such Time as the Money which (hall'

be borrowed upon the Credit of this Act shall be paid and discharged; and after the Money to borrowed1

shall be paid and dif< harged, then any such smaller Sums as the Commissioners to be appointed, at, herein-

after directed, shall think neccilary for the effectual repairing, improving, and preserving of the said Har-’

bour and Quay, hot exceeding Four-pence per Ton, Chaldron, Last, or Wey.

Ships of »o

T#ns, not lading

or unljding, to

pay only 6d. per

Ton annually.

Commissioners

Rame*.

Their Time and

Place of Meet-

ing,

and may adjourn.

On Death, &c.

of Commission-

era. others to be

cholen*

>nr chonfing

Com m iiTio nr r»

after the Debt is

jAid*

And that all and every Merchant or other Person who shall be concerned in lading or unlading such

Goods as aforementioned, shall be respectively answerable to pay to any Matter or Commander (upon

his producing a Receipt for the fame) One half of the said Rate or Duty so disbursed and paid by him for

and on Account of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, so laded or unladed, on Account of such.

Merchants or e ther Persons respectively.

IT. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid by the Matter, or

other Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or Vessel of the Burthen of Ten Tons or up-

wards which shall come into the Harbour of Wells, and make fatt any Rope or Ropes to the Dolphins or

other Mooring-posts, and not lading or un'acting any Goods in the said Harbour, the Sum of Sixpence

the Ton according to the Burthen of the said Ship or Vessel ; which said Duty of Sixpence par Ton shall

only be demanded and paid Once in every Year.

III. And be it hereby further enacted, That Sir John Turner Baronet, Wenman Coke, Henry Lee War-

ner 1 George Chad, Esquires ; Charles Boyles Gentleman, the Reverend James Robinson Clerk, John Jones,

Thomas Jones, David Jones, John Hill the younger, Charles Rix, Thomas Harrison, Robert Harr if on, John

Haycock, William Tolke, John Rice, Robert Phillips, and William Elliot, Merchants; Valentine Dennis Beer

Brewer, James Gardner, Thomas Pentin, Francis Gardner, William Stoughton, Willi in Coe, Nathan JVabon,

Bream Shotten, Daniel Wells, James Hcnderfon, and John Bloom the elder, Ship Matters and Owners, shall

be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners and Trustees for the executing and eftefting the Powers,

Authorities, and Purposes of this prtfent Act, until the said Debt shall be paid and discharged.

IV. Provided always, 7'hat only One Member of any House or Copartnership shall meet and aft as a

Commissioner at the fame Time ; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any rive or more of them to

meet together at the House known by the Sign of the Fleece in :the Town of Wells aforesaid, on the First

Wednesday in the Month of January, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hun-

dred and sixty-nine ; and to adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet there, or at any other Place in the

said Town of Wells, as the said Commissioners and their Successors, or the major Part of them, shall

think proper and convenient for the putting this Act, or any of the Powers herein contained, in Execution.

V. And it is hereby further enacted. That in case any of the Commissioners and Trustees herein before

mentioned (or to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned) shall happen to die, or shall by Writing;

under his or their Hands decline acting as a Commissioner and Trustee agreeable to the Tenor of this Act ;

thdn in such Cafe, and from Time to Time, as often as it shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and

for the surviving Commissioners and Trustees, or the major Part of them, to elect another Person to be a

Commissioner'and Trustee in the Room and in the Stead of such Persons so dying or declining to act for

and during the Rdfidue of the said Term which shall be then to come and unexpired ; and such Person so

elected and chosen shall have the like Power and Authority by virtue of this Act, as the Commissioner and

Truttee in vVhofe Place he succeeds was inverted with.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That after the aforesaid Debt shall be paid off and discharged, it

shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons as shall, for the Time being respectively, be possessed of a

Sixteenth or other greater Part or share of any Ship or Vessel of the Burthen of Twenty Tons and up-

wards, thenactually belonging to the said Town of IVells, in his and their own Right, and also for every

Merchant trading in and from the Town of Wells, to meet and assemble on the First Wednesday in the

Month of January, which shall happen after the Money, borrowed upon the Credit of this Act is paid off

and discharged, at some convenient Place in Wells aforesaid, and so from Time to Time on every First

WednesLy in every Month of January in every Third Year for ever; and the said Persons so afiVmbled, or

the major Part of them, are hereby authorised and required to nominate, choose, and appoint. Ten of the

most substantial Inhabitants or Merchants trading in the said Town of Wells to be joined with Sir John

Turner Baronet, Wenman Coke, Henry Lee Warner, and George Chad, Esquires, as Commissioners and

Trustees for the Purposes of this present Act ; and the said Sir John Turner Baronet, Wenman Coke, Henry

Lee Warner, and George Chad, Esquires, and the several Persons to be from Time to Time elected and

chosen by virtue of, and in pursuance of, this Act as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby constituted and

appointed Commissioners and Trustees for executing the Powers and Authorities of this Act ; and that it

shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and Trustees for the Time being, or any Five

or moie of ifn m, to order and direct all Matters and Things, and to cause the fame to be done and exe-

cuted, from Time to Time, as by them shall bethought requisite or necessary for improving and preserv-

ing the said Harbour and Quay of Wells, and for ether the Purposes hereinbefore mentioned.

k^ooooie

