-A.D. 1767. Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 44. 361

the Duties payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, CommURonm

and Paper, by former Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made ; who, or the major Part of them, are here- forSttlnP|*

i>y impowered to employ such Officers under them, for that Purpose, as they shall think proper; and to

provide and use such Dies and Stamps, to denote the said Duties herein before mentioned as they shall think

fit; and to repair, renew, or alter the fame, from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion ; and to do ail

other Acts, Matters, and Things, necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to

the said Duties, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner, as they, or.the major Part of them, are au-

thorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Regulations, Provisions, Power*, &c.

Articles, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters granted by for-

*nd Things prescribed, inflicted, and appointed, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the th*e*

Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, on which any Policy of Afturnnce shall be ingrossed, written, tlcBs on p0^ciei

or printed, and not herein altered, shall be in full Force and Etfied with relation to the Duties herein be- of Affiance,

fore mentioned ; and shall be applied and put in Execution for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, extended to the

securing, receiving, and paying the said Duties herein before mentioned, and accounting for the fame ac- Dutiel,d*,ercbjr

cording to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Powers, giame

Regulations, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Distribution of Penalties and Forfei-

tures, and other Matters and Things, were herein repeated, re-enacted, and applied to the said Stamp

Duties herein before mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall counter- Penalty of coon-

feit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, to resemble any Seal, j!ntin* °r0f

Stamp, or Mark, directed, authorised, or allowed, to be used by, or which shall be provided, made, or JhTseiU or

used, in pursuance of this Act; or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the fame, thereby to Stamps,or«-

evade the Payment of any of the Duties herein before-mentioned ; or shall utter, vend, or fell, any Vel- posing any such

lum. Parchment, or Paper, liable to any such Stamp Duties, with such counterfeit Stamp* Mark, or Im- to Sale»

fression thereon, knowing the fame to be counterfeit; or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, or fraudulently

tamp, or Mark, authorised or allowed to be used by, or provided or used, or to be provided or used, in makin8 use of

pursuance of this Act, relating to the said Stamp Duties, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his

Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties, or any Part thereof; every such Person so offending, and King of hi*

being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cafes of Felony Dudei, i«Fe*

without Benefit of Clergy. lony.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising by the several and Monletirifing

refbedive Duties herein before-mentioned (the necessary Charges of Management, and of raising, col- hJ Dutia,

leding, receiving, paying, and accounting for, the said Monies, excepted) shall be issued and applied to bl*Ppl,ed

such and the same Uses and Purposes as the Duties upon Policies of Anurance are, by former Acts of Par- p0c15cici ofiffii-

liament, directed to be issued and applied. ranee granted by

former A&i.

VII. And be it further declared and enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Where Person*

shall be sued or prosecuted under, and by virtue of, this Act, for alluring the Properties of any Number of ye fuedfor *f-

Persons whatsoever in any Ship, Cargo, or both, to a greater Amount than the Sum of one thousand , Amwnfthei

Pounds, by a Policy stamped with a Stamp of five Shillings only; then, and in such Cafe, the Proof, as ,^™°Uby t

to the Amount or Value to allured, shall lie on the Person or Persons that shall be sued or prosecuted, and (ingic 5*. stamp,

not on the Person or Persons who shall sue or prosecute. the Proof, a* t*

the Value a flu red, to lie on the Defendant.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Allowance, after the Rate of fix The Allowance

Pounds in the one hundred Pounds per Annum for six Months, authorised to be made by an Act of Par- of ,pc[?nt'

liament passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, £'0\ yc J2 2?a

4 An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty Upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable respect of the

4 Liquors; and for establishing a Method for granting such Licences in Scotland \ and for allowing such prompt Payment

44 Licences to be granted at a Petty Session in England \ in a certain Cafe therein mentioned’) to every rerfon of the Stamp Du-

who shall, at 011c Time, bring to be stamped, or buy of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp llfs on ^crbi-

Duties, Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, the Duties whereof shall amount to ten Pounds and upwards, upon cences» c*

the present Payment of the said Duties, shall, from and after the said first Day of August, one thousand to cease after t

seven hundred and sixty-seven, cease and determine. August, 1767;

IX. And it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the and in lieu tWe*

said first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, instead and in lieu of such Allowance, of, 41. perCn t.

there shall be allowed and paid in Great Britain, to every Person who shall, at one Time, bring to be on'>is 10 bs*

stamped, or buy of the said Commissioners, Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, charged with any Duties jnlovvco*

and by the said Act of Parliament, which shall, in the Whole, amount to ten Pounds or upwards, after

the Rate of four Pounds in the one hundred Pounds per Annum for six Months, upon the present Payment

of the said Duties at the Head Office for marking or (lamping Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

4 X. And whereas it hath been the Practice of late for the Owners of unlicensed Coaches to let the

4 fame out for Hire, by way of Jobb, by the Day, or for less than a Day, contrary to the true Intent and

4 Meaning of an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, (intituled, A£g Anr.<*,

4 An Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs ; and for charging certain new Duties on Ci

4 stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Cards and Dice, and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for

4 Ireland ; and for securing thereby, and by a Weekly Payment out of the Post Office, and by several Duti:s on

4 Hides and Skins, a yearly Fund of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, for thirty-

Vql. X. 3 A 4 two

