514 C. 3, 4, 5, 6. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769.

CAP. III.

An Act for punicting Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quar-

ters. E X P.

CAP. IV.

3* * An Act to allow, for a further Time, the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from His Ma*

c3.°; ocig3.' jelly’s Colonies in North AmeEXP.

3 C‘J,‘ ' CAP. V.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in , for the Servic*

of the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine. EXP.

CAP VI.

An Act for the more effectually preventing the clandestine Importation of Foreign Spirits; and

for explaining such Part of an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty, as relates to the Penalties inflicted upon Persons selling Ale, Beer, or other Ex-

cifcable Liquors by Retail, without License,} and for taking away certain Powers1 granted

by former Acts, for punishing Persons convicted of retailing Spirituous Liquors without

Licence.

Preamble re.

citing Clause in

A&8Cco. J.c.

After 10Jan,

1769, Officers

of Excise are

impowered to

feise all Horses,

Cattle, and Car-

riage* tiled in re*

moving or con.

▼eying away Fo-

reign Spirits, for

which Dutie*,

&c. have not

been paid, as

Officers of the

Customs may

now do.

Merhod of uro-

ceding there-

upon.

Clause in Afl 5

Ceo. UU c.46.

is enacted and declared, That any Officer of Excise shall and may, and ought to seize all Brandy, Arrack,

Rum, Spirits, and Strong Waters, together with the Calks, Bottles, Vessels, or other Package contain-

ing the lame, which by an Act or Acts then in Force, or then after to be made, should be forfeited; And

c whereas no Provision is made by the Laws in being to impower the Officers of Excise to seize Horses,

c or other Cattle or Carriages, made use of in removing, carrying^ or conveying, the said Liquors for-

feited as aforesaid; and it would be a further Means to prevent the clandestine Importation of Spirituous

4 Liquors, if Officers of Excise were impowered to seize the Horses, or other Cattle and Carriages, made

use of in removing, carrying, or conveying the fame, in the same Manner as the Officers of the

4 Customs may now legally do ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of January*

One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers ot Excise,

and every of them, and they, and each of them, are required to seize all and every Horse, and other

Cattle and Carriage whatsoever, used in the removing, carrying, or conveying away, any of the Liquors

aforesaid (Customs and other Duties not being first paid or secured) in the same Manner as the Officers of

the Customs may now legally do j which Seizures of Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, shall and may be

proceeded upon, heard, and determined, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or

Forfeiture, is or may be sued for or recovered by any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty’s Revenue of

Excise, or any of them 5 or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s

Courts of Record at Westm 'nifter^ for any Thing done in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in

the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, for any Thing done in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland 5

and that One Moiety of every such Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and the

other Moiety thereof to him or them who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same.

II. And whereas by arr Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled An Act

4 for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admissions into Corporations or Companies; and for further securing the

4 Stamp Duties in Great Britain; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That from and after the Fifth

4 Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, every Person convicted of selling Beer, A4e,

4 or other Exciseable Liquors by Retail, within England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy

4 without being licensed thereto, shall, instead of the several pecuniary and corporal Punishments inflicted

4 by former Acts, forfeit and undergo the Penalties and Punishments following; for the First OJence,

the Sum of Forty Shillings, and all Costs and Expences of Conviction; and if not paid within Four-

4 teen Days, the Party shall suffer Imprisonment for one Month, unless the Penalty and Charges (hill be

4 sooner

