The TITLES of the STATUTES.

in Nether Talley, in the said County; and for turning

and exchanging Part of the said Road.

66. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the

City of Norwich, to Scolc Bridgey in the County of

Norfolk.

67. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Scole Bridge, to the Place where the East Gate lately

Pood in the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the

County of Suffolk,

68. An Act for amending the Road from Bishopsgate

Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone formerly

called the Two Alile Stone, where the Norwich Road

joins the Caijler causeway, two Miles and a Half short

of the Town of Great Yarmouth.

69. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads

leading to and through the Borough of*Bodminy in the

County of Cornwall.

70. An Act for making and maintaining a navi, able

Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City

of Oxford.

71. An Act for extending the Navigation of the River

Calder to Salter Helble Bridge, and to Sewer by bridge,

in the County of York, and for repealing an Act for

that Purpose.

72. An Act for the better Establishment of the Foundation

of John Aiichel Kfquire, in the Queen s College in the

University of Oxford, and for other the Purposes therein

mentioned.

73. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act

passed in the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, for

amending the Road from Pengate to Latchetts Bridge,

and other Roads in the County of Wilts; and for

amending several Roads near adjoining to the said

Roads.

74. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted

by an Act of the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty,

for repairing the Roads from Dunglas Bridge, to the

Town of Haddingtoun, and from thence to Ravcnjbaugb-

burny in the County of Haddingtoun.

75. An Act for continuing and rendering more effectu.il

an Act for repairing the Road from Bowes in the County

of York, to Brough under Stainmore in the County of

Weslmorland ; and for repairing and widening the Road

from Maiden Castle to Kaber Cross,'an6 also the Road

from Maiden Castle to the Coal Works at Taylor Rig,

and to Tan Hill and King's Pitts; and also the Road

from Barrow's Brew to Middle Fell Dyke Nook, in the

said Counties ; and also from Tan Hill and King's Pitts

to Beck Crooksy and Punchatt Pasture Weft Gate to Whaw

Lane Heady and by Lilly Jocks to Recth

76. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the

second Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and

widening the Roads from the White Post on Hn/eldin's

Woody in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Apple lore Heathy

and other Roads in the County of AY*/, as iciates to the

Road from Golford Green to Tanners Pent; for enlarg-

ing the Term and Powers of the said Act, with retpcct

to the other Roads therein contained ; and for amend-

ing the Road from the Turnpike Road in the P.irish of

Tender deny through Rolvcnderty to the Turnpike Road in

the Parish of Newcnderty in the said County.

77. An Act for repairing and widening the Rond leading

from Tal y Cafn Ferry in the County of Caerna'vorty

and through the Towns of Conway, Ban*or, and Ccer-

narvony to the Town of Pwllhdy in the lame County.

7$. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Alaid/hne through Debt ling to Key Street, in the Paiifhcs

of Borden and Bobbing in the County of Kent.

79. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Beverley to the Ferry at Hefslef and from the Mahon

Guide Port to the Gravel rit at Cottinghamy in the

County of York.

80. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Cheadle to Botham IlouJ'cy and from thence to Butterton

Moor Endy in the County of Stafford.

81. An Act for repair ng and widening the Road from

Darly Aloor in the County of Derby, to Ellaston in the

County of Stafford \ and from thence to the Turnpike

Road between Leek a*nd Afloborncy in the said Counties

of Dcrh and Stafford

82. An Act for the more eficftual Relief of the Poor in

the County of Devon.

83. An Act for laying open and widening certain Wajs

and Pafhigcs within the Town of Birmingham ; and for

clennfing and lighting the Streets, L^nc;, Ways, and

Passages there; and lor removing and preventing Nu-

fances and Obstructions therein.

8 t. An Act for building a Bridge at Worce/lcry over the

River Severny and opening convenient Avenues to the

said Bridge.

85. An Act for building a Chapel at Plymouth Docky in the

Parirti of Stoke Darner ell in the County of Devon.

85. An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the

Turnpike Road in Tringy in the County of Hertford^

through Dunjlabley IJitclin, Baldocky and Royftoriy to the

Turnpike Road at or near Bourn Bridget and from the

Weft End of Wehbury Lane to the ft urnpike Road ac

the South End of Bartony in the Counties of Hertford,

Bucksy Bedfordy and Cambridge.

8;. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act

pafl'ed in the thirtieth Year of his late Majesty, for

repairing the Road from Hitchiriy in the County of

Hertfordy through Sheffordy to the Turnpike Road from

Saint Albans to Bedfordy and other Roads therein men-

tioned ; and for repairing and widening the Road from

Shefford Way Post, to the Turnpike Road at Henlow in

the County of Bedford.

83. An Act for repairing the Road from Stoney Strafard

in the County of Bucks, through the Towns of Bucking-

ham and Btcester, to the Town of JVoodjlock in the

County of Oxford.

£9. An Act for making a Road from the Sou»’h End of

Blackfriars Bridge to the present Turnpike Road cross

Saint George's Fields, and from tbcncc to same Place at

or near the House called The Dog and Ducky and to

Newington Buttsy in the County of Surry; and for em-

powering the Trustees for carrying into Execution an

Act passed in the twenty fourth Year of the Reign of

his late Majesty, to repair, light* and watch the said

Roads, when made.

9?. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

Acts paired in the third and twenty-second Years of his

late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading

into the City of llerefordy and for amending the Roads

to Lanchudy Hill and Langna Budge.

91. An Act to explain, amend, and render more efteftual*

an Act yftlVd in the twenty-seventh Year of King

Groper. the Second, for repaying and widening the

Road Irum Lnctjler to Na’bcroughy ar.d from Leiccjer to

Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to War-

tricky and other Roads, and for other Purposes in the

said Act mentioned, so far as the fame relates to the

Road from the Borough of Lcict/hr to the Town of

Ni.rbcrcuyhy and from Leicjlcr to Hiniklty in the County

of LeujUr.

9:. An

