$44 C. 9*

Anno decimo Georgii Ilf.

A. D. 1770.

^reajr.bk.

Where the Mli-

•U is 01 fh iil be

raifiJj the Re-

ceiver Central of

the County is to

iff iz 4 Months

Pay in Advance,

according to the

Eftab) (ha.eut cf

Pay heic let

4own j

teith Half a

Yc.ti’s Salary to

the Regimental

ard Battalion

Clerks; and the

Allowances to

the Ch rks of the

Grnef. I and

Subdivide

Meetings;

and pay foe

Cloathing of the

Militia.

The above Sums

are not to be

paid, if Pay hat

not before been

issued, till the

Ld Lieut, or De-

pot in shall have

certified to the

Treasury and Re-

ceiver* General

The Money is

to be paid by the

Receiver Gene-

ral to the Cleric

of the Regiment

or Battalion (ex-

cept the Allow-

ances to the

Clerks of the

Meetings upon

producing the

Warrant Of his

Appointment;

and for In-

dv-pendant Com-

panies, to the

©etpeftive Cap-

tains, or to their

Oj der 1

according to the

F fUbliflunent'

Laid down in the

Militia Act of

a Geo. IIL c. 20.

A Second Pay-

ment is also to be

made within 3

Month* after the

First.

©ad a Third

CAP. IX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and C loathing of the MiFtia in that Part of Qrtctt

Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, Om

thousand seven hundred and seventy.

1 II 7HE REAS rt is ncccfiary that.Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay

4 VY and Cloaking for the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, from

4 the Twe ivy-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy;* be it therefore enacted

by the King’s, mo ft Excellent. Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spii itual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority ofthefame? Thjff

in every County, Riding, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, where the Militia is

or (bail be raised, the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of such County, Riding or Place

respectively, shall issue and pay the whole Sums required, in the Manner, and for the several Uses herein

after mentioned ; that is to say. For the Pay of the said Militia for Four Calendar Months in Advance,

at the Rate of Six Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed ; and, at the Rate

of Giiu Shilling for each Serjeant, with the Addition of Two Shillings and Sixpence a Week for each

Serjeant Major, where a Serjeant Major is appointed; and at the Rate of Sixpence a. Day for each

Drummer, with tb? Addition of Sixpence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is ap-

pointed; and also at the Rate of Sixpence a Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying

the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, and Independant Company of Militia; One

Penny wb.reof shall be applied for defraying the Hospital Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, or

Independant Company, during the Time of the Mens being from Home upon account of their An-

nual Exercise ; and also for Half a Years Salary for the Cleric of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia

belonging to such County, Riding, or Pkce, at the Rate of Fifty Pounds a Year; and also for the re-

spective Allowances to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meet-

ings, at the Rates following ; that is to say, To the Clerk of the General Meetings at the Rate of Five

PoundsFive Shillings for each Meeting ; and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, attheRatc

of One Pound One Shilling for each Meeting; and also for the Cloathing of the Militia for such County,

Riding, or Place, after the Rate of Three rounds Ten Shillings for each Serjeant, and Two Pounds

for each Drummer, with the Addition of One Pound for each Serjeant Major, and each Drum Major;

and with respect to the Private Militia Men% where the Militia hath not been cloathed within Three

Years, at the Rate of One Pound Ten Shillings for each private Man.

II. Provided nevertheless, That in any County, Riding, or Place, where Pay has not yet been Wiied

for the Militia, no Pay shall be issued until his Majesty* Lieutenant, or, in his Absence, or in case of

^ Vacancy by the Death or Removal of His Majesty’s Lieutenant, any Three Deputy Lieutenants, of

any such County, Riding, or Place* shall have certified to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury,

and to the Receiver General of the Land Tax, that Three Fifths of the Number of Private Militia Mer*

of such County* Riding, or Place have been inrollqd, and that Three Fifths of the Proportion of their

Commissiohed Officer* have accepted their Commissions, and entered their Qualifications as by Law

required.

the Inrollroent of 3 Fifth* of the Men and Officers.

III. And be k enacted. That all such Sum*of Money granted for the Pay of the Militia as afofcfaid,

except such as shall bq due tojtbe federal Clerks of. the. Meetings aforesaid, and except such as (hill be>

due on account of Cloathing, (halL where tty; .Militia has never been embodied*, be paid by die said Re-

ceiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the Hands of the Clerkor Clerks of the Regiments

or Battalions of Militia belonging to such County, Riding, or Place, upon his or their producing his or

their Warrant or Warrants ot Appointment to such Office, under the Hand and Seal of Hi* Majesty’s

Lieutenant for Cuch respective County, Riding, or Place; and where the Militia has been embodied, in-

to the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks ot. the Regiments or Battalions* upon his or their producing his or

their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such Office, under the Hand and Seal of the Colonel, or,

where there is no Colonel, of ttys Commanding Officer of each Regiment or Battalion respectiwdy, not-

wkhstanding such Militia shall have been disembodied ; and where the Militia shall be formed into an ln-

dcjpendant Company, or Independant, Companies* fudi Sums as aforesaid shall be paid by the said Re-

ceiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the Hands of the respective Captain of each Inde-

pendant Company of Militia, or to such Person as such respective Captain shall authorise to receive the

fame, according to the Number of Persons hereby, intituled to receive Pay and Cloathing, ef which such

Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, Independant Company or Independant Companies,

shall have been appointed to confiit, according to the EstablUhment laid down in an Act passed in the

Second Year of the Reign of Elis present Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act to explain, amend, ijnd red see

4 into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Railing and Traning the

4 Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England;' and such Receiver or Receivers General of

the Land Tax (hall-also, within Fourteen Days after the Expiration of the Third Calendar Month from

the Time of the said First Payment, make a Second Payment for Four Calendar Months in Advance;

and shall also, within Fourteen Days after the Expiration of the Three Calendar Months from the l ime

of the said Second Payment, make a Third Payment for Four Calendar Months in Advance, for the Pay

and contingent Expence* of the Militia, and for the Allowances to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk

.by

