A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii IUi C. 9* *3

due Proof thereof made to them by the Oath or Oaths of such Serjeant or Serjeants, or of one or more cre-

dible Witness or Witnesses, at their Discretion to award Execution either against the Body or Goods of

such Party or Parties; and Process shall issue thereupon, and be executed by the Serjeant or Serjeants ia

Manner aforesaid, until the Party or Parties at whole Suit such Execution shall be issued shall be fully paid

and satisfied.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the fa id Commissioners shall at erder

any Time, upon the Rtquest and for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants, order and D2'Jl*10

decree the Debt due to the Plaintiff* or Plaintiffs to be paid at several Payments, then upon the first Default41 cvcr

or Failure of any of the said Payments so ordered and decreed, the said Commissioners, or any three or more

of them, assembled in Court, (nail and may, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due

Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Execution for the whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall then

remain unpaid, together with such further Costs as to them shall seem reasonable, to be recovered by the

fame Process, and in like Manner as is herein before provided for Recovery of the Debt and Costs first de-

creed, the former Order or Decree to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Precept to be issued upon any On Execntlon,

Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Clerk who issue« C*cr£

the fame (lull express and set down in Writing the Sum or Sums of Money and Colts so ordered and decreed *

to he paid ; and if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded shall, before any

actual Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he, (he, or they, is, arc, or shall be taken and appre-

hended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment, pay, or cause to be paid

or tendered, unto the Clerk of the Court who shall issue such Precept, such Sum or Sums of Money and

Costs, together with one Shilling, as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying.over such Debt and

Colts to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and entering Acknowledgement of Satisfaction in the Book or Register

of the said Court for such Debt and Colts, and also the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence for Gaol Fees,*

in case such Party or Parties shall have been committed to Prison ; then, and in such Cafe and Cafes, the

Execution shall be superfeded, and Body or Bodies and Goods of such Party or Parties shall be discharged

and set at Liberty.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Servant* suffer-

Court, who shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful Connivance or Neglect, cause ing an Escape,

or fuss«r the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded toeicape or abscond, or the Goods of such or Goods to be

Party or Parties to be carried away or secreted, so that such Execution shall not have its due Effect, it DebtVnl Coft"^

shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in

Court, upon Complaint and due Proof made upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or

WitnciTes, to order such Serjeant or Serjeants to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Exe>-

cution was awarded to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the fame Methods and

Means as arc herein before provided for the Payment of other Debts.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of a£ting Cominlflioner*

a* a Commissioner, in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath to the following Ef-O-tfri

ket *, that is to say,

4 T A* B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according tathebeftof my Judge-

4 X ment, hear and determine all such Matters and causes as shall be brought before me, by virtue of ail

4 Act of Parliament for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Chippen-

4 htiniy Came, and Darner bum Sortb, and Lord (nip or Liberty of Corjham, in the County of /////;, without

* favour. Affection, or Prejudice to either Party.

So help me God.9

Which Oath the Clcik or Clerks of the said Court, or any of the Commissioners who shall have taken such Mwn<ma! ther*.

Oa:h, is arul are hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court; and the Clerk orof to tc rct» 1*-

Cluks of the said Court shall enter, or cause a Memorial thereof to be enured in the Register of the

laid Court.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fees herein after limited ThcFeeu

and expretled, and no other, (lull be taken by the Clerks or Serjeants, or their Succctlors, for tkeir several.

and reipcctive Services in the Execution of this A cl; (that is to fayj

To the Clerks*.

For entering every Cause six Pence.

For issuing every Summons six Pence.

For every Subpoena six Pence.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court three Pence*.

For rvery Healing or Trial six Pence.

For swearing every Witness, Plaintiff’, or Defendant, threepence#.

Tor every Order, Judgement, or Decree, six Pence#

For a Nonsuit six Pence.

For every Search in the Books three Pence.

For paving Money into Court lix Pence ; if by Instalments, (lx Pence in the Pound more,

lor taking Money out of Court, and acknowledging of Satisfaction in the Clerks Books, six Pence.

B

