A. 6. 1769.

Anno nono Georgii III.

C. 32. 601

Shank, William Saltonjlall, Francis Taynton Clerk, Thomas Taylor of St rood, William Twopenny, Roger

Twyfden, William Temp eft, William Tadman, George Taylor, Peter Wade, Eafon Willis, Robert Wilkius,

John Wetheridge, ^<74* Wildajh, "James Whatman, Thomas Witherden; Benjamin Waterhouse Clerk, and

• thcjr Successors (to be elected in Manner herein after mentioned) are hereby appointed Commissioners for

putting this Act in Execution; and in case of the Death of any of the above named Commissioners, itCommissionert

Shall be lawful for the surviving Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time* by|j>,n&> other*

Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect One or more Person or Persons to-be a Commissioner or®* c otn#

Commissioners, in the Room and Stead of such Commissioner or Commissioners; but Ten Days Notice

of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election shall be given in some publick News Paper

Qirculated within the said Parishes ; and every Person so elected is hereby verted with the fame Powers for

putting this Act in Execution, as the Person or Persons in whose Place or Places he shall be chosen was.

verted with,

II. Provided always, and be it further ehafted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be ca-Qualificiuon* of

pable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he /hall be in his own Right, or

in Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the

clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or pofl’eflcd of or intitled to a Personal Estate of One thousand

Pounds; znd if any Person not being 10 qualified, shall presume to act, every such Person shall, forrcnaIty on a^-

every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sura of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue forJJJ.*^1* not

the fame ; to be recovered in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record, by Act ion of Debt, or on the

Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager at Law, or more than

One Imparlance, shall be allowed ; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as afore-

laid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, on Proof given of his* having acted as a Commissioner in the

Execution of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners or any Nine orTW and Place

more of them, shall meet together at the King's Head Inn in the said City of Rochester, on the Third Monday

after the passing of this A St, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two in theMeclin*'

Afternoon; and afterwards at such Time and Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose, as often as it

shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution ; and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of

them present at such Meeting, such major Part not being less than Nine, shall then and there, and from

Time to Time, ascertain and set down in Writing the Monies they shall adjudge necell'ary to be borrowed

for new paving the said Streets and Lanes, or making the Road aforesaid, or either of them ; and that no

Order or Direction for borrowing Money for such Purpose shall be made or given otherwise than at such

Meeting ; 2nd that the said Commissioners shall and may from Time to Time afterwards adjourn them-

fclvers, and meet at such Place within either of the said rarifhes, as they fli.ill think proper and convex

nient, for nutting this Act in Execution : And if at any Meeting appointed to be held by virtue of this r-i Default of*

Ad there mall not appear a proper Number of Commissioners to act and to adjourn to another Day, or^m Kum-

in case the Commissioners so aiTembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves ; then, and in such hJT 10

Cafe, the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall, by Notice in Writing to be given at Jcart Ten Days be-

fore the next Meeting, or, in case of the Death of the said Clerk before such Notice given, then any Two another Meeting

Commissioners shall and may, by such Written Notice, appoint the said Commissioneis to meet at the

FJace where the lart Meeting was held, within Fourteen Days next following ; and that all Orders and

Determinations of the said Commissioners, in Execution of this Act (except as herein after excepted) x0 Order, fee. t#-

shall be at Meetings held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise ; and no such Order or Detcrini-be n:.vie .In'cr

nation shall be made unless the maior Part of the Commissioners shall concur therein, such major Part M»iontyofc«m.

not being a less Number than the Number by this Act authorised to make such Order and Determination ; ther-iil*

nor shall any Commissioner be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act during the Time lie shall

hold any Office under, or have any Share or Interest in, any Contraft relating to the Execution of any

of the rowers of this Act. ' interred.

IV. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Ninecommwrionfra

or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they, or any Nine or more of them, shall appoint or con-nny opmaRnii

tract with for that Purpose, as herein after mentioned, shall be and are hereby authorised and empowered'™™ Srar L"n*

to open, make, and keep in Repair, a Road through and from Star Lem in the City of Rcchrfter af orefaid,10 Ch-thamHl

across the Fields and Grounds leading to Chatham Hill in the said County, to the Turnpike Road on

y Chatham Hill aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Road shall be dtfigned, laid out,Roa.i toc*^

and made, in as convenient a Line as may be ; and that the Ground to be purchase 1 in such Manner as‘*4 ^ Feet m J

herein after is directed for making and opening the said Road, shall not exceed Sixty Feet in Width ;Wldsh>.

Light Feet whereof on one Side shall be a Path for Foot Passengers. and the Remainder of such Ground

shall be used for Wheel Carriages, and for fencing the said Road-in such Manner as the said Commissioners

dial! order and direct.

VI. And be it further ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners or any Nine orConijr,5fl-nj,eff

more of them, shall and may, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, at their First or fubfupiciit Me t-

ing, giving Fourteen Days Notice thereof after the First Meeting in some Publick News Paper, appoint oJice./j

One or more Clerk or Clerks, and Treasurer or Treasurers, and Collector or Collectors, Receiver or

Receivers, of the Rates of Affefiinents and Tolls by this A 3 granted* Surveyor or Surveyors, and such

Vol. X. 4 H other

