A.D. 1770.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

C. 22, 23. 695

Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or

Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the Treble Corti.

fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath for Costs in other Cafes of Law.

LX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken Public A£L

to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken 'Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other

Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for the more effectually paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Squares,

Lanes, and other Passages, and for regulating Weights and Measures, within the Parish of

Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

€ \T7 HEREAS n Act was made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitu- Preamble.

4 \V led. An for repealing an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Mfefty King Aa 8 Gc£*

4 George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and tkfu(lal

4 cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Co’.Uciion*

4 Highways and causeways, and regulating the Poor within the Parish of Saint Alary le Bone, in the

4 County of Middlesex \ and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes: And whereas the

4 Vestrymen, constituted, elected,*and appointed, for putting the said Act in Execution, having made Ton e

4 Progress in the Trusts in them reposed, relating to the better paving and enlightening the Streets and

4 Places within the said Parish, and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions, and Encroachments; but find

that the said Act is defective with respect to some of the Powers thereby given for cleansing, enlighten-

4 ing, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, within the said Parish, nor can the

4 fame be put in Execution so as to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, unless some new Powers

4 are granted, and the said Act amended and made more effectual: May it therefore please Your Ma-

4 jesty that it may be enacted; and’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this' present Parliament af- Comml/fionerar

sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the puffing of this Aft\ the Vestrymen ^putting this

appointed by or in pursuance of the said Act, and all other the Vestrymen of the said Parish of Sa nt Mary ^n'n Execu-

le Bone for the Time being, shall be, and be called Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, for

and during fd long a Time as they shall continue to be Vestrymen of the said Parish

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner NoComm flionar

in the Execution of this A,ft, during the Time he shall hold any Office, or enter into any Contract, or to hold a pnee

have any Share or Interest in any Contraft Relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act. of Prpfif>

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Commissioners to

the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this aPP0i,lt °tEccrv

Act, to appoint One or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerics, Collector or Collectors, Sur-

veyor or Surveyors, with such Allowances as shall be judged reasonable by the said Commissioners, or the

major Part of them, at such Meeting or Meetings; and also may, from Time to Time, appoint such other

Officer or Officers as they shall find necessary and convenient; and shall or may take such Security as

they shall think proper from such Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors,

Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid; and likewise may, from and nuv remote

Time to Time, remove any or either of such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, and appoint tht;ni» and nP-

o.hers in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed, or that shall die; and such Commissioners eonimi!ni”f-rSt©

as aforesaid, shall and may, out of the Monies arising or to arise by virtue of this Act, pay or cause to be a|l nv

paid such Salaries or other Allowances as they shall judge reasonable to be paid or m ide to the Officers or SaUrics.

other Persons so appointed, for and in Consideration of his and their Office and Offices respectively, and

to such other Person or Persons as have been or shall be aiding and assisting in and about the Execution

of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That such Surveyor or Surveyors so appointed by the

laid Commissioners, shall be in the Room or Stead of any Surveyor or Surveyors *of the Highways here- ir>en * iur“

tofore appointed by the Vestrymen of the said Parish; which Office shall, from and after the passing of vcyors#

this Act, ceate; and the Powers, Authorities, and Duties thereof, shall veil in the Surveyor or Surveyors

appointed by the fakl Commissioners under and by virtue of this Act; any Law, Statute, or Ufuge, to

the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enaftecTby the Authority aforesaid, That if any Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk Penalty on Ofil-

er Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Servant or Ser- cers^Noncom^ii-

vants, which shall or may hereafter be appointed by the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, Q^'of Vom-

or ^any Part thereof, shall exact, demand, take, or accept, any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than m;irioicr«,

such Salaries and Rewards as shall be appoinced, allowed, and approved of, by such Commissioners as

aforesaid, for or on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or for forbearing to

do any Thing ordered or directed by the Commissioners for p itting this Act in Execution, or on any

Account whatsoever relating to the Execution thereof, or shall any Way be concerned or interciled in

any Bargain made or to be made by such Commissioners, or any of them, for any of the Purposes intend-

ed by this Act; every Person so offending, shall for ever be incapable of being employed under this Act,

and fltxall over and above forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who

£ dull

