4

A. D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. C. 53. 791

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons Personi aggrieved may

shall think himself or rhemselves aggrieved by any Adjudication or Determination of the Lord Mayor,*^Jjgt® lhe Q^artcr*

or any One of the Aldermen of the said City of London; it shall and may be lawful to and for such c 10n8,

Person or Persons so aggrieved, to appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for

the said City of London, or any Adjournment thereof, for Redress, whose Determination shall be

final ; which Court is hereby authorised and impowered to award Costs not exceeding Forty Shil- deter«ine*

lings, either to the Complainant or Defendant, as-such Court shall think just and reasonable ; and to award Costs not

cause the fame to be levied and paid as Debts are herein before directed to be levied and paid. exceeding 40s.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of Sixpence in the Foreman of every Gang

Pound shall be flopped and deducted by the Foreman of every Gang out of the several Sums of Money may ftoP6d« in the

so to be paid for the Hire and Wages of Coal-heavers so discharging such Ships or Vessels as aforesaid ; ^yers^w^ef0^

and the Money so flopped and aedufted shall from Time to Time be paid to Charles Martyn, or 8ea

Jermyn Street, Saint 'James's Gentleman, or such Person or Persons as he shall direct, until the full

Sum of Three hundred Pounds shall be fully paid and satisfied, for paying and discharging the Costs, ward^xpenceof ob-

Charges, and other Expences incurred in obtaining and passing this Act ; and the several Foremen taining this a a.

shall be answerable to the said Charles Martyn for the fame; and the fame shall be from Time to

Time, in case of Neglect or Refusal of Payment, levied and enforced in such Manner as is directed On Non-payment, may>

with respect to the Debts due from Masters of Ships, or their Agents, to Coal-heavers. ^ levied

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought Limitation of AAion*.

or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act,

then, and in such Cafe, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar

Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought, laid, and tried in

the City'of London, and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit

shall and may plead the General IfTuc, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence at any General Issue.

Trial to be had thereupon ; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue

his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits 5 or if upon Verdict or Demurrer Judgment shall

be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble TrebIc Cost,#

Coils, and have such Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any

other Cafes by Law.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this A3 shall be deemed, ad-PublicAft*

judged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges,

Justices, and other Persons whatsoever without specially pleading the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall remain and con- Thl« Aato keijtforct-

tinue to be in Force for the Term or Space of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the thenfor * Year,»

next Session of Parliament,

Th« Table

