The T I T L E S of

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Failures, and other Commonable

Lands, within the. Parish and Liberties of Burton Joyce

and Bulcoate, in the County of Nottingham.

53. An Act for making the Exemplification of the last

Will of Richard Fitz Gerald Esquire, deceased. Evidence

in all Courts of Law and Equity, in Great Britain and

Ireland,

54. An Act to enable Reynold Thomas, an Infant, and his

Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Deere, pursuant

to the Will of Reynold Deere, deceased.

£$. An Act for enabling and empowering the Mayor and

Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and

their Successors, to sell and convey to the Right Honour-

able George, Earl of Pomfret, the Lordship and Manor

of Oxenjorde, with the Messuages, Lands, and Heredi-

taments, thereto belongingj^and for applying the Pur-

chafe-money to the Purposes therein mentioned.

56. An A dl for the more effectually carrying into Exe-

cution an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of

h\s present Majesty, intituled. An At1 for vesting in

TruJ tees, the settled Efiate of Washington Earl Ferrers,

in the County of Derby, to be sold for satisfyirig the In-

cumbrances and Portions affecting the fame, and the

red of his settled Estates ; and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

57. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in the Name of one

of the Trustees in the Settlement made of the Estates of

the Right Honourable William Earl of Harrington, pre-

vious to his Marriage with the Right Honourable Caro-

line Countess of Harrington, his Wife.

58. An Act to subject and charge a competent Part of the

Manor and Lordship of Tottenham Hall, otherwise Tot-

tenham Court, in the County of Middlesex, and of the

Lands and Hereditaments thereunto belonging, with the

Payment of a perpetual yearly Rent-charge to Doctor

Richard Browne, and his Successors; and for divefling

the Fee-ftmple and Inheritance of the said Premisses out

of him and his Successors; and for veiling the fame in

Trustees, to the Use of Charles Fitzroy Esquire, and

Ann his Wife, and their Issue, with such Powers and

Authorities as therein are mentioned.

59. An Act for vesting in Trustees, and their Heirs, an

in tailed Estate, in the County of Lincoln, of Sir Thomas

Gage Baronet, Dame Lucy his Wife, and their Issue,

in order that the fame may be fold, and the Purchase-

money applied for the Purposes in the said Act men-

tioned; and for settling an Estate, in the County of

Suffolk, of the fail Sir Thomas Gage, of greater Value,

in lieu thereof.

60. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of William

. Nedham Inquire, in the Island of Jamaica, in Trustees,

for the Purposes therein mentioned.

61. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of the

Honourable and Reverend James Tor he, and Mary his

Wife, situate in Arlington Street, in the County of Mid•

dlrfexy in Trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to Articles

entered into for Sale thereof; and for laying out the

Money thereby (lipulated to be paid, in the Purchase

of other Lands, to De settled to the same Uses.

62. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution

an Agreement, dated the twenty-sixth Day of December,

in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven,

between Walter Waring Esquire, and the Right Honour-

able Robert Lord Clive \ and for vesting certain Estates,

in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, in certain

Trustees, and their Heirs, for that Purpose*

Vol. X-

the STATUTES.

63. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments,

in the Parhh of Warfield, In the County of Berks, with

the Appurtenances, in John Hart Cotton of Warfieldp

aforesaid, Esquire ; and for settling and afturing* in lieu

thereof, a Rent Charge of greater Value, to be issuing

out of Part of the said Lands and Hereditaments, and

also out of a Capital Messuage and Lands in the said

Parish of Warfield, and in the Parish of Binfield, in the

fame County, or one of them, belonging to the said John

Hart Cotton, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned.

64. An Act for impowering Trustees, during the respective

Minorities of the four Infant Sons of Tlrmas Hawkins*

Esquire, deceased, to make Leases of Estates, in the

County of Cornwall, to which they are successively in-

titled, as Tenants in Tail, under the Will of Phi dp

Hawkins Esquire, deceased ; and for other the Purposes

therein mentioned.

65. An Act for vesting certain undivided Shares, belong-

ing to Mary Wright, an Infant, of and in several Mef-

fuages, Tenements, and Lands, in the County of Lan-

cajter, in Trustees, to be sold ; and for laying out the

Money, arising from the Sale thereof, in the Purchase

of other Lands, to be settled to the Use of the said In-

fant, and her Heirs, on the Part of her Mother; and

for other Purposes therein mentioned.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common

Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in

the Parish of Shipton upon Ckarwell, in the County of

. Oxford.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arablo

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, ahd Grounds,

within the Township of Snainton, in the Parishes of

Brompton and Ebhcrston, in the North Riding of the

County of York.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Cow Pastures, and other Commons,

and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Toynton Su*

pra, within the Manor of Horncastle, in the County of

Lincoln.

69. An Act to enable the Right Honourable James Grcn~

vide, the Right Honourable isaac Barre, and the Right

Honourable Richard Rigby, to take in Great Britain, the

Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver Gene-

ral and Paymaster General of all his Majesty’s Reve-

nues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify thetn-

selves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

70. An Act to diilblve the Marriage of Frederick Lord

Viscount Bolinghroke, with Lady Diana Spencer, his now

Wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other

Purposes therein mentioned.

71. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Daly,

Esquire, with Anna Statia Daly, his now Wife, and to

enable hjm to marry again ; and for other Purposes

therein mentioned.

72. An Act for naturalizing Lawrence Laforefi.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 8 £5* 9 Georgii III.

FIRST SESSION.

AN Act for further continuing certain Lawsjo ptolubft,

for a limited Time, the Exportation of Coi n. Grain,

Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and

also the Extradtion of Low Wines and Spirits from

Wheat and Wheat Flour; for further allowing the Im-

portation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, Bailey, Barley

0 Meal,

