C. 9. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765. 11

sioners fhnl] be, for the first Week at Chippenham aforesaid, on the Monday Fortnight next after the passing

of this Act ; for the feennd Week at Caine aforesaid, the Monday three Weeks after the passing of this Act;

and for the third Week at Cvjham aforesaid, on the Monday then next following; and for the fourth Week

at Chiffenbcm again, on the lame Day of the Week ; and so on in Succcflion and Rotation.

li. Provided neverthelcl's That in calc three or more of the said Commissioners, appointed or to be ap- For wait of»

pointed by virtue of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to assemble on any of the Days appointed for holding Sufficient Num-

the f id Court; that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, or his

or their Deputy or Deputies for the time being, to adjourn the said. Court to some other convenient Day, \°0 another I)!/,

within one Week from the Day on which the said Court ought to have been held, or till the next General

Court Day to be held by Rotation as aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners so named and appointed, and Comrr.ilTic.neri

their Successors, to be chosen as herein after is mentioned, or any three or more of them, from time to time Fewer,

•dllmbled as aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to heir and determine all such

Caui'cs and Matters of Debt as shall be brought before them, in Manner as hereafter is meruit ned ; and to

give such Judgements, and to make such interlocutory and final Orders and Decrees therein, and to award

such Execution thereupon, with Colts, both against the Bodies and the Goods and Chatties of all and every

the Per fin and Pc:Ions against whom they shall give or make any such Judgement, Older, or Decree, as to

them shall iccm just and most agreeable to Equity and good Conference: Andif the Com mi Hi oners fionffem-

bled shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question that may come before tlx in, the Commissioner

present whole Name fl.mds hi A on the Lilt of the Commissioners directed to be kept in the Court-houie or

Place where they findl respectively meet shall have the Calling Vote.

IV’. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from time to time, and ns often ns it shall tleflior. of

be ncreliary, either by the Death of any of the said Commissioners herein before particularly named, or of Commuijcnci*.

any of their Succcllors, to be chosen in Manner herein after mentioned, or by his or their refusing or neglect-

ing for the Sp*cc of twelve Months to act herein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioner9

hereby appointed, and such their Successors, or any eleven or more of them, to meet and assemble together,

•*t any Time after ft eh Derth, Refusal, or Neglect to act, and to cleft and appoint one or more Com-

fniflioner or Commissioncts in the Stead and Place of such Commissioner or Commissioners dying or refusing

to act; and every such Commissioner so elected and appointed, shall be and is hereby enabled to act in the

Execution of the Powers granted to the Commissioners hereby appointed, as fully and effectually, to all

Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had been particularly named in this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That George Searle Bail'ffc and Henry Mere- Firn C!c»ks and

wether. Gentlemen, shall he and are hereby constituted and appointed Clerks of the fa id Court of Requests; Serjeant*.

and \hA Georg* Knrcll, Jriiliam Little, Hugh Lawr once, Matthevj Cottle, and John King/ion, shall be and

are hereby condituted and appointed Serjeants of the Paid Court of Requests ; who shall continue Clerks and

Serjeants of the said Court so long as they shall behave themselve9 well in their respective Offices.

VI. Provided always. That no Commissioner, nor any Person or Per foils who shall keep any Viftusllirg- Victuallers Ac.

houlh, ARhoufr, or other House of public Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine. Cyder, Beer, Ale, not tf1

Spirituous or other Strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of holding the Office of Cleik, or any o her F1-cc oJ

Place of Profit belonging to the said Court.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall happen that the Place Kirfi;cn of

of Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court shall become vacant, either by Death, Rt Agnation, or Misbehaviour, C rrks and Scr-

the C ommiflior.ers for the time being, or any eleven or more of them, shall meet at some convenient Place,

as soon as conveniently may be after such Vacancy shall happen ; and a Majority of the said Commissioners

so met aie hereby authorized and required to chuse and appoint another fit Person to be Clerk or Serjeant of

the said Court during his good Behaviour.

VJ11. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerks herein before named and eVtk f* up

choti n, and their Succcllors so from lime to time to be chosen and appointed, or his or th.ir lawful Deputy

er Deputies, shall make and cause to be fixed up, in some convcr ient Part of each of the said Court-hoUcs, ™,ir;,:)n?rs in the

fair ar d complete Lists in Writing of the Commissioners herein named and appointed, or to be elected and

appointed as aforesaid ; and shall also and arc here by impowered and required to iifuo, or cause to be iilued

out, ail Surr,monies Attachments, Warrants, Subpoenas, and Precepts, and to register a^d enter, or cause s“*^*

to be re Acred and entered, all causes, Orders, Decrees, and Judgements, and other Acts and Proceedings

*,f the said CTourt, in proper Books to he provided by them and kept for that Piupofc: And that the Ser-

jeant and Serjeants herein before named and chosen, or from time to time to be chosen and appointed as to

aforesaid, ibail and are hereby impowered and required to serve and execute, or era.fie to be served r.:ul im«

executed* all such Sumnionfes, Orders, Attachments Warrants, Subpcrn.rs, Extetrion:, and Pr-cepts

and to do and perform all such Acb, Matters, and Things, as arc herein directed ;.ni rppunttd to be

•J'.rie by ilicm.

IX. An 1 lie it further ennftrd by the Authority aforesaid, That from nnd after th? paf.’ng of tbii Act, Fc f* n«» m*v ru«

it in all and may be 1?" tul to and for all and every Person and Person., whaMbev/r, who now fuuh or h ue, ,ur u ,<4f

«>r here after may or fl» id have, any Debt or Debts, not amounting to the Surnct fl-*ty Sf il.inps c’ue or*"1'

#>wirg to h-m, h^r, or them, in his, her, or their own Ru hr, or as Executo:, Admt. ilirrtoi, ti.iardi.rp, or

'Trnluo*, by or fn m ary other Pcifon or iVrlons whatferver, inhabiting or relivin g w.uiiu the Hundreds

iiioref.i:J, 1 r any Put thereof, or trading and dealing or faking a Livelihood E^uia, to nrpiv :■> timer of

fheClc’ks.-t the said Comr, or h:s or ti>cir Deputy or Deputies for the time bring, who fb.fi! immediately

rnaVe an Entry in lbs Book of the Caule, expressing the Names of the Pai ’it s and the Sun. If mended ; and otfcrj ttt

shall thereupon make out and deliver a Summons in Writing under his ii^nd diitwUd to such Dftn.1' or to pro«cd.

C 2 Debtor ,

