*54

Act iS Ceo. ft.

C. 21.

A& iS Geo. 2.

c. i6.

The Art of 28

Geo. 2. declared

Bot intended to

prevent the

granting Licen-

ce* for the Im-

portation of Tea

from any Parts

of Europe; or

to hinder any

Person*, other t

Teas in 7 Geo. 3

Preamble, re-

citing Alt }

Geo. j. c. is.

sad Geo. 3.

c.j.

ffrom end after

s Ju,y n*6’

the Duties

gran ed by the

leciied Alt of

3 Geo. 3. are

to cease; as

atfo alt the

Powers and Re-

fuLniooy, 5ec«

C. 14. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766,

4 II. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of hit

c late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An At1 for making more effectual the Laws prohibiting the

4 Importation of Spirituous Liquors in Cashs or Vessels not containing sixty Gallons, and of Tea above the Quantity

4 of six Pounds,found on board any British Ship or VeJfel, not belonging to, or employed by, the East India Company 5

4 reciting, amongst other Things, that, notwithstanding the several Provisions made for preventing Frauds,

4 Ships and Vessels arriving from foreign Parts frequently had on board Tea, which Tea was intended to

4 be run on Shore, without Payment of the Duties thereof; but in’order to prevent the Seizure and For-'

4 feiture thereof, was brought into Port, under pretence that it was designed for Exportation, and was Fre-

4 qucntly reported for Exportation to foreign Parts, and nevertheless was afterwards run on Shore; it was

4 therefore enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and

4 fifty-five, all Tea above the Quantity of six Pounds, which should be found in any British Ship or Vessel

4 arriving in Great Britain from foreign Parts, excepting those belonging to, or employed by, the Ea/l

4 India Company, shall be forfeited and lost, whether such Tea should be intended or reported for Ex-

4 portation or not: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether the Powers contained in an Act made in the

4 eighteenth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing the present Inland Duty of

4 four Shillings per Pound Weight upon all Tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majesty certain other

4 Inland Duties in lieu thereof \ and for better securing the-Duty upon Tea, and other Duties of Excise; and for

4 pursuing Offenders out of one County into another; to grant Licences to any Person or persons, Body or

4 Bodies Politick or Corporate (other than the East India Company) for the Importation of Tea into this

4 Kingdom from any Part of Europe, were not repealed by the said Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of

4 his said Majesty’s Reignnow for obviating such Doubts, be it declared and enacted by the Authority

aforesaid, That the said Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, was not

intended to extend, and doth not extend, to hinder or prevent the granting of any Licence whatsoever, for

the Importation of Tea into this Kingdom from any'Parts of Europe, in pursuance of the Powers contained

in the said Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; or to hinder or pre-

vent any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, other than the East India Company,

from importing any Quantities of Tea, not exceeding the Quantities for which any such Licence hath been

or shall be granted, in any British Ship whatsoever, navigated according to Law, or to make Tea so imported

liable to Forfeiture; any thing in the said Act notwithstanding.

ban the East Ind a Company, from duly importing any Quantity of Tea, so a* not to exceed the Quantities licensed. See more concerning

. c. 56. 8 Geo. 3. c. *5.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for repealing the Duties granted upon Cyder and Perry by an Act made in the third

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, and for granting other Duties on Cyder and Perry

in lieu thereof; and for more effectually securing the Duties on Cyder and Perry imposed

by several former Acts.

4  WHEREAS certain Duties of Excise were laid on Cyder and Perry by an Act of Parliament

4 Vy made in the third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his

Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder

and Perry; and for raising the Sum of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and

4 Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; and divers Provisions and Directions, for and in relation to the

4 managing, securing, ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying, the said Duties upon Cyder

and Perry, were enacted by the said Act, and by one other Act of Parliament made in the fourth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend such Part of an Act made in the

4 la ft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon

4 Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry.; and for raifxng the Sum

4 of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the

4 said Duties, as relates to Cyder and Perry made in this Kingdom: And whereas great Inconveniences have

4 arisen from the Manner of laying and collecting the said Duties: For Remedy whereof, and in order to

4 maintain your Majesty’s Revenue, and secure a proper and suficient Fund towards'Payment of such

4 Incumbrances as are now charged on those and other Duties by the said Act passed in the third Year of

4 your Majesty’s Reign; we your Majesty’s most loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain

in Parliament assembled, think it will be for the Advantage of the Publick to repeal the said Duties on

4 Cyder and Perry, and, in lieu thereof, to grant unto your Majesty the several Duties herein after mention-

4 ed ;’ and therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted y and be it enacted by

the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and determined by the Authority of the same. That from

and after the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, all the Duties granted and im-

posed upon Cyder and Perry, by the said Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, shall

cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that then, and from thenceforth, all the Power*

and Authorities given ind granted, and all the Rules and Regulations establiftied and prescribed by the

said Act made in the third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for or in relation to the managing,

securing, ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying, the said Duties, and all Penalties and

Forfeitures in respect thereof, and also the said Act made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign*

3. " ftialL

