54+ C. 18, 19. Anno nono Oeorgii III. A.D. 1769.

CAP. XVIII.

See to Cco. hi. An Act for amending and further continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Ma-

c* lS‘ jetty’s Reign, intituled, An All to amend and render more effe£lualy in His Majesty's Domi-

nions in America, an Act passed in this present Seffiion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for

punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their

Quarters.

PreambV, reci- « \\ J HEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act

lllfciS. GC° 4 VV to amend and render mbre effectualy in His Majestfs Dominions in America, an A SI pajj'ed in this

4 Prefint Seffiyh of Parliament, intituled, An Act for puniming Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better

* Payment of the Army and their Quarters ; which Act was to continue and be in Force, in all His

4 Majesty’s Dominions in Anteritay from the Twenty-fourth Day of Marchy in the Year of our Lord

4 One thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, until the Twenty-fourth Day of March, One thousand

4 seven hundred and sixty-eight \ and which Act has been further continued by several subsequent Acts

4 of Parliament until the Twenty-fourth Day of March, One thoufanJ seven hundred and seventy : And

c whereas it has been found necessary that the said Act should be continued for a further Term : May it

4 therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and* be it enacted by the

Vherccittfl Art King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

furthcrcontinued poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the

to 24 March, said Act shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twenty-foui th Day of AIarchy One

J771‘ thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

Limitation of II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing contained in this or any

this Act, touch- other Act by this Act continued, tOLUihing'the Quartering His Majesty’s Forces, and the supplying them in

ing the Quarter- their Quarters, and the furnishing Carriageson Marches, and on other necessary Occasions, shall extend or

iu?lMif°tlKrn°rc°tmrued to extend to any Province, Colony, or Plantation, during such Time as any Law of such

in^hrirQuarters,Province, Colony, or Plantation, which shall have received the Confirmation of His Majesty in Council,

»nd furniiiiing * shall be In force, for providing Quarters for his Majesty’s Officers and Soldiers, and for furniftting them

Carriages on jn their Quarters, and for provming Carriages for them on Marches, or dn any other necessary Oo

their Marches. caslon> within such Province, Colony, or Plantation*

Directions with HE Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Troops shall march through or be fta-

respect to pre- tioned in any Place in North Americay it shall and may be lawful for the Civil Magistrates, Select Men,

viding Quarter* or other Person or Persons (appointed by Act of Parliament, or by any Law of such Province, Colony,

forTroops.Cr Plantation, as aforesaid, to'quarter and make Provision for Troops) as likewise for the Officer com-

lSaich1 «s when man<^*nS Troops so marching or stationed as aforesaid, by mutual Agreement, signed by the respective

ItatioreJ in any Parties, to provide Qy^rters for the said Troops, in any Manner most convenient to them and to the

tit cc. Country, any Act orThing to the contrary notwithstanding, so as that no Expence be brought on tht

Crown by such Agreement*

CAP XIX.

An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, opdn Government Securities,

a further Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the common and

general Cash in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court ; and to

apply the Interest arising therefrom, towards answering the Charges of the Office of Ac-

countant-general of the said Court*

KeamMrj r;d- c \T7 HERE AS by an Act of Parliament passed in the Twelfth Year of (he Reign of His late Ma-

imtCuu cs in * *VV jesty King George the Secoqd, intituled, An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay out

AH iz Geo. Hit upcn prcper Securities, any Monies, not exceeding a Sum therein limitedy out of the common and general Ccjb

4 in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Courtyfor the Eofe of the said Suitorsy by applying

4 the interest arising therefrom Jor Answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant-general of the said Court 5

4 a Provision is made for the Support and Maintenance of the Office of Accountant-general of the Court

4 of Chancery, by directing certain Payments to be made in the Manner therein mentioned to the said

4 Accountant-general and his Two Clerks for their Salaries, in Lieu of, and in Recommence for, all

4 Fees whatsoever that Would be due and payable to the fjEiid Office by the Suitors I And whereas b/a-

aQ C-o * not^er Act of Parliament passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled*

lll.c. 3 zi An Act to impower the High Court of Chancery to lay outy upoii prober Securitiesy a further Sum f Moneys

4 not exceeding a Sum therein limitedy out of the common and general Cash in the Bank of England belonging

4 to the Suitors of the said Court 3 and for applying the Inter ft arising therefrom towards answering the Charges

3 4«f

