The TITLES of

75. An Act for vesting an undivided third Part of certain

Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-

ments, situate and being in the City of London, and in

the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, heretofore the Estate

of Susannah Letten Widow, deceased, in certain Truf-

toes, and their Heirs, in Trust, to be sold; and for

paying and applying the Money, to arise by the Sale

thereof, in the Manner therein mentioned.

76. An Act to impower Richard Rycroft Clerk, and his

Issue, claiming under his Marriage Settlement, to grant

Leases of Houses and Grounds, in Clarges Street, in the

County of Middlesex.

77. An Act for vesting several undivided Moieties, and

other Parts, Shares, Hereditaments, and Premiflcs, being

Part of the Estate of John Bond Esquire, and Mary his

Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, discharged of the Uses of

their Marriage Settlement, and inverting the Money

arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to

be settled to the Uses of the fame Settlement.

78. An Act for vesting a Messuage, and divers Lands,

with the Appurtenances, in the County of Hertford,

Part of the Estate comprised in the Marriage Settlement

of Fane Wiliam Sharpe Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold,

ancf for purchasing other Lands and Tenements, to be

settled to the like Uses.

79. An Act for carrying into Execution certain Articles

of Agreement, entered into by George Pitt Esquire, and

his Tenants, of the Manor of Kingston, and John Pitt

Esquire, and by the said George Pitt and John Pitt, for

the Exchange of Lands, in Purbeck, in the County of

Do.* ft.

80. An Act for exonerating Part of the Estate, late of

The mas Be.he Gentleman, deceased, charged With an

Annuity, or clear yearly Rent of one hundred Pounds,

of and from the Payment of the said Rent; and for sub-

ftituting and making liable to the Payment thereof,

01 her Part of the Estate of the said Thomas Beckey of

equal Value.

81. An Act for vesting divers Messuages, Lands, and

Hereditaments, in the County of Norfolk, devised by the

Wills of John JVoodeock and Mary Platfoot, deceased,

in Matthew Pepper Manby, and his Heirs; and for fet~

tling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the fame

County, in lieu thereof, to the Uses therein mentioned.

£2. An Act for Sale of divers Freehold and Copyhold

Lands and Tenements, in the Parish of Sunbury, in the

County of Middlesea-, and of certain Copyhold Lands

in the Parish of Hamfton, in the said County, Part of

the Estate of John Osborne, deceased, unto the Right

Honourable George Earl of Pomfret, pursuant to an

Agreement; and to apply the Purchase-money in dif-

charging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the said

Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

83. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheri-

tance, in Fec-funple, of divers Manors, Lands, and

Hereditaments, in the County of York, demised to Con-

fhmtine Phipps, Esquire, by Letters Patent, under the

Peal of his M ljesty’s Court of Exchequer, unto the said

Corfantihe Phipps, and Constantine John Pbiips% his el deft

Son, upon a lull and adequate Consideration to be paid

for the fame.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-

turcs, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of

Arthingworth, in the County of Northampton.

£$. An Ac! for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-

/non, within the Manor of Dislington, in the County

of Cumberland,

the STATUTES.

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-

mons, within the Manor of Hcrftngham> in the County

of Cumberland.

87. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-

mon Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of East Bark-

with, in the County of Lincoln.

88. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-

mons, in the Manor of Shap, in the County of West-

morland.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-

mons, in the Manor of Reagilly in the County of Weft-

morland.

90. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish

of Farndon, in the County of Nottingham,

91. A tv Act for dividing and inclosing certain Lands,

Grounds, and Commons, in the several Townships of

Adlingjieet, Fockerby, and Haldenby, in the Weft Riding

of the County of York.

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste

Grounds, of and in the Parish of Willerfey, in the County

of Gloucester.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

several Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish

of Castle Sowerby, in the County of Cumberland,

94. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, and

several Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish

of Skelton, in the County of Cumberland.

9". An Act for naturalizing John Koe and George Wolff*

96. An Act for naturalizing Gerrord GoebelI.

97. An Act for vesting several Lands and Tenements,

settled and entailed upon William Earl of Radnor, and

his Issue, by the Wills of Jacoby late Viscount Folkestone%

and Sir Edward Des Bouverie Baronet, deceased, in

Trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing and settling

other Lands and Hereditaments, in lieu thereof; and to

impower the Tenants for Life to make such Leases as

are therein mentioned.

98 An Act for confirming a Partition between the Re-

verend Erasmus Saunders Doctor in Divinity, and Mary

his Wife, and Samuel Royci'ofty the younger, Esquire,

and Ann his Wife, of several Estates in the County of

Lincoln, and for vesting and settling the fame, to the

Uses, and on thcTiults, contained in their respective

Marriage Settlements, with respect to such Estates; and

for other Purposes therein mentioned.

99. An Act for vesting the undivided Parts of several Ma-

nors, MefiTuages, Closes, Lands, Tenements, Tolls, and

other Hereditaments, in the Counties of Leicester and

Northampton, devised by the Will of John Cogan^ Sur-

geon, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for apply-

ing the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of

other Lands, Tenements, a”d Hereditaments, to be set-

tled to the Uses contained in the fiid Will.

too. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of

Richard JFilliomfW) Esquire, in Trullces, to he fold ;

and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, for

reimbursing the said Richard Willi am pm the Expences

he has been at in improving the said Estate, ami other

Purports therein mentioned.

101. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of

Benjamin Booths Tquire, and Jane his Wife, in the

County of Sahp^ in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying

out the Money arising from such Sale, in the Purchase

of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like

Uses.

d 2 102. A*

C.

