200 C. 27,

Anno sexto Georgii III.

A. D. 1766.

4 the several new Streets* Ways, and Passages, are, by the said Act, intended to be designed, made,

* opened, and laid out, are particularly mentioned and described in a Schedule to the said Act also an-

4 nexed, intituled, First Schedule, to which the Ad refers, and the Manner of designing, making, open-

* ing, and lading out the fame, is therein mentioned : And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said

4 Schedules are well and sufficiently referred to by the said Act* and, inconsequence thereof, whether

4 the Powers by the said Act intended to be veiled in the Mayor, Aldermen, ana Commons, of the said

4 City of London, in Common Council assembled, or in a Committee to be by them appointed, for ena-

4 bling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the said City, in Common Council assembled, to effect

4 the Purposes aforesaid, aie, by the said Act, well and sufficiently veiled in the Mayor, Aldermen, and

4 Commons, of the said City, in Common Council assembled, or in a Committee to be by them appointed ;

4 by reason whereof, the further Prosecution of a Delign so useful and beneficial to the Publick, wherein

4 a considerable Progress hath been already made at the Peril and Risque of the Persons concerned therein,

4 is greatly interrupted, and, if an adequate remedy be not applied, may be wholly laid aside : Now, to

4 obviate all Doubts in the Premisses, and to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City,

4 in Common Council assembled, to efted the said Purposes of the said Act, according to the true Intent

4 and Meaning thereof;’ may it please your most Excellent Majoily, that it may be enacted ; and be it

-enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

Mayor, Alder- That from and after the passing of this Act, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London,

men, and Com- in Common Council Assembled, shall have, and /hall be deemed to have. Power and Authority to delign,

«on?, in Com- make, open, and layout, new Streets, Ways, and Passages, in the Parts and Places particularly men-

"flT t*one(l and described in a Schedule to the said recited Act annexed, intituled. First Schedule, to which the

powered to make refers, in Manner in such Schedule mentioned; and also to widen and render more convenient the

the improve- several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, particularly mentioned and described in another Schedule to the said

tnenti mend- recited Act also annexed, intituled. Second Schedule, to which the Ad refers, in Manner in such Second

oned in the Schedule mentioned*

two Schedules

annexed to the recited Att,

ProviHom of

former Act,

relating to

laying out new

Streets, &c. ex-

tended to this.

No Advantage

to be taken of

any Defeat in

former Ad.

Powers veiled in

the Court of

Mayor and Al-

dermen to be

iiolden in the

outer Chamber

of the City.

Jury to afTefi

the Value of

Lands, &c.

II. And be it further enacted. That the several Provisions, Powers, and Authorities, of the said recited

Ad, which respect either the designing, making, opening, or laying out, any new Streets, Ways, or

Passages, or the widening or rendering more convenient any Streets, Lancs, and Passages, not hereby

altered or repealed, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and

Commons, of the said City, in Common Council assembled, to effect the Purposes aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, T iat from and after the passing of this Act, no Advantage shall be

taken of any Mistake or Defect in the said recited Act, touching any Thing in, or in the Reference to

the Schedules thereunto annexed, in any Court of Law or Equity, by any Person whatsoever, against the

Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the said City, in Common Council assembled, their Committees,

Agents, Workmen, Officers, Servants,or Persons acting by or under their Authority, or any other Person

whatsoever.

4 IV. And whereas in and by the said recited Act, the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said

c City are impowered and authorized to issue certain Warrants and Precepts, and to proceed thereon in

4 Manner therein expressed, and to do several other Acts : And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the

4 Powers and Authorities thereby veiled in the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, may be

4 lawfully exercised by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City to be holden in the outer

4 Chamber of the Guildhall of the said City, according to the Custom of the City : And whereas it wo*rid

4 greatly facilitate the Execution of the said Act, if the said last mentioned Court had all the Powers and

4 Authorities by the said Act veiled in the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City be it enacted

by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Court of Mayor and

Aldermen of the said City, to be holden in the outer Chamber of the Guildhall of the said City, according

to the Custom of the said City, shall be, and are hereby impowered and authorized to issue all such

Warrants or Precepts as aforesaid, and to proceed thereon as aforesaid, and to do all other Acts which

the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City might lawfully do by virtue of the said recited Act and

of this Act, subject nevertheless to the Alterations, Rcilridions, and Provisions, herein contained.

4 V. And whereas the Provisions of the said recited Act have been found to be defective, in Cafes

4 where Persons seized or possessed of, or interested, or claiming any Interest in Lands, Tenements, or

4 Hereditaments, necessary to be purchased for the Purposes of the said Act, have not produced and

4 evinced a clear Title to their respective Interests by them claimed, to the Satisfaction of the Mayor, Al-

4 dermen, and Commons, of the said City, in Common Council assembled, or of the Person or Persons

4 by them authorized or appointed, according to the Directions of the said Act:’ Now for Remedy in

the Premisses, and to provide for the speedy Decision of all Controversies touching the Title to any such

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be it further enacted. That from and after the passing of this Act,

when and as often as in any of the Cafes above-mentioned a Jury shall be impanelled, returned, and

sworn, according to the Directions of the said recited Act, such Jury shall inquire of and assess the Value

of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and the proportionable Value of the respective Estate and

Interest of any Person claiming any Estate or Interest therein, or in any Part thereof; and the Court of

Mayor and Aldermen shall thereupon give Judgment, that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed

be the Value of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and of such Estates or Estate, Interests or

Interest; and the Verdict and Judgement as aforesaid (Notice having been duly given according to the

. 5 Directions

^000 le

