A.D. 1768. Anno octavo Georgii III. 0.14,15. 453

* tations Abroad: And whereas it may be expedient that a Number of Troops, not less than Twelve

* thousand Mm, Commissioned and Non-commiihoned Officers included, should be kept within the said

* Kingdom of Ireland\ and for the better Defence of the fame, exclusive of such Regiments on that Hi* Majesty »m-

€ Establishment as are or shall be employed in His Majesty’s said Garrisons and Plantations;’ be it there- powered to wife

fore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-*^

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament all'embled, and by the Authority of the any

fame. That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, to raise and keep up, NumberoiTroop*

on the said Establishment of Ireland, any Number of Troops, confiding only of His Majesty’s natural-not exceeding

born Subjects, not exceeding Fifteen thousand two hundred and thirth-live Men in the Whole* in Time ,^cn

of Peacej any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding. ime 0 cac

CAP XIV.

'An Act for providing proper Accomodations for His Majesty’s Justices of the Great Sessions in.

Walts* during the lime of holding such Sessions.

WHEREAS certain Accommodations are provided for His Majesty’s Justices of Assize uuon Preamble,

their Circuits in England, by the Sheriffs of th£ respective Counties, who are allowed the Ex-

4 pences thereby occasioned in their hills of Cravings in each Year: And whereas it is proper that the

4 like Accommodations should be provided for His Majesty’s Justices of the Great Sessions in the Princi-

4 pality of Wales* during their respective Sessions, by the Sheriffs there; and that such Sheriffs should be

4 rcimbursed the Expencts of providing such Accommodations out of the Land Revenues of the Cr wvn

4 arising within the said Principality, in Manner herein after mentioned ; but some Doubtshaving arifeti,

4 whether, ftncethcAdl made in the Kirft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act A& 1Gco.3c.1v

4 for the Support (f His Majesty s Household* and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain,

4 any Part of the said Revenues can be applied for the said Purnofe without the Authority of Parliament:

4 May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be ensiled \ and be it enacted by the King’s moll

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the Sheriffs of the Sheriffs in iv*le

several Counties in Wales shall, from henceforth, in each of their respective Counties, provide neccessary

Lodging and other Accommodations for His Majesty’s Justices of the Great Sessions, during the Time modl\ionsfor°Hi»

of each respective Session, in like Manner as has been ulually provided determined by the Sheriffs within the several

Counties in England for the Justices of Assize there 5 and that His Majesty may, by any Warrant or of the Gtwt $cf-

Warrants under His Royal Sign Manual, couritcrfigned by the High Treasurer, or any Three or morefionl» duringth*

of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, authorise, during the Continuance of the said Vdive*s'li'a 1

Act made in theFirft Year of His Majesty’s Reign, the Auditor for the Time being of the Land Reve- whLbthcyari

oues of the Crown arising within the Principality of Wales, to allow and pal's all or any of such Charges to be allowed in

as shall, from Time to Time, be made by the respective Sheriffs of the Counties within the said Princi-their Account.,

pality, in the Accounts by them to be delivered into the Oflice of the said Auditor, of Expences incurred

by them respectively in providing necessary Accommodations for His Majesty’s Justices of the Great Sef- the Audi-

fions of Wales, during their Sessions ; and to direct that Certificates shall be delivered by the said Auditor for of the Crowi*

to the said Sheriffs of the Sums so allowed and passed in their Accounts respectively; and also to autho- Revenue* in

rife, during the aforesaid Term? ,t he. Receiver or Receivers General of the said Revenues to pay the Sums a,*ow

so, from Time to Time, certified, ’upon the Produhlion and Delivery to him or them of such respective^nharfcas Jhcicof•

Certificates, without any Fee, Deduction* or Reward whatsoever* to be paid by the Sheriff either to stich and dnc^t that

Auditor or Receiver. Certiuc.ite* be

granted acccrCingly,

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That no greater or larger Sum shall be allowed, Jl hc Charec5 aI-

passed, certified, and paid, than..the Sum of Ten Pounds for or 111 respect of such Accommodations

One County* during or upon^Accpunt of any One such Session.. pea of ftch aS.

coir.aodaticoB iu »ny One County

CAP. XV.

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Transportation of Offenders

Fcmcr Gen.

C I C 2 J.

16 Ceo. II. c. 1 2c.CJc0.II. c.40*

* *\"1 T H E R E A 8 several. Offenders, convicted of Crimes for which they are by Law excluded theprcamiu.

* \^r Benefit of Clergy, are reprieved by.the Judge who tries them, and recommended by him to

* His Majesty’s Mercy; who generally, on such Recommendation, k graciously pleated to extend the

4 fame to them, on Condition of Transportajion to some of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in

* America for Life, or for the Term of Fourteen Years; and such Intention of Mercy, is signified by

* One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State to the Judges at the next Assizes after such Con-

T vidiion, who thereupon order such Offenders to be transported accordingly; And whereas, by this Me.

4 thod

ooooie

