1

122 C, 46. Anno Cjeorgii III. A.D. 1765^

wloin, or Veki. shall find and adjudge any such Appeal to be frivolous or vexatious, it shall and may be lawful to and for

them to give ana adjudge to the Party dr Parties grieved by such Appeal, his or their reasonable Costs ant#

Charges occasioned thereby, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of five Pounds on any one Appeal.

^ XXVI. And. in order to prevent frivolous aftd vexatious Appeals, be it further enacted by the Autho-

rity aforesaid, That a Conviction in the Forth or to the Effect following, Mutatis mutandis, as the Cafe

(nail happen to be, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without dating the

Cafe, or the Fafts or Evidence rn any more particular Manner; (that is to say)

cecdidg 51.

Form of Cdtf-

vi&ioA.

Middlesex, ff.c

E it remembered. That on this

A. B of, &c. was

Day of in the Year

duly convicted Before me C. D. one of his Ma-

‘B ,

4 jesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or before us C. D. and E. F. two

of his Majesty’s Justices Of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex (as the Cafe Jbatl

4 happen to be) for selling Ale or Beer, or other Exciseable Liquors (as the Cafe shallhappen

4 to be) without being duty licensed so to do, according to the Statutes in such Cafe made

' 4 and provided, whereby he, she, or they, has or have forfeited the Sum of

4 this being the first, second, or third Offence (as the Cafe shall happen to be) besides the Costs

and Expences Of this Conviction; which Costs and Expences I the said Justice of the*

# 4 Peace, or we the said Justices of the Peace (ds ihe Cafe shall happen to be) do hereby afeer-

4 tain and assess at the Sum of pursuant to the Statute*

in such Cafe made and provided.

4 Given under my Hand and Seal, or our Hands and Seals (as the Cafe shall happen to bej

the Day and Year above written.*

■ 4 XXVIL And whereas the said last mentioned Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-ninth Year of

the Riign 6f his said late Majesty King George the Second, has not been duly carried into Execution by

1 the Justrces of Peace, and Magistrates of Royal Bofoftghs, in that Part of Great Britain called SeotlancL

and ih other Respects hath been found defeaive and ineffectual j in that Part of the United Kingdom:

Wkertthe J»f- For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of July*-

the Puce 6he thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, in case the Justices of Peace of ahy Shire or Stewaftry, or

the Magistrates of any Royal Borough, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, in this, or any

tdmir and li- facceeding Year, neglect to affenible upon the Days, and at the Time and Places, mentioned in the afore*

confc Retailers said Act, in order to admit and licenie for the Year then next ensuing, such and so marly Persons as their

of Beer, and shall think meet and convenient, to keep Alfe Houses, Tippling Houses, Victualling Houses, or to fell

other Exciseable jjeer> or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail, within their respective Shires, Stewartries, and Bo-

flttoA^ao" roughs, according to the Directions of the aforesaid Act; then, and in that Cafe, it shall be lawful to the

Geo. a.c. 12. Clerk of the Peace of any such Shite dr Stewartry, or his lawful Deputy, and to the Clerk of any such

the Clerks of the Royal Borough, or his lawful Deputy re spectively, and they are hereby required, after making an Entry

Peace,andot\he Record, that the Justices of Peace, or Magistrates aforesaid, had neglected to assemble in purfuarice of.

a^ore^a^ Act, to deliver, to cause to be delivered, to every Person hying or residing within such Shire

Lkesces! UC dr Stewartry, or Royal Borough or Liberties thereof felpeftively, who shall apply for the fame, (unlefa

such Person shall be disqualified to have a Liberty by this or any former Act) a Licence irigrossed, written*^

or printed, upon a Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, stamped as by the aforesaid Act is directed,

being first duly with a Stamp denoting the Payiriertt of the Duty of twenty Shillings, signed by the Clerk of the Peace of

ftaoipt with the such Shire or Stewartry, or the Clerk of such Royal Borough, or their lawful Deputies refoeCtively; for

act. Dutyj each of which Licences there shall be paid and payable the Sums mentioned in the aforesaid Act, and 119

and they are more; and which Licences so signed and delivered by the Clerk of the Peace of any Shire or Stewartry,

thereupon intb* or the Clerk of any Royal Borough, dr their lawful Deputies respectively, shall be, to all Intents and Pur- -

tied to the cuf. p0fes, as good and effectual to the Receiver or Receivers thereof, as if the fame had been allowed, granted,

ternary Fee*. anj fjgnej^ jn a Meeting of the Justices of Peace of such Shire or Stewartry, or of the Magistrates of

such Royal Borough; any thing in the aforesaid Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Where It shall be XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Justices of the Peace of any

necessary, the Shire or Stewartry, or the Magistrates of any Royal Borough, assembled, upon the Days appointed by'

Justices meeting the aforesaid Act for executing the Powers thereby committed to them, shall find it necessary^ it shall ana

tfthe ftidAa may for them ta continue or adjourn their Meeting to the next lawful Day, and no longer;,

may continee or and in case the Justices of Peace of any Shire or Stewartry, or the Magistrates of any Royal Borough,

adjourn their shall not, upon one or other of these Days, completely execute the Powers committed to them by the

Meeting to the aforesaid Act, by allowing or refusing the Petition or Claim of every Person within their several Districts,

next lawful Day; who shall apply to them for a Licence to fell Ale, Beer, or other Exciseable Liquor by Retail; then, and

Bufintf* as fliaU *n ^at Cafe, it (br.ll be lawful to the Clerk of the Peace of such Shire or Stewartry, or his lawful Deputy,

not be then com- a°d to the Clerk of such Royal Borough, or his lawful Deputy respectively, and they are hereby required,

pJered, the after making an Entry or Record that the said Justices of Peace, or Magistrates, bad not completely

Clerks of the executed the Powers committed to them by the aforesaid Act, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to every

peace»*c* aie Person who shall have so applied to the Justices of Peace, or Magistrates aforesaid, and upon whose Ap-

to nl plication no Deliverance or Ord«r shall have been made as aforesaid, a Licence duly signed by such Clerk

»nd the Licences above directed; which shall be as good and effectual to the Receiver thereof, as if the fame had been

,r0 granted are allowed, granted, and assigned, in a Meeting of the said Justices or Magistrates respectively; any Thing in

valid j the aforesaid Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX*

