A. D. 1769.

Anno nono Georgii III.

C. 28.

595

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to permit the Inhabitants of Jersey and Guernf to export directly from thence to(^*J,^'/A"”*

Newfoundland, or the British Colonies in America, Goods nectflary for the Fishery, under

certain Restrictions; and to import from thence Non-enumerated Goods (except Rum) and jf'A c4! 2. c!

to land the fame in the said Islands. 14.29 Gto. 2. c.

23. 30 Geo. 2.c«

3°.

WHEREAS by an A& made in the Fifteenth Year of theRcign of His late Majesty King Charles y^camble, re<it-

the Second, intituled. An Act for the Encouragement of Trade, it is, amongst other Things, enadt-in8c}aufes*nAA

ed, That no Commodity of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Europe, shall be imported in-*5 tar*II. c. 7*

to any Land, Island, Plantation, Colony, Territory, or Place, to His.Majesty belonging, or which

Par 11 hereafter belong unto, or be in the Post'tffion of, His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, in Asia>

Africa, or America, (except as therein is excepted) but what shall be bona fide, and withoutFraud, laden

and shipped in England or Wales., or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, under the Penalties in the said

Act mentioned : And whereas by an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, aid 4. Geo. lit

any Officer of His Majesty’s Customs is impowered to itop any British Ship or Vefiel arriving from any

Part of Europe, which shall be di(covered within two Leagues of the Shore of any of the British Colo-

nies or Plantations in America, and to leize and take from thence, as forfeited, any Goods (except such

as in the said Act are mentioned) for which the Matter or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or

Veiled fhdl not produce a Cockct or Clearance from the Collector or proper Officer of His Majesty’s

Customs, certifying that the said Goods were laden on board the said Ship or Vessel in foine Part of Great

Britain: And whereas the Fishing Trade carried on by the Inhabitants of Jersey and Guernsey at New-

foundland, and other of the British Colonies and Plantations in North America, is highly beneficial to this

Kingdom, in the employing g eat Numbers of Seamen and Ships, and in the Use and Consumption of

great Quantities of British Manufactures ; and it is therefore expedient, for the Encouragement of that

Trade, to permit the said Inhabitants of Jersey and Guernsey to export directly from thence such Articles

as a e necessary for their carrying on the said Fishery: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that

it ^ay be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual *nd Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons inhabiting inhabitant* of

in the said Islands of Jersey or Guernsey, to ship and lade in the said Hlands, and to transport dircdfcJy from Jcrley jrGuemfcy

thence to Newfoundland, or to any other of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, where the

Ihery is now or shall hereafter be carried on, on board any Ship or Vessel whicu may lawfully trade there, otne^Bn ini*

any Sort of Craft, Food, Victuals, Cloathing, or other Goods, fit and necessary for the Fishery in those An-.eiitan Colo-

Parts, or for the Use and Support of the Mariners or other Persons employed on ooard the Vessels, or onnies, Goods of

Shore, in carrying on the said Fishery there; such Craft, Cloathing, or other Goods, being the Grow;h,th#e G,owtfl or

Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, or of the said Islands of Jersey or Guernsey, and such Food orcrcTt^lBritaTn0^

Victuals being of the Growth or Produce either of Great Britain, Ir Lind, or the said Islands of Jersey orrccess\ry i0r the

Guernfy; any thing in the said Acts, or any Law or Statute, to the contrary notwithstanding. Fifliny;

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and cnadb.d by the Authority aforesaid. That the upon producing a

Matter or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vefiel shall produce, to the proper Officer of the CVrt scale so :h*

Customs in the Colony or Plantation where lie shall arrive, a Certificate, tinder the Fan I and Seal of the^}cJn

Governor, Lieutenant or Deputy Governor, or Commander in Chfcf for the Time being, that Oath h.id(}1JC tin*Good*,

been made by the Shipper of such Goods before the Magistrates of the Royal Courts in Jersey or G turn fey, kc.m ot fuel*

’.vas taken in his Pretence ; and on Failure cf producing such Certificate as herein before directed, fuchreiture.

Craft, Food, Visuals, Cloathing, or other Goods, found on board any Ship or Vessel, and the Vefiel

importing the fame, shall be liable to be seized and forfeited in the same Manner as they would have been

subject and liable if this Act had not been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary not-

withstanding.

k III. And whereas by an Act made in (he Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Cl wfc in A & t

4 An Act for repealing certain Duties in the Brit; (h Colonies and Plantations granted by sever al Acts of Par Ha-tieo* III. c. 51*

f ment; and also the Duties imposed by an Act made in the last Sefion of Parliament upon certain Latt India Goods

4 exported from Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in.;, cad thereof; and fir encouraging, regulating,

* andfecuringfeveral Branches of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the Brititti Dominions in America; it is

* amongst other Things, enacted, that Bond and Security, in the Penalties in the said recited Adlmention-

4 ed, shall be given to the Collector or other Principal Oificerofthe Customs at any Port or Place in any of

4 tbtBritish American Colonies or Plantations, with One Surety besides theMasterof every Ship or VefieL

4 that shall lade or take on Board there any Non-enumcrated Goods, with Condition that such Goods shall

* not be landed at any Part of Europe to the Northward of Cape Fiwjlerre, except in Great Britain ; which ana 7 Geo. lit.

4 G 4 Exceptionc*

C.

