A.D. 1765.

Anno sexto Georgii TIF.

C. 14. 157

managing, railing, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, and recovering, the tic*, si»a Pr«vl-

Duties on Cyder or Perry. *on*»as 0

J m Dealers and Re-

taJcn,

XIV. And, for preventing any Disputes that may arise touching the charging the Duties on Cyder and Cyder and

Ferry, it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Cyder or Perry made in Greet Pcoy made in

Britain, in no Cate w hat foe ver shall pay or be chargeable with more than sixteen Shillings and eight Pence GrCJt

per Hogshead, whether the Duties, or any of them, chargeable thereon, {hall arise by virtue of this or any

former or other Act or Acts of Parliament. u y

Bd.perHogfaead,

4 XV. And whereas great Frauds have been committed by Dealers in, and Retailers of Cyder or Perry,

by fending and removing, or causing or procuring to be sent or removed, great Quantities of Cyder and

Perry from the Makers thereof, immediately to the Person or Persons who contract for the fame with,

7 or order the fame from, such Dealers in, or Retailers of Cyder or Perry , whereby the Duties thereon

4 have not been charged, as such Cyder and Perry never comes into the Possession of such Dealers or Re-

4 tuilers, and the like Frauds may be committed by such Factors and Agents, if prm>er Provision is not

4 made for prevention thereof;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after Dcalm, Rctai!-

the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Rc- or

tailer or Retailers of, Cyder or Perry, or any such Fador or Fadors, Agent or Agents, shall remove or ^rt'^pcm frorri

fend, or cause or procure to be removed or sent, any Cyder, or Perry, from the Maker or Makers thereof, the Maker to the

to the Person or Persons buying or contracting for, or ordering the fame, without the Duties thereon have ConuaOor, *c.

been first charged, and without a Certificate to accompany the fame, signed by the proper Officer of Excise without the Du-

(which Certificate he is hereby required to give, without Fee or Reward, to the Person or Persons desiring *'

the fame) signifying the Quantity of Cyder or Perry so sent or removed, and the Number of Casks or other a r ca c*

Package containing the fame, and that the Duties due thereon had been charged for the fame; every such

Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of, Cyder or Perry, or Fador or Fadors, or Agent or Agents, forfeit 501,

icfpedively, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XVI. Provided always, and be It enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties by this Act These Dutiesur

imposed upon Cyder and Perry, shall and may be drawn back on the Exportation of such Cyder and Perry, to be drawn back,

by the fame Means and Methods, and under the same Rules and Directions, as the other Duties, or any on ElPorut,on^

of them, now payable for Cyder or Perry, may be drawn back on the Exportation thereof; and also that

the fald Duties on Cyder and Perry granted by this Act, {hall be drawn back or allowed upon the Distil- DiifcJUtior»j<

lation of Cyder and rerry into Low Wines and Spirits, by the fame Means and Methods, and under the

same Rules and Direction6, as the other Duties or any of them, now payable for Cyder or Perry, may be

drawn back or allowed upon the Distillation thereof: And in case any Cyder or Perry which hath been »Ho where-

charged with, and hath paid the said Duties or any of them, granted by this Act, {hall hereafter, by be- Gxdcror p«,ry

ing unfit for Sale as Cyder or Perry, be charged with the Duties on Vinegar, it shall be lawful for three or stteTffuch'and;

more of the Commissioners of Excise for the time being, or two Justices of the Peace within their.respec- shall be charged

live Jurisdictions, on Proof that such Cyder or Perry hath been charged with, and paid the said Duties, or with the Duties,

any of them, granted by this Act, and that the fame Cyder or Perry hath also been charged with the Duty on Vinegai.-

©□ Vinegar, to discharge or allow such of the Duties granted by this Act, as shall have been charged there-

on. which they are hereby required to do.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if from and after the said fifth Day penalty of ot>-

of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall allault, refill, struain* officer*«

oppose, molest, or hinder, any Officer or Officers of Excise, in the due seizing or securing of any Cyder or >n the Execution.

Peny, which, by any Officer or Officers of Excise, shall or may be seized by virtue or in pursuance of this of their Duty

Ad, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities by this Act given or granted, or shall by Force

or Violence refeue, or cause to be refeued, any Cyder or Perry, after the fame mall have been seized by or rescuing or

such Officer or Officers, as aforesaid, or shall attempt, or endeavour so to do, or after such Seizure, shall flavin* Cyder or.

ftavc, break, or otherwise destroy or damage, any Casks, Vessels, or Package, wherein the fame shall be or Perrr».atter

contained; all and every the Party or Parties so offending shall, for every such Offence respectively, for- Scl2ur*>

leit and lose the Sum of forty Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Autho- powen, Ac. of

rities. Rules, Methods, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act Art ta’csr, a.,

made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, 4 An Act for taking away c« *4*

the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and

for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof,* or by any other Law now in Force relating to his or any other Adr

Majesty’s Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are provided, settled or established, for relatingto the

securing, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, Revenue of Ex.

or ascertaining, the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing.

Frauds relating thereto (not otherwise altered by this Act) shall be exercised, pradiled, applied, used, 1

imposed, levied, recovered, and put in Execution, for the securing, enforcing, maraging, railing, levying,

collecting, paying, mitigating, and adjudging, ascertaining, and recovering, the Duties on Cyder and rerry

and Penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, deteding, and punching. Frauds relating thereto, as fully

and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Direc-

tions, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated*

and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XI A. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Fine*, PeiuWev.

imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, and Me-’

theds, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any Law or jefied# cor ’

Laws gated, si

