if'*

/ 5 -

C. 28.

Anno decimo Georgii Ifl.

A.D. 1770.

In may be

xn^ie.

Te» impowerMa-'

,/iflraus of Ko-

■f'.nahs. Sic. to

moke Atietf-

For paying the

Expences of the

Act.

paid, by the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said County, to the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid, or

10 such Person or Persons as they shall by Order of Court appoint to receive the same; and the Receipt of

such Justices, or of such Person or Persons as shall be so appointed, shall be a full and sufficient Discharge

to such Treasurer or Treassurers for the Payment of such Monies.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Parochial

Officers, or other Persons who shall pay, or be liable to pay the Rates or Assessments which shall be made

and rated for the Purpose of this Act, upon any Parish, Town, Borough, Liberty, or Place; and also

all such Parochial Officers and Persons, upon whom any such Rate or Assessment fh.ll be levied; shall

and may, from Time to Time, after Notice shall be given of the Amount of the Rate or Assessment upon

such Town, Parish, or Place, either before the Payment thereof by such Parochial Officers or Persons,

or after the fame shall have been actually paid by, or levied upon, such Officers or Persons, rate and levy

such Monies by a separate and distindt Rate and Assessment upon every such rTpedfive Town, Parish*,

Town Corporate, or Place, in such Manner and Proportion, and with such Powers for recovering thereof,

as any other County Rate may be assessed or levied.

VIII. And whereas there are several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, and other distindt Juris-

dictions within the County of Essex aforesaid, in which the Justices acting in the Commission of the

4 Peace for the said County have no Power or Authority be it enacted, That the Justices or other Ma-

gistrates acting hi and for the Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, and offier distindt Jurisdictions,

-aforesaid, shall assess a Sum or Sums of Money, in the fame Proportion as the Justices of the County

assess; and in like Manner, when collected and received, shall pay the fame to tnc Treasurer or Trea-

furers of the County aforesaid; who shall account for it to the Justices of the County, in the fame Man-

ner as for the Money received in the County at Large; and that nothing in this Act /hall give the Justices

of the County any Power or Authority in the Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, or other distindt

JurisdicHons, which they had not before,

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Charges and Expences as have

b:*en or fh.dl be sustained or expenJed, in or about procuring this present Act of Parliament, shall (in the

First Place) be satished and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and

that after such Charges and Expences, and the Charges of erecting, completing,' and finishing, the said

Gaol and Buildings, and all Debts incurred thereby,'and all other Monies to be paid in pursuance of

-this Act, shall be fully paid aneb satisfied, the Surplus of the Monies to be raised and levied by virtue

of this Act, shall, by Order of the said Justices assembled in their General or Quarter-sessions as afore-

said, be paid into the publick Stock of the said County, and be deemed and taken, and shall and may

be applied and paid as Part of the Common Stock, to and for such Uses as the County Stock can or may

be applied.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case all the Charges and Expences of obtaining

and passing this Act shall not be paid within Six Months next after the passing of the farre, the TreTurcr

of the said County of Essex fh.Jl, and is hereby required, within One Month after the Expiration of the

said Six Months, to pny and defray all such Charges and Expences; and the said Justices arc hereby autho-

ril’cd and required to allow the fame in the said Treasurer’s Accounts.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That some l ime between the First Day of Qflobtr

nude up annual- an^ l^e *n every Tear, a fair and just Account shall be made and wrote out of all the Monies received

Iy. / and paid by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, and how, and to whom, and when, and for what Pur-

poses the fame have been laid out, paid, and expended; a Copy or Duplicate of which Account, signed

by the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall be depofued with the Clerk

of the Peace of the said County for the Time being, to be kept among the Records of the Sessions of the

Peace; who shall permit any Person so taxed as aforesaid to inspedt the fame at all feasonable Times, pay-

ing Sixpence for such Infpcdtion; and shall. upon Demand, forthwith give Copies of the fame, or any

Part thereof, to such Person, paying at the Rate of Twelve-pence for every One hundred Words, and so

in proportion for any greater or lester Number.

Ptrfcm aggrrev- XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who shall apprehend themselves overcharged,

«d may appeal to or otherwise aggrieved, by any Assessment or other Act to be made or done by virtue of this present Act, may

the Oerter- appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at their next Quarter-sessions held for the said County after

sessions. Demand of the Monies assessed, or after such other Act done; who shall and may make such Order therein,

as to them, or the major Part of them then and there present, shall seem meet.

{.imitation «f XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-

Aftitns. mcnced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit

fftall be brought and commenced within Six Calendar Menths next after the Fadt committed, and nor

afterwards; and shall be laid and-brought in the County of Essex> and not elsewhere; and the Defendant

Ctncral I flue, or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Ifiue, and give this Act, and the

Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be-

come Nonsuit,.or discontinue such Action or Suit; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against

T:cb> Costs. the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have

such Remedy for such Costs as any other Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in any other

Cafes by Law.

Act. XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a

Publick Act: and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, shall take Notice thereof as such without fpc-

ci.iily pleading the same.

The Treafxrrerof

the Counry of

Essex to pay the

Expences of this

Act, if not paid

within Six

Months.

Actounts to be

CAP.

