A/D. 1769.

.. (

Anno nono Georgii III.

County of Dr.

To Cash received of *)

the Regimental or Bat- I

talion Clerk, or

Receiver General (as the V

Cafe shall be) for

Days Pay of Men

Per Contra Cr.

By my Pay as Captain

Paid Lieutenant

Paid Ensign

Paid Militia Men?

'Days ,5

Paid additional Pay to I

Corporals Days J

'C.40* 625

Which Account shall be signed by the said Captain, and countersigned by the Commanding Officer; and to tc signed by

such Captain shall, within Ten Days after the Time such Exercise is finished, deliver such Account, and ^re^;cadndbco^

pay the Balance, if there be any due, to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk; or, if Captain of an Inde-commandingOf-

pendant Company, to the Receiver General: And such Accounts shall be. allowed as sufficient Vouchers ficer,

in the passing of the Accounts of such Receiver General, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer. and delivered,

with the Balance, to the Clerk, or Rrceiver-general. Accounts allowed Sufficient Voucher*.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Com-During the Time

cany of Militia, is or shall be embodied, and called out into actual Service, and thereby the Officers and the Trc?ps *re

Private MilitiaMen are or shall be intitled to the fam^Pay as the Officers and Private Men in His Majesty’s^j^’^

other Regiments of Foot receive, all Pay from the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land l ax fortual Service, and

the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company of MilitiareceivePay as me

shall belong, whether to the Adjutants, Serjeants, Private Militia Men, or others; and all Money al-KinK’solherFor“

lowed as aforesaid for the contingent Expences of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company

of Militia; apd also the Allowance to the Clerk of such Regiment or Battalion; shall, during such Time th^Received-ge-

of actual Service, and until such Regiment, Battalion, or independant Company, shall be disembodied, nerai aretoceafe.

and return Home, cease and not to be paid.

XII. And.be it enacted, That the said Receiver or Receivers of the Land Tax shall pay to the Clerk ofR*ccive,s-sen*-

^he General Meetings his Allowance at the Rate of Five Pounds Five Shillings for each Meeting, upon

producing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from His Majesty's Lieutenant, or from Three Deputy Lieu- of ^

tenants assembled at some General Meeting or Meetings; and shall also pay to each and every of theClerks of Meeting, and to

the Subdivision Meetings their several Allowances, at the Rate of One Pound One Shilling for eachthe ck;: 11 the

Meeting, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from One or more Deputy Lieutenant or Me-i'in^u on

Deputy Lieutenants, assembled in the several Subdivision Meetings; which said Order or Orders

be to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of n-om the Leute-

such Allowances, and be allowed in his or their Account. nant or Deputy.

*’ lieutenant*. Ordert to d'scharge Re- ceivers-general.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia, Regimental and

shall give Security to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, OrBatta,i0" Clerk*

Place, to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, by a Bond to His Majesty in the Penalty of^yineandic-

Onc Half of the Sum required for the whole Year’s Charge of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to counting for the"

which such. Clerk shall belong, for duly answering and paying such Sums as he shall; from Time to Monies received

Time, have received, and for duly accounting for the fame, and for Performance of the Trust hereby inbythcmJ

him reposed; which laid Bond shall be lodged in the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers General or the the Bwds to be-

Land Tax for the respective County, Riding, or Place, who, in case the said Regimental or Battalion lodged with the

Clerk shall not duly perform the Conditions comprized in the said Bond, shall, and is hereby required Rcccivrrs-«ci c-

forthwith to put the said Bond in Suit in the Name of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors; the Full?1.’|JndKput m

Coftsand Charges of which Suit, m case Judgement shall be given aeainst such Regimental or BattalionNoi»pCTfor^n°ce

Clerk, shall be paid by him to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, who shall like-#f the Conditi-

wife be intitled to, and receive to his or their own Use, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum out of all such°™»

Monies as shall be by him 01^ them recovered thereon; and shall account for the Residue thereof withand the£ are in’

the proper Auditor of His Majesty’s Revenue ; the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax ™ Full Vofis’ard

charging himself or themselves therewith, upon the next Account of the Land Tax to be by him orchards, and 51.

them paHed. per Cent, of the

Money recovered ; the Residue to be accounted for to the Auditor.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, and the Captain Thr Regimental

of every Independant Company of Militia, in every County, Riding, and Place, within the Part of Greats B.ttaii n

Britain aforesaid, shall, between the Twenty-fifth Day of March 2nd the Twenty-fourth Day of Jur.c;\ anoCa?‘

One thoufapdTeven hundred and sixty-nine,. deliver to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land-^ts

Tax for the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independant Company arC to d?:i^r

shall belong, a fair Account in Writing, of all Monies by him received and disbursed for the Service of Accounts fOl'dr

the preceding Year, in pursuance of this Act, with proper Vouchers for the fame; and shall pay backRc‘ciPts r*

to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land 'Fax, any Surplus of such Monies that shall then

be in his Hands; which said Accounts signed by such Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or by such CaptainLme'to-he

Vot. X. 4L of

