A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 27. 63

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if all the said Three Instruments shall One of thefn-

not be produced before the said Privy Council as aforesaid; then any one or two of the said Instruments 1° ^odu"-"

produced, fn ill be eft'cdlual to give such Authority as aforesaid to the Person and Persons iucccllively therein

respectively named. p:ve Authority

to the Perfvn nominated Regent#

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts of Regal Power, Prerogative, All Aflsof Re-

Government, or Administration of Government, of what Nature or Kind soever, which shall be done or ^r^han*

executed by any King or Queen so succeeding as aforesaid, under his or her respective Age of eighteen l)V conk-re. ani

Years, during the Regency established by this Act, otherwise than by and with the Consent and Authority Authority of the

of the said Regent, in the Manner, and according to the Directions of this Act set forth and preicribed; Rrpcr.t,declared

fh.itI be absolutely null and void to all Intents and rurposes. vo,d*

IX. And be it fur;her enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to atfift the said Regent in the Council of Re-

A immigration of the Government, there shall be, during the Time that furh Succcflor or Succdfors genev piUUifted

respectively shall be under the Age of eighteen Years, a Council to be called Tloe Council of R>gencvy which TO a('u*lat Kc“

shall consist of their Royal Highncfles his Majesty’s Brothers, Edward Augustus Duke of York and Albany^ *>cnt#

Wiliam Hewy Duke of Gloucester and Edinburgh, Prince Henry Frederick, and Prince Frederick 1111 otny

ar.d his Royal Highness his Majesty’s Uncle William Augustus Duke of Cumberland^ (the fJJ Prince Henry

Frederick and Prince Frederick William to be Members of the said Council of Regency when they shall

respedtively attain the Age of twenty-one Years, and not sooner) and also of the Persons and Officers fol-

lowing; that is to say, The Archbishop of Canterbury ior the time being; the Lord Chancellor or Lord

Keeper, or the first Commissioner named in any Commission then fubfiitin^ for the Custody of the Gieat

Seal of Gieat Britain for the time being; the Lord Treasurerof Great Britain, or the first Commissioner

named in any Commission then fubfilling for executing that Office for the time being; the Lord President

of the Council for the time being; the Lord Privy Seal for the tirrrc being; the Lord High Admiial of

Great Britain, or the first Commissioner named in any Commission then fubfilling for executing that Odice

for the time being; the two principal Secretaries of State for the time being; and the Lord Chief Justice

of the Court of Ring's or Queen s Bench for the time being: And if it shall happen that all or any of their ,

said Royal Highncfles Edward Augustus Duke of York and Albany, Wiliam Henry Duke of Ghucr/ler and Khg^Brother*

Edinburgh, Prince Henry Frederick, Prince Frederick William, and William Augustus Duke of Cumberland, Pr j‘;, uncle,

shall depart this Life during the Reign of his present Majesty; or if any of them fbnll be nominated and shall die, during

appointed by his Majesty, to be the said Regent of the Kingdom immediately on the Demise of his Majesty, his Majesty'*

while such bucccflor shall be under the Age of eighteen Years; then, and in any of such Cafes, it shall and

may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by three Instruments under his Royal S?gn Manual, revocable at his Region*his

Will and Pleasure, from time to time, to nominate and appoint some one Person, being a natural born Denufe;

Subjcdt of this Realm, to be a Member of the said Council of Regency, in the Room or Place of each and his Majesty, by

every of their said Royal Highnesses so dying, or being constituted immediate Regent as aforesaid; which 3 Instruments

said three last mentioned Instruments shall be sealed up and deposited in the same Manner, and with the

fame Persons, as is herein before directed, with respect to the three first mentioned Instruments, which shall

contain his Majesty’s Nomination and Appointment of the Regent aforesaid; and the Person and Persons aforesaid, and re-

with whom the said three last mentioned Instruments shall be deposited, their Executors and Administrators, vocable at P.ea-

shall respectively keep, dispose of, and produce the fame unopened, in such and the same Manner, to such f°,e. may aP-

and the fame Persons, at such and the fame Times and Places, and under such and the fame Penalties, as

are herein before specified, directed, and enacted, with respect to the said three first mentioned Inftiumeius, the Council -°

which shall contain his Majesty’s Nomination and Appointment of the Regent aforesaid. and such inftVu-

ncoti of Nomination are to be produced unopened to the Privy Council.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Council of Regency shall, from The Council it

time to time, meet and fit as the said Regent for the time being shall he pleased to direct; and that any five to n eft a# rhc

of the said Council, hut not any less Number, being so act'embled, shall be sufficient to act as such Council

of Regency; and all Acts to be done by a major Part of the Council so aficmbltd, shall be deemed to be [ufccr/it*i» »ot

Acts of the Council of Regency, excepting in such particular Cafes wherein it is other wise provided by olherw i,r fpcci-

Lhis Act. ahy prr viued)

may act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Regent for the time being, before An Oath of Of*

he or she shall act or enter upon the said Office of Regent, or within one Calendar Month after, shall take to be

the fallowing Oath of Office j that is to say, \fcn h>tbc

Regent i

€ T A. B. do solemnly promise and swear. That I will truly and faithfully execute the Oifice of Regent

€ X of the Kingdom of Great Britain, according to an Act of Parliament rrnde in rhc li rh Year of the

4 Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Ael to provide for the Adminijlt at'nn f thm Go-

4 ver twenty in uje the Crown should defend to any of the Children of his Majesty, bring aider th Ae f

4 eighteen Years% and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons; and that I will administer the Govern-

4 ment of this Realm, and of all the Dominions thereunto belonging, according to the Laws, Custom%

and Statutes thereof; and will in all Things, to the utmoftof my Power and Ability, consult and mdn-

4 tain the Safety, Honour, and Dignity, of his or her (as the Cije fioaih equit c) iWajdlv, and the WcIRrc

4 of hi* Of hex (as the Cafe shall require) People.

Sr hip me GODd

’ ‘ And

