492 C. 29.

Anno octavo Georgii III,

A.D. 176?.

1763.

87^,0001,

by to 0i9.

875,0001.

c One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, be redeemed and paid offon the Fifth Day of July following;

and that such Part of the said Capital Stock as shall remain after the said Fifth Day of July, be re-

4 deemed and paid off in Manner following; that is to say, One Half of such remaining Part of the said

4 Capital Sock, on the Tenth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight; and the other

4 Half, being the Residue of such Capital Stock, on the Fifth Day of January, One thousand (even

c hundred and sixty-nine; and several Publick Notices have been given of the said Refoiutions by the

x Speaker of the ffoufe of Commons, pursuant to the Orders of that House: Therefore, Your faithful

4 Commons, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that it may beenadted;’ and be it en. died by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

Notices plven b> poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

the Syc-ker, lor such Notice as aforesaid shall be, and be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, good and sufficient Notice

R«‘ma?n?iero?fheanc^ ^ot^ces» within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, for the Redemptions, at the Times

Joint Stock of aforesaid, of such Part of the said Capital and Joint Stock as remained unredeemed after the said Fifth

annuiti.s, efta. Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and of the Annuities attending thereon

bhflied by there- and the lame shall be redeemable and redeemed accordingly.

c.ted Aclof5Gco, in as renamed nnredeemed on 5 Jav 1768, deemed good -,nd sufficient.

The foil wing II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Sup-

so th^ihlnk^our£rantec* m l^'s Session of Parliament (except any particular Aid or Supply which hath been, or

of the Supplies *n l^e fame Section specially and entirely appropriated to any One particular Use or PurposeJ

granted this Sef- there shall and may be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on or

/Tonj vU. on or before the Times herein after limited, the following respective Sums of Money for the Purposes herein after

5 3ulf' (mentioned; that is to say. On or before the Fifth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-

eight, the Sum of Eight hundred and seventy-five thousand Pounds for redeeming on that Day One

Thiid Part of the said Sum of Two millions six hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, being the

Remainder, after the said Fifth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, of the said

Capital and Joint Stock; and on or before the Tenth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and

sixty-eight, a like sum of Eight hundred and seventy five thousand Pounds, for redeeming on the said

Tenth Day of October, One other Third Part of said Sum of Two millions six hundred and twenty-

five thousand Pounds; and on or before the Fifth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and

sixty-nine, a like Sum of Eight hundred and seventy-nve thousand Pounds, for redeeming on the said

17 9> Fifth Day of January, the remaining Part of the said Capital and Joint Stock: Which respective Sums

The Money iffii shall be applied by the fame Governor and Company in Payment of the faiJ Three Sums of Eight hun-

«d to be applied dred and seventy-five thousand Pounds each, for the' Redemption, and in full Satisfaction of the said

\>y the Bank in reTpeftive Parts of the said Capital and Joint Stock, on or before the respective Days herein before

\th.e mentioned for redeeming and paying off the fame.

Money to i*?f- III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the said Fifth Day of

fnedattheExche- July, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, the said Tenth Day of October, One thousand seven

v quer out of the hundred and sixty-eight, and the said Fifth Day of Jftnuary, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-

n<Vf° respectively, there shall and may be issued and paid at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to

charging iheVn- Governor and Company of the Bank of England, out of the Surplusses, Excelies, or Overplus-

Tiuicies attending monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund, such Sums of Money, as shall be necessary for the Discharge

such Part of the of the Annuities attending such Part of the said Capital and Joint Stock, as shall be redeemed on each

/aid Capital, arQf the said Days, to every such Day re'peftively inclusive; wtych Sums shall be applied by the said Go-

rcdcem" vernor and Company in Payment of such Annuities stccoidingly* at the fame Time that the respective

And the said An- Parts of the said Capital and Joint Stock so to be redeemed, (nail be discharged and satisfied; and that

anities are to such Annuities, in respect of each Part of thfe said Capi&l and Joint Stock, (nail cease, determine, and

cease from the he extinguMhed. from the Time of the Redemption thereof respectively; and that th? Payment of all the

T,m*s°rf^eem- Annuities which shall become due on the Tenth Day of Qflober, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-

ing t em. eight, upon Account of such Part of the said Capital and Joint Stock as shall remain, and shall not then

Such as shall be- be redeemed and paid off, shall, together with the Charges of the Management of all the said Annuities,

d“*on Rafter the Fifth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, be, and the fame are hereby

The' charg«Wof barged upon, and shall be payable and paid out of, the said Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, to

Management,are lhe said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, who shall apply the Monies so issued in Pay-

to be |»id nut of ment of such Part of the said Annuities accordingly. . ,

theSinkingFund, to the Bank.

and the Monies IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies which are by this Act

for these Purpo- authorised or appointed to be paid out of the said Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall and

b5T1 o*d ffUCfma^5 ky Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the High

Treasury,f*Cnd° rea^urcr for Time being, without any farther or other Warrant to be had in that Behalf, be issued

paid over to the and paid at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to the said Governor and Company, out of the

Bank by Way of said Fund, by way of Imprest and upon Account, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such

Japrcft, Sums of Money as have been charged thereon by any Act or Acts mkde in any former Session of Parlia-

ment; but in Preference to any Sum or Sums directed to be paid thereout by any Act Of this Session of

Parliament,

V. Provided

