The TITLES of

Reign, in respect of several Navy, VictualKng, and

Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

22. An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals

in the Ports ofNewcastle and Sunderland.

23. An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, jfn Ail for repealing fsvetal Laws

relating to the Manufacture rf Woollen Cloth in the County

of York ; and also so much of several other Laws as pre-

scribes particular Standards of width and Length of such

Woollen Cloths ; and for substituting other Regulations of

the Cloth Trade within the Weft Riamgof the said County ;

for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the Cloth 5

and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture at

the Foreign Market.

24. An Act for paving the Streets and Lanes within the

Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts ad-

jacentr in the County of Surrey; and for cleansing,

lighting, and watching, the fame; and also the Courts,

Yards, Alleys, and Passages,adjoining thereto; and for

preventing Annoyances therein.

25. An Act for better regulating Apprentices, and Persons

working under Contraft.

*6. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and enlight-

ening, the City of London, and the Liberties thereof;

and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances within

the fame ; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

the Powers of an Act made in the thirty-third Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for

widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages* within the

City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for opening

certain new Streets and Ways within the same; and for

ether Purposes therein mentioned.

'*8. An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign

Wrought Silks and Velvets, for a limited Time; and

for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen

employed in the Silk Manufacture.

*2gi An Act to prevent the fraudulent marking of Frame-

work Knitted Pieces, and Stockings.

30. An Act for applying the Money granted in this Sef-

lion of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay

and Cloathing of the Militia of that Part of Great Bri-

tain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-

fifth Day of March, one thousand seven Hundred and

sixty-six ; and for explaining, amending, and rendering

mote effieftual, several Acts of Parliament passed in the

second, fourth, and fifth Years of the Reign of his

present Majesty, relating to the rarfing and training

the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called

England.

31. An Act for taking down and removing certain Light-

houses now standing near the Spurn Point, at the Mouth

of the Humber, and for erecting other fit and convenient

Light-houles instead thereof.

.32. An Act to extend an Act made in the fourth Year of

the Reign of King GEoRGEthe First, intituled, An Act

for the further preventing Robbery^ Burglary'9 and other

Felonies, and for the more effectual Transportation of Felons

and unlawful Exporters of Wool, and for declaring the

Law upon fame Points relative to Pirates ; to that Part of

Great Britain called Scotland, so far as the said Act re-

lates to the more effectual Transportation of Felons;

and for amending and rendering more effectual the Laws

for restraining Muirburn, in forbidden Time, in that

Part of the United Kingdom.

33. An Act to enable his Majesty to exchange the Lands

of Feman and Lixy in the County of Perthy for other

the S T A TV TES;.

Lands belonging to the Right Honourable John Earl of

Breadalbane, in Pitketlony, in the said County of Perth*

34. An Act for widenif'g several Streets, Lanes, Ways,

and Passages, within the City of Bristol, and for open-

ing several new Streets and Passages within the same;

and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the Powers

of the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, lighting,

watching, and regulating, the Streets, and other Places,

within the said City, and Liberties thereof.

35. An Act to continue an Act made in the thirty-second

Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for

continuing, amending, explaining, and making more

effectual, an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his

said Majesty, more effectually to prevent the Frauds and:

Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within

the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places

therein mentioned.

36. An Act for encouraging the Cultivation, and for

the better Preservation of Trees* Roots, Plants, and

Shrub*.

37. An Act to explain; amend, and render more effectual,

an Act made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty V

Reign, for the better regulating of Buildings, and to

prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, within the'

Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein

mentioned.

38. An Act for repealing the several Duties upon Houses,.

Windows, and Lights ; and for granting to his Majesty

other Duties upon Houses, Windows-, and Lights.

39. An Act for raising the Sum of one million five hundred

thousand Pounds, byway of Annuities and a Lottery*,

to be charged on the Sinking Fund.

\o. An Act for*explaining and amending such Part of an

Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his present

Majesty,as relates to certain Duties on Wines imported*,

for the more easy collecting, and effectually securing,

the Stamp Duties for Copies of Court Rolls ; for Relief

of Persons who have omitted to insert in Indentures, or

other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with

Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants; for amending,

such Parts of two Acts made in the last Session of Par-

liament, as relate to certain East India Goods, and Bu-

gles, exported to Africa ; for permitting a certain Quan-

tity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to be

exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, for the

Use of the Inhabitants rhere ; for allowing the Expor-

tation of certain Quantities of Coals, free from the

Payment of the Duty granted by an Act made in the

last Session of Parliaments to the Islands xrf Jtrfey*

Guernsey, and Alderney \ and for obviating certain Doubts

with respect to the Importation of Oats and Oat-roeal,

under the Authority of an Act made in this present

Session of Parliament.

41. An Act for granting to fiis Majesty a certain Sum

of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying

certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six; and for.

further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Sef--

fion of Parliament.

42. An Act to continue an Act made in the fourth Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, for importing Salt

from Europe, into the Province of Quebec in America*

for a limited Time.

43. An Act for explaining, amending, and further ensor-

cing, the Execution of two several Acts, one made in

the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, and the other

in the fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the

Amend men;

