274-

C. J 2.

Anno fextd Georgii III.

A.D. 1^66.

Cocoa Nuts be and Restrictions, if taken oat for Exportation, as Coffee and Cocoa Nuts warehoused in pursuance of that

varehoused Act are liable to by any Law now in rorce.

upon landing,

and be subject, on being taken our, to the Duties and Regulations established by Act to Geo. f.

From and after XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Da^

i J- n, 1767. of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, all Sugars which {hall be imported into Great

Sugars imported Britain, from any Part of the British Colonies or Plantations on the Continent of America, shall be deemed

from the Bntiflaan(j i2fccn to fce French Sugars; and the Importer or Proprietor shall, upon the Importation thereof, pay

America^are down in ready Money to the Collector of his Majesty’s Customs, only three Pence per Hundred Weight

to be confide!ed Avoirdupois for such Sugars, which shall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the Exportation of

as French, . the fame Goods j provided such Sugars shall, upon landing, be immediately lodged and secured under the

and to pay a King’s Locks, in Warehouses provided at the lole Expence of the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods.

r Cwt 3<*# Privity and Approbation, and under the Care and Inspection, of the Commissioners or principal

and to be wave- Officers of the Customs for the Port where such Goods shall be imported; and shall not be delivered out of

housed upon any such Warehouse but upon the following Conditions; that is to say. If such Sugars or any Part thereof,

landing j shall be delivered for Exportation to foreign Parts, the Owner or Exporter thereof, together with one Other

not deliver* sufficient Person, shall enter into Bond to his Majesty* his Heirs and Successors, in treble the Amount

portadon^t" ^le Duties which would be due and payable for such Sugars if the fame were consumed in this King-

Spon certain dom, with Condition that no Part of such Sugar shall be relanded in Great Britain or Ireland, or any the

Conditions. Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain; which Bonds shall be discharged in the same Manner

as the Bonds given for the due Exportation of prohibited East India Goods, are difehafged by any Law now

in Force.

If any such Su- XXIV. And, the better to prevent the felandiftg of such Sugars, be it further enacted by the Authority

gars shall be re- aforesaid, That if any such Goods shall be relanded, or unshipped to be relanded, contrary to this Act, the

jfnded> or un- fame, together with the Boats, Lighter^, or any other Vessels, Horses, Carts, or other Cattle or Carriages,

landed contra wh*ch may be employed or made ule of in the Removal, Carriage, or Conveyance, of such Goods, as also

to this’Act, they the Ship or Vessel from which such Sugar shall be unloaded, together with her Furniture and Apparel, shall

are liable to For- be forfeited, and shall and may be# seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs; and all and every

feiture, together Person or persons who shall be assisting, or otherwise concerned in the unthipping or relaiidiiu; such Goods,

with Veirei, or to whose Hands the fame shall knowingly comfe after the nn(hipping thereof, shall forfeit treble Ac

ria°gcs*-an Value of such Goods; which said Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, reco-

and the Person* vered, and divided, in such Manner and Form, and by such Rules and Regulations* as Penalties and

aififting, see. Forfeitures inflicted for unQiipping prohibited or uncustomed Goods in this Kingdom may be prosecuted*

forfeit also treble sued for, recovered, and divided, by any Law now in Force.

Value.

Vessel*, in XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Sugars

which such Su- shall be shipped, or permitted to be shipped or loaden, for Re-exportation from Great Britain, on board any

gars /hail he Ship or Vessel of less Burthen than seventy Tons, to be ascertained by the same Rules and Dimensions as

loaded for £x . tjje Tonnage of Ships importing Brandy and other Spirits into this Kingdom is to be ascertained by an Act

he under-a° amade in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the

Tom. ' publick Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp Duties, Post Office, and House Money.

Sugars taken out XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any suchs Sugars shall be

for Home Con- taken out of any Warehouse, wherein the fame shall be secured as aforesaid, in order to be used in this

fomption, are to Kingdom; the Person or Persons so taking out the fame, shall first: pay up the Remainder of the Duties

pay the full which would have been due and payable upon the Importation of French Sugars into this Kingdom; and

Duties, Su. they shall, in all other Respects, be liable to the fame Restrictions and Regulations as French Sugars would

have been subject and liable to, if this Act had not been made.

If Hie Sugars XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if such Sugars shall not be either ex-

feili remain ported, or the full Duties paid for the fame, within twelve Calendar Months from the Importation thereof,

war^houlcd. but shall then continue and be still remaining in the said Warehouses; in such case, it shall and maybe

exported or^he lawful for Commissioners of the Customs for the time being, or any three or more of them, tocaufethe

full Duties not said Goods so remaining to be publickly sold by Auction or Inch of Candle, to the best Bidder; and the

paid within 1% Money arising by such Sale to be applied nrft in Discharge of the said Duties and the Expences of

Months; the such Sales, and the Overplus (if any/ to be paid tathe Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, or other

Customhouse Persons authorised to receive the same*

may make Sale

thereof and apply the Monies m Discharge of the Duties and Charges;

The Duties upon XXVIIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising by the said

Ca mb nek s and j)utics by this Act imposed upon Cambricks and French Lawns, and also by such Part of the Duties hereby

*»d the addtton- a ,rnposed upon Sugars imported from any British Colony or Plantation on the Continent of America, as

ai Duties upon shall exceed the Duties now payable upon Sugars so imported (except the necessary Charges of ndfing,

Su-ars, colleftifig, recovering, paying, and accounting for the fame) shall be from time to time paief into the Re*

t»bc paid into the ceipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer distinftly and apart from all other Branchesof the publick Revenue, and

Exchequer di- be referred in the said Receipt for the Dispofltioa of Parliament.

from all

ther Duties; tad reserved for the Dispositionof Parliament,

euiiftti. Act XXIX. And whereas by the herein before recited Act made in the fourth Year oF the Reign of hi*

ueo. 3. present Majesty* it is, amoxigft other Things, enacted, That before any Mclafles or Syrups shall be Wen

S ‘cit

