394 C. 5r. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

H-ightof ihc XLIX. And be it further enaSed, That the Banks on each Side of the said new Cut to be made from

B^iks to »hc above Sotheby's Upper IVeiry other wise called Newman*s JVeh\ into Enfield Mill Stream, shall be made and

man’s°Wcirto ma,ntainc^ of the Height of four Inches at lead above the present Level of the Bank of the said River Lee,

Enfield Min, from whence the said Cut is intended to be made.

and Cut East- , L. And be it further enacted, That the Banks on each Side of the said new Cut to be made to the

w«rd of Enfield Eastward of Enfield Mills, above the Lock to be erected in the said Cut, shall be made and maintained of

Wills to be four the Height of lour Inches at least above the present Level of the Bank of the said Mill Stream, from

Inches above the whence the said Cut is intended to be made.

Banks ol ihe s

Will Stream; ,

subjetttoihe LI* Provided always nevertheless, That the said new Cut to be made above Sotheby's Upper Weir, Other-

Regulations wife called Aew man's Weir, into Enfield Mill Stream, and along such Stream so far as the said Navigation is

here set down. to pass through the fame; and the said Cut to be made to the Eastward of Erfield Mills, shall be made*

done, secured, and maintained, in such Manner as that the Quantity of Water flowing to the said Mills,

called Enfield Mills, shall not be lessened or lowered further than shall be necessary for the Pallage of '

Barges, Boats, or other Vessels, through the said Lock, or the free Passage of the Water be flopped or

obstructed in its Course to the Head of the said Mills; and so as that the Water in the said Mill Stream,

below the said Mills, shall not be raised above its ancient and usual Height j and so as neither to deepen or

obstrudf the Passage through the Ford below the said Mills, or to hinder the working of the said Mills; and

so as not to obstruct the Navigation to the said Mills, and all the Wharfs and Lands belonging to the;

Owner thereof.

A Lock to be LII. And be it further enacted, That in some convenient Place of the said new Cut to be made from

made in the Cut above Sotheby's Upper Weiry otherwise called Newman's Weiry into Enfield Mill Stream, the said Trustees,

from Newman’* shall cause to be ere£led and built a proper Lock or Cistern convenient for the Passage of such Barges*

S mST ®oats> anc* ot^er Vessels as aforesaid, the Gates of which said Lock shall be made of the Height of four

Sueam and an- Inches above the present’ Level of the Bank of the said River Lce> from whence the said new Cut shall

other to be made begin to be made; and in some convenient Place of the said new Cut to be made to the Eastward of Enjieli,

in the Cut to the Adills^ shall cause to be erected and built another Lock or Cistern convenient for the Passage of such

Eastward of En- Barges, Boats, and other Vessels as aforesaid, the Gates of which last-mentioned Lock or Cittern shall be

field Mill*. made of the Height of four Inches above the present Level of the Bank of the said Mill Stream, from:

whence the said new Cut shall begin to be made.

Occupier of En- kill. And, in order to prevent the Owners, Lessees, Tenants, or Occupiers, of the said Mills, called

field Mill shall Enfield AltlUy being injured by any Mismanagement or Neglect in the Management of the said Lock or

have th« Care of Cistern to be erected on the said new Cut to the Eastward of the said Mills; be it further enacted, That

the Lock to be the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of the said Mills, called Enfield Mills, for the time being,

^ttaVa^w^d ^ave ^are an^ Management of the said Lock or Cistern so to he erected as aforesaid in the said Cut

of the Milis^ar° to Eastward of the said Mills: And in order to make a proper Recompence and Satisfaction for such.

Care and Management to the said Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of the said Mills, the fr.ii

Trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, out of the Monies to be raised or paid by virtue of this Act%

from time to time, after the Erection of such Lock, pay unto such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or-

Occupiers, of the said Mills, the yearly Sum of ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, free and

clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, by four equal quarterly Payments, to be made on the Feast

Days of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Alary, Saint John the Baptist, Saint Michael the Arch-

angel, and the Birth of our Lord Christ, in every Year; the first of such Payments to be made on such o(

those Days as shall first and next happen after the Building of the said Lock: And Tn case of Refusal or

Nonpayment of the said yearly Sum of ten Pounds, or any Part thereof, for the Space of forty Days next

after any of the Days before appointed for Payment thereof, such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or

Occupiers, of the said Mills, shall and may have and take such and the fame Powers and Remedies for

receiving and recovering the said yearly Sum of ten Pounds, or so much thereof as shall, from time to time,

be Behind and unpaid as aforesaid, and all Costs and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, as are in

this A<S provided for the Payment of any Shares or Annuities that shall be granted and made payable by

virtue of this A&; and such yearly Sum of ten Pounds shall be paid in Preference to, and have a Priority

against, all other Annuities, Charges, Payments, or Sums -of Money, which shall hereafter be created

and become payable to any Person or Persons advancing Money by Way of Security upon the Rates and

Duties by this Act made payable, or on any Sum or Sums of Money vested in, or made payable to, the said

Trustees, by virtue hereof.

LIV. And, in order to prevent any Interruption of the Navigation along the said Mill Stream, after the

feid new Cuts and Canals to and from the said Mill Stream shall be made; be it further enacted, Tha{

when and as often as the Water therein shall be reduced to five Feet above the present Still of the

Waste-gate of that Part of the said Mills called the Corn Mills, the Gates of the said Mills shall be {hut,

and the Mills flopped from working; which said Height of five Feet shall be ascertained by a Stone ox

Post to be set up by the said Trustees for that Purpose.

Ihut, and the Mills stepped fiom working.

"When the Wa-

ter shall be re-

duced to a cer-

tain Height at

Enfield Mill?,

the Gates of the ‘

Mill* ih*U be

LeflT-c &<. of LV. Provided always nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed so extend,

Enfield Mill* to prevent or hinder the Owners, Lessees, Tenants, or Occupiers of the said Mills called Enfield Milky

from penning up the Water above the said Mills, as high as they have heretofore used to pen the fame;

nor shall any Work be ere<5lcd, or any Act be donej which may tend to prevent or hinder them in the

penning up such Water as aforesaid* '

6 - ‘ LVI. Provided

miy pen up

Water, to the

«fual Height;

