A. D. 1767.

Anno feptimo Georgii III.

C. 51,

397

of the said Cut; except that Part of it which extends from the Head of Enfield Mill Stream to New- Marftei to bco«

than's Weir* ^ ... . the Eart Side.

LXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to authorise Nothing to pre-

or impower the said Trustees to do any Act or Adtt whereby to prejudice, or render ineffectual, thethc^uer

Navigation of the River Stort. 1 Mort*

LaIX. And be it enacted, That the said Navigation shall from henceforth be a free Navigation 5 and Natation t*

that all the King’s Liege People whomsoever shall and may have, and lawfully enjoy, free Paffige along, befre«*

in, through, and upon, the Channel of the said River, and such new Cuts and Canals as aforesaid, with

and for Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels; and also thi Use of the Towing or Haling-paths,

and all other necessary and convenient Liberties for navigating the fame, without any Let, Hindrance,

or Obstruction, from any Person or Persons whomsoever ; subject nevertheless to the Payment of such

Rates and Duties as, by the Tenor and true Meaning of this A&, are or ought to be paid to the said

Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they, or any leven or more of them, shall appoint to cofle& the

feme 5 and also subject to the Orders and Bye-laws which shall be, from time to time, made by the said

Trustees, or any seven or more of them, for the Regulation of the said Navigation.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, and they Trustees to pay»

are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, out of the Monies to be raised and paid by virtue of this Proprietors of

A to the several and respective Owners and Proprietors, or Occupiers, of any Weir, Turnpike, Lock, tLh°cc p8a’*Cg o°/

Cistern, or other Place, upon the said River, where such respective Owners and Proprietors, or Qccu- b0*

iers, have heretofore respectively taken any Sum of Money for the aiding 'or assisting any Boat, Barge, the Cc»ti4tt*>

/ighter, or other Vessel, in the passing up or down the said River, such Sum and Sums of Money as the carried into

Ibid Owners and Proprietors, or Occupiers, have respectively usually taken at such respective Weirs, Execution*

Turnpikes, Locks, Ciftferns, or other Places, for the passing of every such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other

Vessel, that shall pass up or down the said River, until the Contracts aforesaid, which the said Trustees,.

or any seven or more of them, are by this Act impowered to enter into, shall be carried into Execution,

or until such Owners and Proprietors, or Occupiers respectively, shall have received Satisfaction for the

feme, in Manner herein before prescribed.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said several and refbeCtrve Owners and Occnpimof

Proprietors, or Occupiers, of any such Weir, Turnpike, Lock, Cistern, or other Place, upon the ^id ^sandc^

River, shall, until such Contracts as aforesaid shall have been carried into Execution, or until such Owners AttflTriAoThV

and Proprietors, or Occupiers respectively, shall have received such Satisfaction as aforesaid ; and they are pJ/Hng of Boats

hereby required by themselves, their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, to do and perform all and every as before the

litch A£fe, Matters, and Things, as shall be necessary for aiding and assisting Boats, Barges, Lighters, pacing of the

and other Vessels, in passing up or down the said River, in the same Manner, and as effectually, as rhey

have usually done before the passing of this Act: And if any such Owner and Proprietor, or Occupier, gatbn^ewmT

shall refuse or neglect to do or perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as shall be necessary for the pieced,

aiding and assisting the said Boats, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels, in passing up or down the said

River as aforesaid 5 every such Owner and Proprietor, or Occupier, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall fit or act as a Trustee in any Cafe where he Qualification

shall be in any wise direcftly or indirectly interested or concerned in the Matter Or Matters in question ; of Trufoci#

and that no Person, other than such as are Trustees in respect of Offices, shall be qualified or capable of

aSing as a Trustee by virtue-of this Act, who shall not be, in his own Right, or in the Right of his

Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, or Receipt, of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, Freehold or Copyhold, of the clear yearly Value of one hundred Pounds: And in case

any Person shall fit or ad, being 10 interested 5 or if any Person who shall be deemed unqualified, or

made incapable for the causes aforesaid, shall rfevertheless presume to ad, every such Person shall, for

every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered, with foil Costs of Suit,.

By any Person or Persons who shall sue or prosecute for the fame, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or

Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster\ wherein no Efloin, Protection,

Or Wager cHF Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed ; and upon any such Suit or Pro*

foution, the Proof of such Qualification shall lie upon, and be made out of, by every Trustee so to be

filed or prosecuted.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted. That the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall meet First

on Wednesday the first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and nxty-seven, at a House known byofTruftcti«

the Sign of the Rose and Crown at Enfield Highway, in the Parish of Enfield in the County of Middlfexy

and proceed to the Execution of this Act ; and the said Trustees, or any five or more of them, shall after-

wards hold a General Meeting on the first Monday in June in every Year; and the said Trustees, or any

five or more of them, assembled at such first ana'at any subsequenjt Meeting, may, from time to time*,

adjourn and hold their Meetings at such Place and Places as they, or any hve or more of them, shall

appoint: And if at any Time a sufficient Number of Trustees shall not attend to act or to adjourn the Notice* be

Meeting, they shall, from time to time, as often as the Cafe shall so happen, be deemed adjourned until given of crery

that Day Month to the same Place; and the Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, of the said Trustees, (hallfuch Mtcun*

cause Notice in Writing, or in Print, under his Hand, of the Time and Place of holding every Meeting,.

(0 be affixed on some publick Place in the Towns of Hertfordy Ware, Stanfted, Waltham Abbey,. Enfield^

Edmonton, Tottenham, Hackney, Bow, and Stratford Langthorn, at lead two Days before every such Meet—

fog, unless the Business to be transa&ed at any Meeting, of which such Notice has been given as afore*

feud, dull not be concluded, on the Day mentioned im such Notice 5 in which Cafe the Trustees, or any

five.

Dig' zed by

"

