A. D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. C. 24. 185

for and during such Time as such Contrail, Covenant, or Agreement, shall remain in Force; and in case

any Dispute shall arise concerning such Contrail, Covenant, or Agreement, the said Commissioners, or

any five or more of them, shall have Power, and they are hereby required to hear and finally determine

the fame. ’

XIX. And, for the better Information of the said Commissioners in putting this Act in Execution, be

it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Per- Perrons auth«-

fons authorized by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at all convenient Times (first byhc

having an Order under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for that Pur- t

pose) to inspeil and take Copies of, or Extrails out of of from, any Book or Books, Rate or Rates, -,nirc&, *c. p*.

made or kept by any Parish Officer or Officers, or other Officer or Officers appointed by Authority of tochui Rates.

Parliament, within the Cities of London or WeshntnJler, or Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, for the paving,

cleansing, or lighting, any Square, Street, Lane, Place, or District, in London, Westminster, Middlesex,

or Surrey ; which Inipeftion, Copies, and Extrails, the Vestry Clerk or Vestry Clerks, or other Officer

or Officers of the respective Parishes and Places, or other Officer or Officers, rerfon or Persons, having

the Custody of such Book and Rate, Books and Rates, are hereby required to permit and suffer to be

made, without Fee or Reward, by such Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons appointed as

aforesaid, on their producing an Order under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any five or more

of them, for that Purpose : And in case any such Vestry Clerk, or other such Officer or Officers, or Per- if Re*

son or Persons, shall negleil or refuse so to do, within fourteen Days after such Order shall be produced £jeark y5sccftry

and Ihewn to him or them, or a Copy thdTeof left at his or their last or moll usual Place of Abode; then,

and in every such Cafe, he or they so refusing or neglecting, shall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of

twenty Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings j and for the third and every other

Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Accounts and Contrafts of Contrafti made

the Commissioners of eact\ of the said Divisions shall, at all Times, be open and free for the Inspection in each Divi-

And Examination of all and every of the Commissioners appointed by this Act; and that the Commis- f,on> free for the

fionersof each of the said Divisions, within eight Days after Demand in Writing shall be made by any ynfpe^nnof

of the said Commissioners for that Purpose, shall cause a true Copy of such Accounts and Contrafts, or

of so much thereof as shall be so required, to be delivered to such of the said Commissioners who shall

require the fame, upon Payment of the Sum of one Shilling for every hundred Words and Figures which

shall be contained in such Copy. ' # '

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority Aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five Watchmen,

or more of them, shall and may, yearly and every Year, and they ate hereby authorized and required, to

order and establim such Number of Watchmen. Beadles, and other Officers, as they shall judge necessary

and proper to be kept or employed in the said Streets, and other Places, as aforesaid; and to nominate

and appoint such honed and ablebodied Men to be employed in that Service, as they shall think bed

qualified for the fame; and shall likewise direct and appoint, in Writing, how and where the several '

Watchmen shall be stationed, and in what Manner they shall be armed, how often they shall go their

Rounds, how long they shall continue upon Duty, and What Wages shall be allowed to such Watchmen,

Beadles, and other Persons, for their Attendance ; and shall and may also erect, hire, or otherwise provide,

a proper Place or Places for the Reception of the Watchmen, Beadles, and other Persons, as aforesaid ;

and shall make all such Orders and Regulations in Writing, as the Nature of the Service shall appear to

them the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to require.

XXII. And be it further enacted by foe Authority aforesaid. That true Copies or Transcripts of all Regulation* r#

such Nominations, Orders, and Regulations, as shall be made, from time to time, for the better Direction r‘*'-ncd. by

and Government of the Watchmen, Beadles, and other Persons, shall be signed by the said Commission-

ers, or any five or mote of them ; and the said Watchmen, Beadles, and other Persons, shall keep Watch

and Ward within the said Streets, and other Places, for such respective Times, and in such Manner, as

shall, from time to time, be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them ; and

shall, in their several Turns and Courses of watching, use their heft Endeavours to prevent all Mischiefs

happening by Fires, and all Murders, Burglaries, Robberies, Breaches of the King’s Peace, and all

other Outrages and Disorders; and to that End shall, and they are hereby jointly and severally empow- Diltorben cf

ered and required, to arrest, apprehend, and detain, in the Watch-house, or other convenient Place of n»e Pr*<c

Security, to be provided or'appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, vvirhm; *fctuicd*

or near to, the said Streets, all Malefactors, Disturbers of the King’s Peace, and all suspected Persons,

who shall be found wandering or misbehaving themselves, and shall carry them (so fopn as conveniently

may be) before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said Town and

Places, to be examined and dealt with according to Law ; and the said Beadles, and other Persons, shall,

so often in every Night as shall be ordered by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, go

about their respective Difixifts and Rounds, to take Notice whether all the Watchmen perform their

Duty in their several Stations, according to such Orders and Regulations, as shall be provided for that

Purpose by the said Commissioners as aforesaid : And in case any Watchman shall misbehave himself,

or neglectliis Duty, the said Beadles, or other Person or Persons respectively, shall, as soon as conve-

niently. may be, give Notice thereof to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, who is hereby authorized

to suspend such Watchman from the Execution of his Office, and appoint another Person to officiate

therein until the next Meeting of the said Commissioners, when the said Treasurer shall acquaint the

Commissioners assembled at fuen Meeting with the Complaint against such Watchman, in order for the

said Commissioners to proceed to the Examination of the Offence ; and such Watchman shall be subjeci

Vol. X. B b and

