A.D. 1770.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

C. 23. 713

XCVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Sum or Sums of Money, Application of

when so received by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in MonK,#

pursuance of this Act, or by their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, the fame shall be deposit-

ed in the Bank of England, and thence issued and applied by such Commissioners, or any Seven or more

of them, for the new paving any Square, Street, or Place within the Limits aforesaid.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be for that Securities U

Purpose provided and kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, all Securities for Monies Cnteic*,n

borrowed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and all Alignments or Transfer thereof, expressing, in

Words at Length, the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions, of all

such Persons as shall, from Time to Time, be intituled to such Securities, and the Sums received upon

such Securities; to which Book or Books the Persons intituled thereto, and all and every Person or Per-

fons liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Affefiinents, shall, at all fcasonable Times, have Access,

with free Liberty to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward; and the Treasurer or Treasurers for the

Time being to such Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, keep the Accounts relating to such addi-

tional Rate or Assessment, and the Payment of the Interest of the Money borrowed, separate and distinct

from the other Accounts of such Commissioners; and if any Sum or Sums of Money shall at any Time

remain, over and above what shall be sufficient to pay such Interest, then such Sum or Sums of Money

shall be applied towards paying off the Principal so borrowed as aforesaid, and for that Purpose may be

placed out at Interest on Government Security, in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurers

for the Time being to such Commissioners, at such Time and in such Manner as the said Commissioners,

or any Seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, until the fame shall amount to the Sum of Five

hundred Pounds; which Sum shall be applied for and towards the Payment of the Money lent and ad-

vanced on such additional Rate; and no preference, either in the Payment of Interest or Principal, shall ah Creditor*

be given to any Person or Persons whatsoever on account of the Priority of advancing any such Sum or deemed equal

Sums, but that each Person shall be a Creditor, in equal Degree, according to the Sum or Sums so by ‘“Degree,

him, her, or them lent and advanced as aforesaid.

XCIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Securities may

Persons intituled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Grbc lransfoi?r€^

Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands respectively, to af-

sign or transfer such Securities, by Indorsement on the Back thereof, to any Person or Persons whatfo-

ever, and witnessed by Two Witnesses, and so toties quoties , and such Assignments and Transfers, af er

they shall be respectively entered in the Book or Books of the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid,

shall intitle the rerfon or Persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, and their re-

spective Executors* Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities so assigned or

transferred.

C. And it is hereby further enacted, That where any of the Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach- Wow empty

houses. Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall, at the Time of making any Hous«,^e.

of the said Rates or Assessments, be empty, untenanted, or unoccupied; then, and in every such Cafe, itto c

shall and may be lawful to and for the (ayi Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to rate and affds

such Premises respectively at One Half of such Rates or Assessments during the Time only that such Pre-

mises shall be empty, untenanted, or unoccupied; and also in case any such Premises, after the making of

such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall become empty, untenanted, or unoccupied. One

Half only of such Rate or Assessment shall be charged on such Premises respclively for and during so Jong

a Time as the fame shall continue empty, untenanted, and unoccupied; and then, and in any of the said

Cafes, the said Rate or Rates, Affefi'ment or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, shall be paid by

the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, or by the First or any other Tenant

or Occupier thereof; and in which last Cafe such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall and

may, and Is and are hereby authorised to deduct and detain the fame out of his, her, or their Rent or

Rents respectively; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of such Premises, is and are hereby

required.to allow such Deduction and Payment upon Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their respec-

five Rents; and the said Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers shall be, and is and are hereby ac-

quitted and discharged of and from so much of his, her, or their Rent, as the Rate or Rates, Assessment

or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, and so paid by him, her, or them, shall amount unto.

CI. And whereas there are many Houses, Buildings, Stables, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Here- Landlord*, &c.

ditaments, and Premises, within the Limits aforesaid, which are taken on Leases for Years, or other- }* Houses, s*c.

^ «n Ct» o f*i /I Kxf f ViP T p(Tp<»c nr'l' Pnonte onrl n 1 Cr\ krr T o r\rl 1 r\r/t o /m» f^nrrw>i>. I af /\..f in Parr>a]« ronnmfn able tQ ItC

wife, and by the Lessees or Tenants, and also by Landlords or Owners, let out in Parcels or separate ^tcV°

Apartments to Under-tenants, and other Houses and Premises let ready furnilhfcd to Lodgers ;* be it

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lessee, Landlord, Owner, or Proprietor of each

and every such House, Building, Stable, Land, Ground, Tenement, or Hereditament so let out, or which

shall be let out in Parcels or separate Apartments, or ready furnished t* a Lodger or Lodgers, shall be

deemed and taken as the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and shall be liable and subject to the Payment

of the Rates or Assessments directed by this Act to be made, raised, and levied, according to the yearly

Rent or Value of such Premises.

CII. And, for the more cafy Recovery of such Rates or Assessments, be it further enacted by the Au- Occupiers to

thority aforesaid, That each and every Person so renting or occupying any such Parcel or separate Apart- P*7 the Rite*,

ment as aforesaid, shall be liable and compellable to the Payment of the said Rates or Assessments, and

all Arrears due thereon; to be recovered in Manner hereafter directed.

CIII. Provided always, That each and every respective Occupier or Occupiers who shall pay such re- bmt0 al!o*

spective Rates or Assessments, and any Arrears due thereon, or from whom the fame shall be recovered in ,rl

Vol. X.

♦ Y

pursuance

