48® C. 21,

Anno octavo Giokgii III.

A. D. 1768.

Commissioners

may erect Turn-

pike*,

thereof the Overplus, upon demand, after Satisfaction of the said Toll, and the reasonable Charges in and

about making such Distress, Keeping, and Sale, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

LXXXIV\ And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law-

ful for the said Commissioners, if they think proper, at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of

this Act, to cause to be erected any Turnpike or Turnpikes at or near all or any of the respective Places

afore mentioned, for the Purposes ofcollefting the several and respective Tolls hereby made payable; and

also cause to be erected or provided a Toll-house at or near each Turnpike, and, from Time to Time*

to remove or alter the fame, as they the said Commissioners shall think expedient; and the Right and

Property of all the Turnpikes and Toll-houses to be, from Time to Time, erected and provided by vir-

tue of this Act, and the Right and Property of the Materials provided for building or repairing the fame*

vefte"P'ir!*he a 11 be, and are hereby, vested in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and they are hereby im-

Mayor and Com- powered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name of the Corporation, and

penalty and ci-to prefer, or order the preferring of, Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall injure the

tizens. fame, or any Part thereof, or disturb them in the rofifeflion thereof, or take or retain, or hold Possef-

*r I. , . fion thereof, after being required by Order of the Commissioners to deliver up the fame.

‘ a*/ the°" LXXXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared. That it shall and may be

Turnpikes alrea- lawful for the several and respective Receivers or Collectors, and other Persons to be appointed by vir-

elected. tue of this Act, to receive and collect the several Tolls hereby made payable; and they are hereby au-

thorifed and impowered, for the Purposes of this Act, without the Lett, Hindrance, or Molestation, of

any Person or Persons whatsoever, to make use of all or any of the Gates, Turnpikes, and Toll-houses,

already erected or hereafter to be erected or continued, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, at

or near the several and respective Places whereat any Toll is hereby authorised to be taken; so as such

respective Receivers, Collectors, or other Persons, do in no wife hinder or interrupt the transacting of

an^r Business or Purpose for which such Turnpikes and Toll-houses were respectively erected or pro-

WOilcc^Da'd LXXXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be

ay‘liable to pay the said Street Toll more than Once for passing or repassing at any Time or Times

on the same Day as aforesaid, with the fame Cattle and Carriage; but that all and every Person

and Persons, after having paid such Toll Once as aforesaid, shall, during the Remainder of such

Day, pass Toll-free, with respect to the said Street Toll, with the fame Cattle and Carriages, through

the Gate or Turnpike at which any such Toll was paid, and also through all other Gates and Turn-

pikes whereat the said Tolls are hereby made payable, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting

the Payment of such Tole; which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the said Tolls are hereby re-

quired to give gratis on Receipt of such Tolls.

LXXXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Commissioners may, and they arc hereby

impowered, upon Ten Days Notice being given in the London Gazitte^ to lease or farm by the Year

the Tolls by this Act granted, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons, at or for the

jargeft yearjy Sums that can be got for the fame; provided that such Lettings or Agreements be made in

Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons taking or farming 2ny such Tolls, and by the said Commfli-

oners letting the fame, and be not made for more than Three Years at a Time; and that the Money that

shall be so agreed to be paid for the said Tolls shall be made payable, and shall be paid to the Cham-

berlain of the said City for the Time being by Quarterly Payments; and that the Person or Persons

to whom the fame shall be so lett shall always pay One Quarter’s Pay in Absence: And if any Lett-

ing or Agreement for letting the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be made, and any Dew

fault shall be made in paying the Money agreed to be paid, contrary to the true Meaning of this

Act; then every such Letting and Agreement shall be void: and the Person or Persons to whom the

said Tolls shall be lett shall be liable to account for the fame, and to have the fame levied and reco-

vered upon and of him or them, in the same Manner as is by this Act directed for the accounting

for the said Tolls by the Collectors thereof, and for the levying and recovering the fame upon and

of them.

LXXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be

n,ay appoint of-lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at any Time or Times, by any Writing or Writings under

fitcr5# their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons to be Receiver or Receivers,

Collector or Collectors, of the said respective Tolls, as they shall think fit; and all Persons by this Act

made liable to pay the said Tolls, or any of them, are hereby required to pay the fame to such Re-

ceiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors. as aforesaid; and all such Receivers and Collectors shall

respectively pay the fame into the Office or the Chamberlain of the said City, in like Manner, and

under the like Regulations and ReAriftions, as are herein before expreflfed of and concerning the col-

Officer* to ac» lifting and paying the Rates and Airellments aforesaid; ^nd shall also upon Oath, if thereunto required

count upon Oath, by the said Commissioners conflicted by this Act, (which Oath the said Commissioner9 are hereby

authorised and impowered to administer) from Time to Time give unto the said Commissioners, or to

such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, a true, exact, and perfect Accounft

tornmissionert

may lea fir,

the Toll*.

Commissioners

Officers

to account.

in Writing, under their respective Hands, of all Monies which they, and every or any of them,

rtfufingfljall to such Time have received by virtue of this Act: And if such Receiver or Collector shall

not

•

