A* D. 1768, Anno octavo Geohoii III. C. 33. 503

XXX. And be it further enatEVed by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Perfim and Persons in- Foot Pavement*

habiting within the said Streets and Lanes shall, from and after the Second Monday next after the passing ofjjJ* fwePtcver/

this Act, (weep and clean, or cause to be fweptand cleansed, the Foot-paths before their respective Houses,

Buildings* and Walls, Once in every Day between the Hours of Six and Nineiii the Forenoon, (Sundays

excepted) upon Pain of forfeiting Five Shillings for every Nerleft therein.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners. or any FiveN*®« of

or more of them, may order and direct the Houses within the said Streets and Lanes, or any of them, to

numbered with Figures placed or painted on the Doors thereof, or on such other rart of the said Houses corner of

Tefpedlively as they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper ;tand may Housei.

also order andtfiredl to be engraved, painted* or otherwise^escribed, on a conspicuous Part of some House

or other Building at orncar the End or Corner of each Street or Lane within the said District comprised in

this AS respectively, the Name by which such refbeflive Street or Lane so adjoining is usually or properly

called or known : And if any Person or Persons mall wilfully or makcioufiy destroy, injure, obliterate, or

deface, any such Number, Figure, Name, or Description, or any Part thereof, or cause or.pracure the feme

to be done, and shall he convicded thereof by his or their own ConfeffioB, or by the Oath of One or mote

credible Witness or Witnesses, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in or for the

Courry or Place where such Offence shall be committed ; every such Person so offending mall, for every

such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XXXII. And be it further entiled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Second Sign*, totg

Monday next after the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any Five or .more of them,

cause all Signs, which then or at any Time after shall be placed or hung in any Part of the said Streets or

Lanes, to be fixed or placed on the Fronts of such Houses respcdlircly whereunto the feme shall helong ;

and also shall and may cause all Sign-irons, Posts, Boards, Spouts, Gutters, Pent-houses, or other Things,

eccafioning any Obstrudlion or Annoyance in the said Streets or Lanes, to be removed or altered, inYucfr

Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think most proper and convenient v

and that for the future, ail Signs, Boards, Spouts, or Gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the Fronts.of the

Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, as the said Commissioners*

or any Five or more of them, shall direct, and not otherwise : And it any Person or Persons &all at any

Time hereafter hang, place, erect, or build any Sign, Sign Post or Iron, Board, Spout, or Gutter, or cause

the fame to be done, in any other Manner than as aforesaid, or shall in any Manner occasion any Incroach-

ment or Annoyance in the said Streets or Lanes ; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

and pay the Sum of Five Pounds. '

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any, or any Sign?,.fife wi*

Part of any, such Sign, Sign-iron, or Post, Board, Gutter, Spout, Pentwhouse, or other Projeftion, shall turned.

remain unused after the Alteration made thereto as before directed, the fame shall be returned to, and be

the Property of, the Person to whom the fame belonged before such Removal or Alteration.

XXXIV. ‘ And whereas the said Streets and Lanes are, in some Parts thereof, greatly obstrudled, and

• made dangerous to Foot Passengers, by Steps being brought out from Houses, Steps and Doors going

4 down into Cellars, Vaults* and other rlaces, and by Shew-glasses, Shew-boards, and other Matters or

4 Things projecting from Shops or Houses over and beyond the Area belonging to such Houses* or into the

4 Footways \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the said Second

Monday after the parting of this Act, all such Steps projecting into the Footways of the said Streets and Steps, &#.pro>;

Lanes, and all Steps and Doors going down out of the Footways into any Cellars, Vaults, or other Places, icftin6

belonging to any House, Shop, Warehouse, or Tenement, as likewise all Shew-glasses or Shew-boards10 be,wl®T«*»

projecting over and beyond the Areas, or into the Footways, and all and every other Material, Matter, or

Thing, belonging to any House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, or other Building, which do or shall cause or

occasion any Nuisance, Annoyance, Incroachment, or Obstrudlion, in the said Streets and Lanes, or any

of them (either in the root or Carriage-way thereof ) shall be, at the Expence of the said Commissioners,

from Time to Time, removed, fixed, placed, or altered, in such Manner and Form, as shall be approved

of by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of .them, or their Surveyor, by their Direction.

XXXV. And, for defraying the Charges and Expences attending the Execution of the several Powers Ad Jitioml Ratt|

"by this Act granted, be it further enacted by the Authority aforaaid. That from and after the passing

of this Act a Rate or Assessment (over and above all Rates and Assessments now payable) shall once in

every Year, or oftener, if it fhodld be thought needful by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more

of them, be made, laid, and assessed, by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, upon

all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, or occupy, any Land, House, Shop,

Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement, within the said Streets or Lanes comprised in this

Act; which Rate or Afl'eflment shall be made at or after the Rate of Nine-Pence in the Pound, for every

Year, of the yearly Rent or yearly Value of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults,

or other Tenements respectively.

XXXVI. And it is hereby further enacted That the said several Rates so to be made or assessed under Ratwhcw to fe*

this Act, shall be collected Half-yearly by the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Time being, orco lcfted#

such other Person and Persons as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to Manner

collect the fame : And if any Person or Persons shall refuse, neglect, or omit, to pay the Sum or Sums ofcovery.

'Money at which he, (he, or they, shall be so rated or assessed, for the Space of Ten Days after personal

Demand

