264 C. 49.

Anno sexto Georgii If!.

Wool, and o?hrr

ffnunv nted

C od*, of Fo-

reign Gmwtli,

upnnExp'rration

from eit her rf

the Gid Islands,

to hr iaipprted

Erectly nto

CJieat Britain,

under Lhe Regu-

lations establi shed

by Arts ?x Car.

Xi c. 18. xx & S3

Cur. x. c. 26.

Ko Good? to he

exported from

Dominica to *ny

Tart of Euiope

Noith of Cape

JEinifterre, except

t > Great Britain,

where they are

to be landed un-

der the Regula-

to ns. See. of Act

Sugar importrd

into Dominica,

fnav be expotted

f-'om thence to

any Foreign

Parts of Europe

Southward of

Cape Finisterre,

under certain

Regulations.

A.D. 1766.

VIL Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and

after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, all Wool, Cotton Wool,

Indico, Cochineal, Fuftic, and all Manner of dying Drugs or Woods, Drugs used in Medicine, Hair, Fur*,

Hides, and Skins, Pot and Pearl Ashes, Whale Fins, and Raw Silk, of the Growth and Produce of any

Foreign Colony or Plantation, shall, upon the Exportation thereof from either of the said Islands of ZW-

nka or Jamaica, be imported direaly from thence into Great Britain, under the like Securities, Penalties

and Forfeitures, as are particularly mentioned in two Acts of Parliament made in the twelfth, and in the

twenty-second and twenty-third Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, the former intituled, ‘An

A& for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation,’ and the latter intituled, 4 An Act

4 to prevent the Planting of Tobacco in England, and for regulating the Plantation Trade,’ or either of

them, with respect to the Goods in those Acts particularly enumerated; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to

the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the saidfirifc

Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-ftx, no Goods whatsoever shall or may be exported

from the said Island of Dominica to any Part of Europe to the Northward of Cape Finiflerrey except to Great

Britain; and such Goods shall be there landed under the fame Securities, Regulations, and Restrictions,

and subject to the fame Penalties and Forfeitures, as are mentioned in an Act made in the twelfth Year of

the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, 4 An Act for the encouraging and increaiing of Ship*

4 ping and Navigation ;* or any subsequent Ad now in Force with respect to the Goods in such Ad par-

ticularly enumerated,

IX Car. 2*

IX. Provided alvavs, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after

the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, it shall and may be lawful to

export, from the said Ports before mentioned in the said Island of Dominica, any Sugar which shall have

been imported into the fame, to any Foreign Parts of Europe, to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, in such

Vessels only, and under such Securities, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to the fame Penalties and

Forfeitures, as Sugar, of the Growth and Produce of any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America,

may now be exported from such Colonies or Plantations to such Foreign Parts 3 any Thing in this Act

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

No Vessel with X. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day

Goods of the cf November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, it shall not be lawful for any Ship or Vessel what-

Weft indie* f°ever> which shall load or take on board at the said Island of Dominica any Goods, being the Produce of

flive Caitie ex- Part of America commonly called the West Indies (live Cattle excepted) to proceed to any other Island

cepted) may pro- in the West Indies, which now is, or hereafter may be, under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs and

ceed fresh bo- Successors, on any Pretence whatsoever, (actual Distress excepted) in which Cafe the Master or other Per-

TC7thany ^on kav*n£ Command or Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall, in twelve Hours after his Arrival, report the

RritTflj islands fame> in Writing, to the Collector, or the Chief Officer of the Customs, together with the Name of his

except in case of Vessel, and where bound, and at the same time deliver in to such Officer a just and true Account of his

Distress; Lading; and shall not, upon any Pretence whatsoever, take on board any Kind of Goods or Merchandize

of which Report (needful Provisions for his Voyage, or Necessaries for Repairs, excepted, for which he shall first obtain a

with made^to the from such Officer) and in case any such Master, or Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel,

Gu^om-house &all l°ad» or ^u^er to be loaded, any Kind of Goods or Merchandizes (except as before excepted), or, not

Officer; being in Distress, shall, contrary to the Intent of this Act, come into any British Island in the West Indies;

nor may take such Ship or Vessel, together with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, and Ammunition, and all Goods

any Godson whatsoever on board of her, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any Officer of

Mture^nhe ^ls ^ajc^y>s Customs, in such Manner as herein after is expressed.

VcflVUndGood*.

No Goods of the XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day'

Growth or Mi- Df November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, no Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Pro-

llr eorthc duftion, or Manufacture of Europe, or the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall,

EafMdics, wire. upon any Pretence whatsoever, be exported from the said Island of Dominica to any British Colony or Plan-

may hr exported tation in America, on Forfeiture of such Goods, and the Ship or Vessel in which the fame shall be so ex-

lr»m Dominica ported with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, and Ammunition; to be seized by any Officer or Officers

to ny of the Qf the Customs, and prosecuted in the Manner herein after expressed.

British Araeri-

tan Colonies, oo Forfeiture of the Goods and Vessel.

Duty to be paid « XU. And whereas it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Expences which may

*f tfxpo?a.tltn be incurred in carrying into Execution the Directions and Provisions of this Act, and for maintaining,

ForeiToVefilli ^curing, and improving, the said Ports ;’ therefore we, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects,

from jaowica; *the Commons of Great Britain^ in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it

may be enabled; and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said -first Day of

November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six* there shall be raised, levied,.collected, and paid unto

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Duty of one Pound ten Shillings for and upon every Negroe which

tit lo^oA^cj^rocs (hah be exported in any Foreign Ship or Vessel out of or from the said Island of Jamaica \ and the like Duty

k*o Dominica: of one Pound ten Shillings for and upon every Negroe which shall be imported into the said Island of Dh

tikicai

