The TITLES of the STATUTE S.

in the County of Middhfex, to Lems ford Mill in the

County of Hertford,

72. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

B'ccjier in the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury in the

County of Bucks.

73. An Act to impower the Justices of the Pence for the

County of Devon to apply a Sum of Money, out of the

County Stock, for the opening, making, and main-

taining a convenient and commodious Highway, from

the High Street in the City of Exeter to the Cattle of

Exeter.

74. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act

made in the twentieth Year of his late Majesty, for

repairing the Road from Cirenccfhr in the County of

Glcucejhr, to Bird.’ip Hill in the said County.

75. An Act for building a Workhouse in the Parish of

Saint Martin in the Fields, within the Liberty of JTefl-

minster> in the County of Middlesex.

76. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair the Road from New Chappclly in the County of

Surry, over Copthorn, in the County of Sufjixy through

Lindfeldy to the Town of Ditchlingy up to the Top of

Ditch ling Bo/l Hillsy in the said County of Sussex.

77. An Act for amending and widening the Road from

Saint Stephen $ Gatey in the County of the City of Nor-

wichy to the Windmill in the Town of IVattony in the

County of Norfolk.

78. An Act for amending and* widening several Roads

leading from the Belt in Stoke Ferty in the County of

Norfolk.

79. An Act to enable the Parishioners of Saint Andrew

Holhorny Londony to purchase a Workhouse.

80. An Act for building a Workhouse for the Liberty of

Saffron* Hilly Hatton-Garden, and Ely-Rents, in the Pa-

ri In of Saint Andrew Bio!horny in the County of Mid-

dlesex.

81. An Act for consolidating the Rates to be made for the

Relief of the Poor of the respective Parifocs of Saint

7homas, Saint Edmundy and Saint Alar tin, in the City

of New Sarum.

8?. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

and to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act

f>aflcd in the twenty-fecund Year of the Reign of his

ate Majesty King George the Second, so for as the

Lid Act relates to the repairing and widening the Road

from Hindhcad Heath, in the County of Surry, through

Fernherjl Lane and Midhurjly to the City of Chichester,

in the County of St/£ex\ and also for repairing and

widening the Road from Chichester aforesaid to Delkcy,

in the said County.

83. An Act to continue and render more efftftual several

Acts for repairing and amending the Road from Bigglef-

ivade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and

A her: bury to the Top of Alconbury Hilly and from Bugden

to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton

Common, in the County of Hutingdon\ and for repair-

ing, widening, turning, and altering the Road leading

out of the aforesaid Road at or near the Ferry-house, in

the Parish of Ten,p ford, to and through Little Barford,

Eyne/bury, and Saint Neats, to the "I urnpike Road at

the End of Cross Hull Lane.

84. An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act of

the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign,

4i for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton,

44 in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of

44 Reigate, by Sidkxv A Jill, to Povey Crcjs, and from

44 Sutton aforesaid, through Che am, and over Howell

44 Hilly to Lwelly and aJfo the Read from Tad-worth, by

44 the Windmill, to the Bottom of Pebble Hill, in the

44 said County and for impowering the Trustees ap-

pointed by an Act of the tenth Year of his late Majesty

King George the First, for repairing several Roads in

the Counties of Surrey and Suffix, to make a yearly

Allowance to the Trustees appointed by the said Act of

the twenty-eighth of George the Second, and for

taking certain Roads out of the Power of the Trustees

appointed by the said Act of the tenth of George the

First, and putting them under the Direction of the

Trustees appointed by the said Act of the twenty-eighth

of George the Second; and for repairing the Road

from Povey Cross, in the County of Surrey, to the Oak

dividing the Counties of Surrey and Suffix \ and also the

Road from Woodhatch to Peteridge Lane, in the County

of Surrey.

85. An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads

from the South Gate, in the Borough of King*s-Lynny

into the Parishes of East JValton, Narborough. Stoke-

Ferry, and Doiinham-Market, in the County of Norfolk.

86. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from

the East Gate, in the Borough of King*s-Lynny into the

Parishes of Geyton and Grimjloney and to the Gate next

Millington, on Congham Common, and to the North End

of Babing/ey Lane, in the County of Nor folk.

87. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by

' an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his pre-*

sent Majesty, 44 for repairing and widening the Road

44 from the East End of IVej) Taphouse Lane to the Bo-

44 rough of Life card, and from thence to Coomb Row

44 Hcrfey and also the Road from the said Borough of

44 Lift'card to Craft Hole, and from thence to Crimble

44 Passage and Tar Pointy and from Craft Hole aforesaid

44 to Saint German's Beacon, in the Counties of Cornwall

44 and Devon,*' and for amending the Roads from Barn

Street to Dulce Churchy and from Lux Street to Cr at hick

Fordy and from Bull Post to Treworgey Crofsy in the

County of Cornwall.

38. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

JVhitchurchy in the County of Southampton, to the Turn*

pike Road at Aldermajion Great Bridge, in the County

of Berks.

89. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act

made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repair-

ing and widening the Road from Stockport in the County

of Chester, to Saxon's Lane End in the County of Lan-

caster, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned.

90. An Act to continue, amend, and render more effec-

tual the several Acts now subsisting for repairing the

Road from Dunchurch to Stone Bridge, in the County

of Warwick.

91. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act

passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from

the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford,

therein mentioned; and for amending several other'

Roads adjoining thereto.

92. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Work fop to the Turnpike Road at kelkam, and from

Del dale Hill to the Great Northern Road at South

Mujkham, in the County of Nottingham.

93. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Clydey

near the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanarky

and for making and repairing certain Roads and Avenue*

leading to the lame.

94. An Act for amending the Road from Wellsbourn

Mount forty to Stratford upon Avon, in the County of

Warwick.

95- An

