A.D. 1770.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

C. 45.

Ill

Justice or Cc.nmissioner, upon Examination on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Wit- by thm

iv*lies, that such Person really occupies Land sufficient to graze and keep ;hc Number of Beasts con- /h?

tained in such Certificate, over and above the Stock such Person is at present possessed of, for the Space to

of Three Months: And that it may appear no more Bends were brought than were contained in fufti pru? ft c'i Nu-, h r,

Certificate, every such Person shall, upon bringing any Cattle into any Parish or Place bought wn pur- alv,vp !,i St.ck,

fuance of such Certificate and Orders made in that Behalf as aforesaid, produce and shew the said Cer- *jr 3 A‘*■:U!S*

tificate to an Inspector, Churchwarden, or Overseer of the Poor, if any there be, of such Parish or ‘

Place; and fh?ll at the fame Time acquaint such Inspector, Churchwarden, or Overseer, with the ?ny pJlf;. ctrtsfica!^

Ph e where, and the Name of the Person of whom such Beads were purchased; and the said Inspector,

Churchwarden, or Overfeer, is hereby required to mark on the Back of the said Certificate, the Num- inhecWs. &,vu in*!cn«

b r of Beads so brought into any Parish or Place, and the Place where, and the Name of the Person J|lC r-'m *;

of whom such Beads were purchased, and the Day when such Certificate was so produced: And if ltna *

any Person or Persons (Butchers or others buying Fat Cattle for immediate Slaughter excepted as

aforesaid) shall, from and af er the said Twenty-fourth Day of June, One thousand (even hundred

and seventy, buy any Ox, Bull, Cow, Calf, Steer, or Heifer, during the Continuance of, and con-

trary to such Orders as aforesaid, without previously obtaining such Certificate, or shall buy more

than the Number contained in the fame, or shall not produce the said Certificate to an Inspector,

Churchwarden, or Overseer of the Poor; every such Person shall, for every Bead bought contrary

to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; the said Penalty

tobelevied, adjudged, recovered, applied, and disposed of, as is herein after directed. c:

XXV. ProviceJ always. That no Cattle shall be deemed to be bought by virtue of such Certificate fn a M,, Uh o! rJc ot'

as aforesaid, unless the fame arc purchased within One Month from the Date thereof. . Conficate.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat when and as often as any IrCjttie »ic ft frr

Cattle shall be dopped for want of a proper Certificate, pursuant and in Obedience to such Orders as «|^rheatc,i\,n-

aforesaid, the Constable, or other proper Officer of the Township or Pa&fh where the said Cattle shall to The'1 ftc 'i’it?

be so dopped, shall cause such Cattle, with all convenient Expedition, to be driven back to the next btewicU, and g vcN. i.ce

Condablewick from whence they lad came; and shall give Notice thereof to the Condable, or other thaeof to th- o*-

proper Officer of such next Condablewick, who shall, and he is hereby required to receive the said ficer* '* to ri<rive

Cattle, and to cause the fan e to be driven through his Constablewick to the next Condablewick from

whence such Cattle were driven>the Condable or other Parish Officer whereof shall receive the same as i.te ihly

aforesaid, and so from Condablewick to Condablewick until such Cattle shall arrive at the Fird arrive at the F-rft Town-

^rownship or Place in the said County, Riding, Division, or Liberty, through whic h they were fuf- through *1 ich

fered to pass without a proper Certificate, they shall be treated in such and the like?v4anner as Cattle lhry«*r<;

which have been within One Mile of an infefted Place are by this Act, or by any of His Majesty’s Lt'n Vahin VMUe^ot*

Orders of Council made or to be made in that Behalf, deemed to be treated. an infi&rd place!

XXVII. c And whereas there are no such Officers as Overseers of the Poor and Churchwardens in M-t*er$ d;iefled to be

c that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: Therefore, in Order to carry this Act, in that Part of dj‘nc h

the United Kingdom, into Execution ;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Matters ^njrch"r*, ,° I , tf,?*'

and Things appointed to be done and executed by the Overseers of the Poor £nd Churchwardens in to ^oneby ifth q]

that Part of Great Britain called England, shall, in Scotland, be done and executed by the Constabics, Scions 0uii appo r.t.

Inspeetors, or other Officers to be appointed by the Justices of the Peace for that Purpose, at their

respective Quarter-sessions, or any Adjournment thereof.

aXVIII. And, in order to make Provision, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland,

. for any Expence that may attend the Execution of this Service, be it enacted by the Authority alore- Commiflimer* of ti e

said, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Land-tax. and they arc hereby L.-nd-ux m ?cor!Jnj t*

impowered to assess their respective Counties in a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds for each County, -ik-fs thHr Counno jor

to be levied and collected in the fame Proportions, and according to the same Rules with the Land- Ex?fnC(>s of e-ucutir*

tax; and which Sum the respective Col left ors of the Land-tax for each County arc hereby required to tij;l

collect and issue, by Order of the respective Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them assembled

at the Quarter-fdfions, or Adjournment thereof.

XXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That wheresoever any PerCbn shall, for any Offence to Pecuniary Pcmli-n mary

be hereafter con. mitted against this Act, or any Law nowin being relating to the preventing the be recover* by c<.nv<&i-

Spreadingof the contagious Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom,he liable or subject 011 bt,orc Ju,ucw*

to pay any pecuniary Penalty or Sum of Money, upon Conviction before any Justice or Julliccs of

the Peace; it shall and may be lawful for any other Person whatsoever, either to proceed to recover

the said Penalty by Information and Conviction before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in such

Manner as is directtd by this Act, or to sue for the same by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, Bill, of

Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record; wherein no Essoin, Protection, J^have

or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and wherein the Plaintiff', if he "T

recovers, shall likewise have his Double Colts.

XXX. Provided, Thr all Suits and Actions to be brought by virtue of this Act, shall be brought Liir.itauon ci A<?\:i.»*

before the End of the next T erm after the Offence committed; 2nd that no Offender against any of the

J^aws now in being, for the preventing the Spreading of the Di(temp<.r which now rages amongst the

Horned Cattle, shall be proiccuted Twice for the fame Offence.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Commissioners of the All C<mn IflW.e»s eft.-.s

Tand-tax, and Reftt rs or Vicars who are rated to the Land-tax for One hundred Pounds fer Annum, ’ :a’- RuuJ- ri

/half, in their respective ParRhcs, and they are hereby impowered to grant Certificates of Health for 1

Cattle, in as full and ample Manner as any Justice er Justices of the Peace are impow'*'4 x r- cc ]>KT

Vol. X.

5 G

impowered in ar’iunA.oto pim Cu-

any i.ficatv*.

