8

C. 8. “ Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

said Court of Requests; who shall be liable and accountable to the said Commissioners of the said Court,

and the Suitors thereof, for the Acts, Deeds, and Behaviour, of the said Beadle, and his Deputy or Depu-

ties, so appointed as aforesaid, of and in the'Business of the said Court, and the Transadtions thereof.

Choice of new XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it {hall and may be lawful for the

Clerks. Commissioners who shall be fitting and acting in Court, on the next Court Day after the Death, Rcfigna-

tion, or Removal, of either of the said Clerks appointed by this Act, or so soon after as the fame is pub-

lickly known, or the major Part of them, to cause the whole Number of Commissioners for the time being,

to be summoned to meet at forne convenient Place to be appointed for that Purpose, within fix Days next

after their being summoned as aforesaid; and such Commissioners at such Meeting, or the major Part of

them then prefenr, are hereby authorized and required to eledi another Person or Persons in the Room of

such of the said Clerks so dying, resigning, or being removed, as aforesaid, for the Uses and Purposes in

this Act contained ; and so from time to time, upon every Vacancy of the said Office of Clerk for ever.

Comralflloner’a XXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no rerfon shall be capable of acting as Corn-

Oath. missioner in the Execution of this Act, until he {hall have taken an Oath to the Effect following:

* T A* B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the beftof my Judge-

* \ ment, hear and determine all such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me by virtue of an

* Act of Parliament, For the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of)Slack-

c heath, <9/* Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokefley, othct'wijs Ruxley, and of Little and Leflhefs, in the

1 County of Kent, without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to either Party/

Fee*

Which Oath the Clerks of the said Court, or either of them, or their Deputy, or any of the Commissioners,

who shall have taken such Oath, are and is hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court

and a Memorial thereof {hall be entered in the Regiiters of the said Court, by the said Clerks, or one

of them.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fees herein after limited

and expressed, and no other, shall and may be taken for the respective Services of the said Clerks and Beadle

in the Execution of this Act \ that is to say,

For every Summons,-----

1- Tj j To the Clerks,-----

For every Hearing, \jQ the Bead)e;-----

For calling the Plaintiff or { To the Clerks,-

Defendant to appear, (To the Beadle,-----

For entering an Appearance,^-----

For every Order or Nonsuit, and entering the fame,

For the Service of every Order or Summons,——

For a Copy of every Order to be served,-----

For every Execution, J® Beadle,-----I

Acknowledging Satisfaction in full,——-----

Acknowledging Satisfaction in Part,-----

For every Search, ----- - ■

For paying Money into Court,---:----- —

c s. d.

0 0 4

0 0 6

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 4

0 0 4

0 0 6

0 0 4

0 I 0

0 I 6

0 0 6

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 8

To be hung up A Table of which Fees shall, from time to time, be hung up by the Clerks of the said Court, in some con-

in the Court. fpicuous Part of the Court or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet* to the end that all Persons

may fee and read the fame.

Penalty on XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Clerks, or either of

taking greater them, or the said Beadle, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall take or demand any greater or other Fees or

Fee*. Reward, than what are above-mentioned, for 1 heir respective Services in Execution of this Act, every

Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay such Fine, not'exceeding the Sum of

' forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings, as the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them,

{hall assess and impose ; to be applied to the Relief of such Debtor or Debtors who shall be then, or at

any Time after, in the Prison or Gaol of the said Court of Requcfts, in such Manner as the fair! Com-

missioners,or any three or more of them, shall order and direct; or otherwise shall be paid to the Overseers

of the Poor of the Parish where the said Court shall fit, for the Use of the Poor of the same Parish, at the

Discretion of the said Commissioners imposing such Fine or Fines as aforesaid.

Clerks or Beadle XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon Complaint made by any

may bedischarg- Person or Persons, upon Oath in open Court, of any notorious Mi(behaviour or Neglect, or Breach of

ed* Duty of anyCleik or Clerks, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act; or any Beadle or Beadles

of the said Court, or of any Clerk or Clerks taking or demanding any greater or other bees than as above-

mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners then fitting in Court, to

inquire into the Nature of the said Complaint; and if it shall appear to the said Commissioners, or the

major Part of them, that such Complaint deserves the Consideration of the whole Number of Commission-

ers nominated and returned as aforesaid, then such Commissioners, so fitting in Court as aforesaid, are

hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned to meet, as

soon

