A» D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. C. 38.

any Foreign Raw Silk with Raw Silk of the Growth or Culture of the British Colonies or Plantations Amo-

.America, with Intent to receive any Premium or Bounty by this Act granted ; every Person or Persons^1^/0^

so making, or causing to be made, such Entry or Entries, or mixing, or causing such Mixture or Mix-

tures to be made, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for every such Offence, and all in to re-*’

such Foreign Raw Silk; and, in case of any Mixture, the Quantity so mixed both of Foreign and British ceive the Bonn-

Plantation Culture or Growth, or the Value thereof, together with the Bales or other Packages containing1? * together

the fame, shall be forfeited; and shall and may be seised and prosecuted, or the Value thereof be* sued for, oooodi^&cf

by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, as herein after mentioned. ' ’

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Importation of any Raw SilkThcBa,M to

into the Port of Lordon from His Majesty’s Plantations in America, under the Regulations aforementioned, oSc«r»

it {hall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs, or their Officers, customs,°in or.

and they are hereby required to examine the said Raw §ilk, by opening each Bale or Package, and shifting^er to afceitdin

the fame in such manner as to fee the Whole Contents; and to fix and ascertain, according to the best of^c Value;

their Judgement and Discretion, the1 true and real Value thereof, according to the Price Raw Silk then

bears at Market. * '

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the said Valuation shall have been A Certificate of

so made by the Commissioners of the Customs, or their Officers (which they are hereby required to do1 v^t,on to

within the Space of Ten Days after the-landirrg of such Raw Silk) a Certificate of such Valuation {ball |^per officer/

be signed by the proper Officer; upon producing which Certificate to the Receiver General of the Customs, and product in

Collector, ok other proper Officer of the Port of London, such Officer shall be and is hereby required forth-order to obtain

with to pay the Premium, by this Act directed, to the Importer or Owner of such Raw Silk. Payment of the

VI. Provided always^ and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Dispute or wherttherenjall

Difference {hall arise between the Commissioners of the Customs, or their Officers, and the "Importer or ^ any o.fpurea-

Ownerof such Raw Silk, touching the Valuation thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Com- bout the Vaim-

snissioners, and they are hereby required to call Two or more Persons well (killed in that Commodity, who lion* Two or

{hall declare upon Oath, if thereunto required, their Opinion as to the real and true Value of such Raw

Silk, according to the Price it would then bear at Market; which Valuation or Award of the said Two their

Persons shall be final ; and the Person intitled to such Premium or Bounty, {hall receive the same according Opinion upoo

to such Valuation, to be certified as aforesaid. Oa?h; and ihe>

- • Award *» made final.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Raw Silk of the Growth cr The premium i«

Product of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America {hall be exported from Great Britain, then; * 011

and in every such Cafe, the Persons exporting the fame shall, before the Entry thereof, pay unto the Col- ExPcrutJon»

kftor of the Customs of the Port whefe the fame shall be exported, or to the Chief Officer of the Customs

there, the full Sum which is allowed as a Premium by this Act on all such Raw Silk as he intends to ex- *bose

pert, over and above any Duty the fame is now by Taw subject to pay at Exportation by any former Act c u 19

of Parliament. ,

- VIII. And be it:further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if anyrerfon,his, her, or their Agent oron Forfeiture of

Agent*, Assignee orAffigns, shall be found fraudulently to export or load on board any Ship, Vcllel, or fuchsiik, *»d

Boat, in order to be exported, such Raw Silk, without paying such Premium to the Chief Officer or Col- Uvu:,;eih.cV4i.,*»

Jeftor of the Customs as aforesaid; such Person and Persons {hall forfeit and lose all such Raw Silk, and *7

Double the Value thereof. iwE,r«...uon.

IX. Provided always. That if any Doubt or Dispute {hall arise whether the Raw Silk, or any Part in ni'Hent-oue

thereof; so to be exported, is of the Growth or Produce of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in sh,ie- the Growth of

rica* or of Foreign Growth cr Produce, the Onus probandi shall lie on the Owner thereof, or the Person s :k ic 10 *-

daimingthe Bounty, and not on the Informer or Profcutor; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary

aotwithstanding. . Owner, &c.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Collector or Comptroller of the 2oot. Penalty rn

Customs, or Naval Officer, shall make any false Certificate; or if any Merchant, Trader, Factor, or making a f/fit

other Person, {hall make any false Oath with regard to the Growth of such Raw Silk ; or if any Master Certificate, or

or Commander of any Ship or Vessel shall make any false Oath concerning the Certificate or Package of fallc°ath

such Raw Silk ; or if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit any such Certificate as is herein before di- 0r, counterfeit^

rested to be made, in order to obtain any Premium hereby granted ; all and every such Person and Per- any Certificate j

font, so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, {hall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds : And if ;»nd, ifanOfFkcr,

any such Person, so offending, {hall be a Collector, Comptroller, or Naval Officer, or any other Officer i'orfei ure ot

of the Custom*, he {hall also forfeit and lose his Office, and be incapable of serving His Majesty, His PUcc also> &c*

Heirs and Successors.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures by Recovery of the

"this Act inflicted, {hall and may be prosecuted, determined, and recovered, by Bill, Plaint, or Informa- *ni

tion, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at WestminJier^, or in any of the Courts of Admiralty in For,c;lu,cl*

His Majesty’s Plantations in America respectively, where such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred;

wherein no KfToin, Prdteftion, Wager of Law, or more than* One Imparlance {hall be allowed.

XII. And be :it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by <n<\ Application

this Act imposed shall; if incurred in Great Britain, be applied. One Moictv to the Use of His thereof.*

Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Pexfon or Persons as shall fuc for

4 K 2 the

c >Qie

