The TITLES of the STATUTES.

County of Middlesex \ and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

<4* An Act for further continuing the Duties granted and

continued by several Acts made in the sixth and tenth

Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the seventh

Year of the Reign of King George the First, for re-

pairing the Harbour and Key of Hatchett, in the

County of Somerset.

25. An Act for the better paving* repairing, and cleansing,

the Streets, and other publick Pafl'aecs, in the several

Parishes and Wards of Saint Michael, Saint John, Holy

Rhocd, Saint Laurence, All Saints within the Bar, All

Saints with:at the Bar, and East Street and Bag-row,

within the Town of Southampton* and Liberties thereof;

and for preventing Nuiances and Annoyances therein;

and for wiJening and rendering the fame more commo-

dious; and for the lighting and watching the said

Streets and publick Passages.

*6. An Act for further continuing the Terms and Powers,

granted and continued by three Acts pafl'cd in the

twelfth and thirteenth Years of William the Third, the

tenth of Queen Anne, and in the eleventh Year of his

Jate Majesty George the Second, for recovering, fccu-

ring, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead,

in the County of Somerset; and for the more effectual

, carrying the said Acts into Execution; and also for the

better securing the ancient Dues payable to the Lord or

Lady of the Manor of Minehead for the Time being.

27. An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act of the

twenty-fourth Year of his late Majesty, for making the

River Nar navigable, from the Town and Port of King's

Lynn to IVcfacre in the County of Norfolk, and for

making the said Act more effectual.

*8. An Act for rebuilding the Common Gaol of the

County of Essex.

29. An Act to explain, amend, and make more effectual,

an Act passed in the fifth Year of his Majesty’s Reign,

intituled, An Act for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of

Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Brom-

ley and Beckingham, of Rokefley otherwise Ruxley, and

Little and Lcfihcfs, in the County of Kent; and one

other Act passed in the sixth Year of his Majesty’s

Rcien, for extending the Provisions of the said Act to

the Hundred of ITailington, in the County of Surrey

30. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made in

the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for better

Jeeuririf the Duties of Ctstoms upon certain Goods removed

from the (Jut Ports and other Places to London; for regu-

la ting the Fees of the Officers of his Majesty s Customs in

the Province cf Seing.unbia in Africa; for allowing to

the Receivers general of the Duties on ()Jfces and Employ-

ments in Scotland, a proper Compensation for their Trouble

and Expences; for the better PrcJervation of Hollies,

Thorns, and Quickfts, in Fore/ls, Chaces, and private

Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Fore/ls and

Chaces; and for author if rig the Exportation of a limited

Quantity of an inferior Serf of Barley, called Bigg, from

the Port of Kirkwall in the ljlands of Orkney.

Jf. An Act for extending like Liberty, in the Exportation

of Rice from East and IVeJl Florida to the Southward of

Cape Finisterre in Europe, as is granted, by former Acts

of Parliament, to Carolina and Georgia.

32. An Act for defraying the Expence of building the

New Office of Excilc in London, out of his Majesty’i

Revenue of Excite.

33. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several

of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the

lift Scilion of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act

made in the same Session* intituled, An Act for granting

an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in

Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand

seven hundred and sixty-nint\ and for appointing other

Commissioners, together with those named in the first-

mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this

Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty

by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the

Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and

seventy.

34. An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts for

providing a Publick Reward for discovering the Lon-

gitude at Sea; for improving the Lunar Tables con-

strufted by the late Professor Mayer 5 and for encoura-

ging Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation.

35. An Act to enable the Governor, Council, and Ailem-

bly of his Majesty’s Colony of New York, to pass an Act

of Aflbmbly for creating and issuing upon Loan Paper

Bills of Credit to a certain Amount; and to make the

fame a legal Tender in Payments into the Loan Offices

and Treasury of the said Colony.

36. An Act for redeeming the Capital or Joint Stock of

Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings

per Centum, established by an Act made in the twenty-

ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to

his Majesty the Sum of two Millions, to be raised by way

of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking

Fund, redeemable by Parliament 5 and for extending to

Ireland the Laws made tn this Kingdom against private

and unlawful Lotteries.

37. An Act for continuing so much of an Act made* in

the third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act to continue and amend two Acts made in the twenty-

first and twenty-eighth Tears of his late Majesty s Reign,

for encouraging the making of Indico in the nritish Plan-

tations in America; and for the extending the Provisions

of an Act of the thirtieth Tear of his late Majesty's Reign,

with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to

Spaniln Prize Goods taken since the late Declaration of

War with Spain, as relates to encouraging the making

of Indico in the British Plantations in America; and for

explaining so much of an Act made in the fifth Year of

his present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the regulating

the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in America; and

for extending the fame to the Naval Officers there.

38. An Act for continuing the Bounties on British and

Irish Linens exported; for further* discontinuing the

Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns

made of Flax 5 and for granting a Bounty on the Ex-

portation of British checqucd and striped Linens, and

upon British and Irish Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheeting,

and other Linen of above a certain Breadth.

39. An Act for registering the Prices at which Corn ia

fold in the Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity

exported and imported.

40. An Act for appropriating a Fund, established by an

Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his pre-

sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Alajeftf

additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into

this Kingdom, and for tftablishing a Fund f or the encou

raging of the Raising and pressing of Hemp and Flax.

41. An Act to enable the Speaker of the House of Com*

mons to issue his Warrants to make out new Writs for

the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, in the

Room of such Members as shall die during the Reccfa

of Parliament.

f a 42. Am

