266 C. 49.

Anno sexto Georgii Ifl. A. D. 1766.

Ko Goof

Anifricau f’io-

G-'Cc, liable to

D t!c«, to b • im-

ported imo *ny

British Colony

from Dom oiv.1,

with tr a Ccr

tificute ;

on Ko: future of

XVII- And it is hereby further ehafled by the Authority aPorefaid* That from and after the said first

Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, no Goods or Commodities whatsoever of

American Produce, liable to the Payment of any Duty on Importation into any British Colony or Planta*

lion on the Continent of America, shall be imported there, from the said Island of Dominica* without a Cer-

tificate, to be produced and proved in the Manner before directed, (petrifying whether such Goods are the

Growth or Produce of any Foreign or British Colony or Plantation, on Forfeiture of such Goods, and the

Vessel in which the fame shall be imported; to be seized and prosecuted as herein after is directed.

the Good? and Vessel.

Aprlication of XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising by the faij

the DutMt pay- Duties upon the Importation into this Kingdom, from the said Ports in the Ifljnd of Dominica, of such

*ortati*onh ^*00^s anc^ Merchandizes as are herein before diretfted to be deemed and taken to be of French or Foreign

Good^TmoGreat ^r°duce, shall (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, recovering, paying, and accounting for,

B itain from the same) be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and be applied and disposed of to such Use*

Dominica, a»arc as the Duties upon such Foreign Goods are now applicable unto.

d c.xcd of

French or foreign^roduce,

vrarehoused, and

to be dehvrred

out, if for Ex-

portation, upon

certain Condi-

Dvjt-e? payable XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That thelm-

upon importa- porter or Proprietor of any Goods or Commodities liable to the Payment of any Duties to his Mapfty*

tion of uncerti- * his Heirs or Successors, which shall be lawfully imported from the said Island of Dominica into Great Bri-

u alfTro*orted tain, after the said first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, without any such

from Dominica Certificate as is herein before mentioned, shall and may, upon the Importation thereof, pay down in ready

%iz% opm ) Money to the Collector of his Majesty’s Customs, only three Pence per hundred Weight Avoirdupois upon

Sugars j Sugars so imported ; and only one-half of the Old Subsidy granted by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage*

“P®"other made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, upon all other Goods j which said rc-

NoD-awback to ^c^ve Duties shall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the Exportation of such Sugars, and other

be allowed cn ' Goods ; provided the fame shall, upon landing, be immediately lodged and secured under the King’s Locks,

the Exportation, in Warehouses provided at the foie Expence of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, with the Privity and

sugars arwi Approbation, and under the Care and lnspectiom of the Commissioners or Principal OiBcers of the Cuf-

Coo<b be toms for the Port where such Sugary and other Goods, shall be imported $ and shall not be delivered out

of any such Warehouse but upon the following Conditions ; that is to say, if such Sugars, or other Goods*

or any Part thereof, shall be delivered for Exportation to Foreign Parts, the Owner or Exporter thereof,

together with one other sufficient Person, shall enter into Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in

Treble the Amount of the full Duties which would be due and payable for such Sugars, or other Goods,

if the fame were consumed in this Kingdom ; with Condition that no Part of such Sugars* and other Goods,

shall be relanded in Great Britain ox Ireland, or any of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Grtat

Britain ; which Bonds shall be discharged in the same Manner as the Bonds given for the due Exportation

of prohibited East India Goods are discharged by any Law now in Force.

If such Su?»rs ,or aX. And, the better to prevent the relanding such Sugars, or other Goods, be it further enacted by the

Goods be reland- Authority aforesaid. That if any such Sugars, or other Goods, shall be relanded, or unshipped to be relanded*

ed, or unfhipp^d, contrary to this Act, the fame, together with the Boats, Lighters, or any other Vessels, Horses, or other

Aa^KeyVc13 Cattle and Carriages whatsoever, which may be employed or made use of in the Removal, Carriage, or

forfeited, with Conveyance, thereof, as also the Ship or Vessel from which the fame shall be unloaded, together with her

the VcfleJ and Furniture and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the

Gtrriaie em- Customs ; and all and every Person or Persons who shall be assisting, or otherwise concerned in the un-

pl7p^ere,n5 shipping or relanding such Sugars, or other Goods, or to whose Hands the fame shall knowingly come after

cerned torfeit011" unshipping thereof, shall forfeit Treble the Value of such Sugars, and other Goods -y which said Penal-

ties and Forfeitures shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided, in such Manner and

Form, and by such Rules and Regulations, as Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted for unshipping pro-

hibited or uncustomed Goods in this Kingdom may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided, by

any Law now in Force.

, XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Su-

gars, or other Goods, shall be shipped, or permitted to be shipped or loaclen, for Re exportation from

Great Britain, on board any Ship or Vessel of less Burthen than Seventy Tons ; to be ascertained by the

exportation, not same Rules and Dimensions, as the Tonnage of Ships importing Brandy and other Spirits into this King-

to be under 70 dorn ;s to be ascertained, by an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, irni-

to°be ascertained tu^C(^> * An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Publick Revenues of Excise, Customs, Stamp

pursuant to Act 4 Duties, Post Office, and House Money/

6 Geo. x.

jf the Sugars or XXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any such Sugars, or other

Goods be taken Goods, shall be taken out of any Warehouse wherein the lame shall be secured as aforesaid, in order to be

rut for Home ufecj jn t]n's Kingdom ; the Person or Persons, so taking out the fame, shall first pay up the Remainder cf

the Duties which would have been due and payable upon the Importation of the like Sugars or other Goois,

of the Growth or Production of the French Colonies or Plantations in America, into this Kingdom; and

they shall, in all other Respects, be liable to the fame Restrictions and Regulations as such French Sugars

and Goods would have been subject and liable to if this Act had not been made,

XXIII. Pm-

Treble Value.

Vessel on board

vi hich Sugars or

Goods thall be

{hipped for Re

t'onfumption,

the Remainder

et the Dufies to

l>c paid, &c.

I

