A. D» 1766. Anno sexto Georgii 1IT. C. 14. 155

shall determine, and bo no longer put in Execution; save only and except in all Cares relating to the re-cMdiftiedbyth*

covering any Arrears which may, at that Time, remain unpaid of the said Duties, or to any Penalty orre.

Forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon or at any Time before the said fifth Dav of July, one thou- citt^ A«of

sand seven hundred and sixty-six; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 4. GEO 3. *Xc Pt

as 10 Arrc'rtj or

Penalties incurred before that Time.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July, in lieu of th’e

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, there shall be raised, collected, levied, and paid, unto and for Duties so repeal-

the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Cyder and Perry which shall, at any ^cVor^adJi-

Time or Times, be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain* over and above all other Cu- |"0gna|C Duties are

stoms, Subsidies, and Duties, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law whatsoever, imposed upon, or to take place;

payable for, the fame, the additional Rate, or new Duty or Excise, herein after expressed; that is to say, viz. on all foreign

for every Ton of Cyder or Perry imported into Great Britain from any Parts beyond the Seas, and so pro- Cyder and Perry

portionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Importer before landing, over and above all l^rp^r^d! 3

other Duties payable for the fame, three pounds. Pi

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July* and on all Cyder

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the PcnIJad<5

Use of his Majestjr, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Cyder and Perry which shall be made within ^ /lU,n*

the Kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all other Duties, Charges, and Impositions, by any former RetIuf per

Act or Acts of Parliament thereupon respectively set, rated, or impoled, the New Duty of Excise herein Hogshcad.

after mentioned and expressed; that is to say, For all Cyder and Perry, which shall be made in Great Bri-

tain, and sold by Retail, upon every Hogshead, to be paid by the Retailer thereof, over and above all other to be paid by the

Duties payable on the fame, and so proportionably for a greater or less Measure, six Shillings. Retailer;

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of and °n a11 cJ6cr

July* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and

for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Cyder and Perry, which shall be anJ conflgned t(J

made in Great Britain, upon every Hogsliead thereof, which shall be sent or conflgned to any Factor or any Factor forj

Agent who shall receive the same to fell or dispose of, and so proportionably for a greater or less Quantity, Sale, 16 s. 8 d.

sixteen Shillings and eight Pence, to be paid by such Factor or Agent. ETp^bjthe*

Factor.

% V. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person ah Perrons

and Persons, who shall receive into his, her, or their Custody or Possession any Cyder or Perry, to be by receiving any

him* her, or them, fold or disposed of, shall be deemed to be, and is and are hereby declared to be, »StoThVirCuiL,

Factor or Agent, Factors or Agents, within the Intent of the last mentioned Clause, and chargeable as dy> forsaie, am

such with the said Duty of sixteen Shillings and eight Pence per Hogshead; unless he, she, or they, so re- deemed Factor*#

ceiving the fame, shall and do make due Proof that such Cyder or Perry was made from Fruit of his, her, chargeable

or their own Growth respectively, and not from bought Fruit; or unless it shall appear by a Certificate £,th the said

under the Hand of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, accompanying the said Cyder or Perry, that

the Duties imposed by this and all former Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force had been charged on the from Fruit of

fame. their own

Growth; or were otherwise duly charged,

VI. Provided always, That in case any Cyder or Perry shall be received by any Factor or Agent, Dealer Where it shall

or Retailer, for which it shall appear by a proper Certificate that all or any Part of the Duties, imposed by *ppear th4t the

this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament; have been charged on the fame, such Factor or Agent, ^‘been du,y

and such Dealer or Retailer respectively, receiving such Cyder or Perry with a proper Certificate, certify-enarged, the*

ing that such Duties have been already charged for such Cyder or Perry, shall not be charged with the Factor Jnd Re-

Payment of such Duties, charged as aforesaid, on receiving such Cyder or Perry into his Stock, or on the tai!rrare no:t»

Dec re afe thereof. ' becharged anew*

VII. . Provided also, That if any Factor or Agent shall, during the Continuance of the Act of this pre- Factor having

sent Session of Parliament, intituled, 4 An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties the Duryof

€ upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty- 4*- Per Ho?-

fix,’ becharged with, and shall pay the Duty of four Shillings per Hogshead upon any Quantity of Cy- {^M^Act of

der or Perry granted by the said Act, and chargeable upon him or her as the Receiver thereof, such Factor th* s/rti >n, it to

or Agent shall, by the Authority of this Act, for every Hogshead of such Cyder or Perry so charged, stand rtanJ discharged

discharged of four Shillings, Part of the sixteen Shillings and eight Pence granted by this Act, and charge- of much in

able upon him or her as Factor or Agent by virtue of this Act the Ncvv duties. /

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of barters of Vef-

July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, the Master or other Person having the Charge of any Ship, Ms carrying Cy-

Vessel, Barge, or Trow, in which shall be shipped or put on board any Cyder or Perry, to be carried dfr or Ferry

from one Part of this Kingdom to another, shall, within three Days after his Arrival at any Port or Place to

where any Part of such Cyder or Perry is to be delivered, give to the proper Officer cf Excise, to be ap- r(fof jj^he

pointed for that Purpose by the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, a proper officer of

)uft and true Account in Writing of the whole Quantity of Cyder and Perry by him received on hoard; F'c.fe, within

distinguishing in such Account the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons by whom the fame, and 3 i>*ysaftcrt’-.cir

every Part thereof, was put on board, and at what Place; and the Names and Places of Abode of the'?,*

Persons to whom the fame, and every Part thereof, is or was lent, directed, or conflgned, and where the aic Account" the

X z fame,

c.

