114 C. 45.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

A.D. 1765.

for the remain-

ing Duties on

such as shall be

landed.

Clause in Act

4 Geo. j. c. 15

Act S Geo. 2.

C. 12.

Importation of

British Ameri-

can iron extend-

edto Ireland, and

of Lumber, to

Ireland, the Ma-

deira?, Azores,

or to any Part

of Europe South

of Cape Finif-

terre, upon

giving Bond.

Clause in Act 23

Geo. 2, c. 29.

sixty Days from the Date of such Bond, for all such Rice as shall be landed out of any Ship so entered and*

reported ; which Bond shall and may be vacated and discharged upon Payment of the said remaining Du-

ties within the Time before limited and appointed, or upon the said Rice being duly reshipped and exported;

any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 XXII. And whereas by an Act made in the last: Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting

,4 certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America ; for continuing amending, and making per*

4 petualy an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled,

4 An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America);

4 for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defray-

4 ing the Expences of defending, protefting, and securing, the said Colonies and Plantations/, for explaining an

4 Act made in the twenty-fifth I ear of the ReigYiof King Charles the Seoond (intituled, An Act for the En-

4 couragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade)*;

4 and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually pre~

4 venting the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and

4 securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain; it is, amongst other Things, enacted. That from

4 and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, no Iron, nor

4 any Sort of Wood, commonly called Lumber, as specified in an Act passed in the eighth Year of the

4 Reign of King George the First, intituled. An Act for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of

4 Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned^ of “the Growth, Production, or Manufacture, of

4 any British Colony or Plantation in America, shall be there laden on board any Ship or Vessel to be car-

4 ried from thence, until sufficient Bond shall be given, with one Surety besides the Master of the Vessel,'

* to the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at the loading Port, in a Penalty of double

4 the Value of the Goods, with Condition, that the said Goods shall not be landed in any Part of Europe,

4 except Great Britain, and to bring Certificates in Discharge thereof within the respective Times, and in

4 the Manner directed by the said Act: And whereas it may be expedient to extend the Importation of

4 such Iron to Ireland, and also to extend the Importation of such Wood, commonly called Lumber, to

4 Ireland, and to the Madeiras, and the Western Islands called the Azores, and any Part of Europe to the

4 Southward of Cape Finijlerrc \ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after

the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, any Iron, being the Production or Manu-

faftures of any British Colony or Plantation in America, shall and may be there laden on board any Ship

or Vessel to be carried from thence to Ireland; and also that any Wood commonly called Lumber, as spe-

cified in the said Act of the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, of the

Growth orProduftion of any British Colony or Plantation in America, shall and may, in like Manner, be

there laden on board any Ship or Vessel to be carried from thence to Ireland, or to the Madeirasy or the-

Western IHes called The Azores, or to any Part of Europe to the Southward of Cape Finijlerrey upon

sufficient Bond being given in the Penalty and in the Manner directed by the said Act made in the last

Session of Parliament, with Condition, that the said Goods shall be there landed accordingly, and notin-

any other Part of Europe, except Great Britain; and that Certificates under the Hands and Seals of the

Collector or other principal Officer <?f the Customs resident at the Port or Place where such Goods shall be.

landed in Ireland\ testifying the Landing thereof, shall be produced to the Collector or other principal

Officer where Bond shall have been given, within eighteen Months from the Date of such Bond ; and that-

for such of the said Goods as shall be entered for, and landed at, the Madeiras, or the Western Isles called

The Azores, or any Part of Europe to the Southward of Cape Finifierrey the like Certificate shall be pro-

duced within the same Time to the Officers before-mentioned, under the Common Seal of the Chief

Magistrate, or under the Hand and Seal of the British Consul, or Hands and Seals of two known British

Merchants residing where such Goods dial! be landed 5 and upon the producing of such Certificate, or

Proof upon Oath being made by two credible Persons, that the said Goods were taken by Enemies, or

perished in the Seas, the said Bond shall be discharged ; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary

notwithstanding.

XXIII. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King'

and in A& 30

Geo. 2. c. 16.

Repeal of Clause

in the rrcitcdA&

•♦23 lco. 2.

p ohibmnp

the Exporration

Iren, or car-

rying the Tame

Cnattwife.

which should be imported from thence into the Port of London free of Duty, as by the said recited Act

was permitted, should be afterwards exported or carried Coadwife to be landed at any other Port or Place

of Great Britain, except for the Use of his Majesty’s Dock Yards, under the Penalties and Forfeitures in

the said recited Act mentioned : And whereas by another Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of

his said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. An Act to extend the Liberty granted by an Act of

the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, of importing Bar Iron from his Alajefiys Colonies in

America into the Port of London, to the rejl of the Ports of Great Britain, and for repealing certain Clauses

in the said Act; such Bar Iron may now be imported from the said British Colonies in America into all the

Ports of Great Britain free of Duty; and it will be to the Advantage of the said Colonies, as well as to

the Trade of this Kingdom, if such Bar Iron was allowed to be exported from Great Britain, or carried

Coastwise therein j be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day

of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the said Clause in the before-recited Act of the twenty

third Year of his late Majesty, prohibiting the Exportation of such Bar Iron, or carrying the fame Coast-

wife in Great Britain, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be, repealed*

- XXIV. And

