A.D. 177©* Anno decimo Georgii III.' ‘ C. 4, 5, 6, 7, 643

most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of His or Their Privy Council, Jmpowered to

from Time to Time, to continue all or any of the said Orders made for that Purpose by his Majesty in OrMrtin^uncit,

Council, bearing Date the Seventh, and Fourteenth, and Twenty-second Days of December last, and to ,^*0 ^tc°nud

extend the fame to all such Counties and Places in Great Britain, and all other His Majesty’s Dominions fame to such

thereunto belonging, or any Part or Parts thereof, as His Majesty, in his great Wisdom mail judge mod Counties «nd

expedient and effectual to prevent the spreading such infcftious# Distemper ; and all the Powers and Hc

Authorities, Rules, Orders, and Regulations therein contained and inserted, shall be in Force, and the n^jcn^&c*"

fame {hall be duly executed and obeyed by all His Majesty’s Subjects respectively, and are hereby efta- 9

blished, enabled and declared to be as go6a and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, during such

Time as the fame shall be continued by this Act, as if the fame were herein repeated and exprefidy

enacted; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding : And if any Action or Suit shall

be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defen-

dant or Defendants, in every such Action, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special General Mb*

Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done in Pursuance and by

Authority of this Act, or of some Rule, Order, or Regulation, made in pursuance of this Act as afore-

said 5 and if it appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants :

And if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall

have appeared $ and if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the

Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover 1 reble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame, Treble Cost».

as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law.

III. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, The Powers,&c.

Orders, and Regulations, hereby confirmed and established, shall continue and be in Force until the First hereby confirm-

Day of November, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the End of

the then next Session of Parliament. . ,"70,X,

IV. Provided nevertheless, That the said Continuation of the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Orders, unief, repeated

and Regulations, or any of them, may be repealed, abridged, or shortened ; and also that the fame, or or altered by

any of them, may be enlarged, altered, and varied, by any other Act or Acts to be made in this present Parliament.

Session of Parliament.

CAP. V.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy. EXP.

CAP. VI.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service

of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy. EXP.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore. EXP.

CAP. VIII. ,

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present

Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon

the Importation of Tallow, Hogs-Lard, and Grease.

c TWHEREAS an Act of Parliament passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma-P^mble.

€ VV jesty, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation*^1 Geot

* of Tallow, Hots-Lard, and Grease, which was to continue in Force for Three Years, from the Twenty- wt510

€ fifth Day of march. One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, is near expiring: And whereas the continue in Foret

* allowing the Importation of Tallow, Hogs-Lard, and Grease, for a further Time, may be of great Ad-for 3 Yar*, Ire.

* vantage to both Kingdoms : May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and* be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That the said Act, and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Allowances, Matters, further continue!'

and Things therein contained, shall be continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty-fifth li!1 a5 Marck

Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, as fully and effectually to all Intents and 177

Purposes, as if the fame were inserted and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

CAP.

*N a

