54° C. 14, 15,16.. . Anno nono Georgii Ilf.' A. D. 1769.

Duplicate! of of ttfe several Books of Assessments which have been or shall be made and delivered by the respective

ni^us anAli- Assessors of the Land Tax to the Commissioners of the Land Tax in any Division or Place, or ?o their'

nuce Bocks,respective Clerks for the Time being, and which are or shall be in the Custody, Keeping, or Poffiliion,

d^cljred to be the of such Commissioners or Clerks respectively, and all Minute Books, and other Public Books and Papeis

Property of the relating to the Land Tax, in the Custody, Keeping, or Possession, of any such Clerk or Clerks who hath

^or have been, or shall be removed from such Office or Offices, or in the Custody, Keeping, or Possession,

c *5 of the Executors, Administrators, or other legal Representatives, of any Person or Persons who hath or

have died, or shall die, during his or their holding such Office or Offices, or after his or their Removal from

the fame, or in the Custody, Keeping, or Possession, of his or their respective Agent or Attorney, or of

any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be, the Property of

the Commissioners of the Land Tax, acting in such respective Division or Place for the Time being and

in Succession, as Records of and belonging to them the said Commissioners for thfcir Use and Inspection ;

and tobedeposit-and shall be placed and deposited with and remain in the Custody, Keeping, and Possession of them the

ed vriththcjn,£?c. said Commissioners, or their respective Clerks for the Time being, or of such other Person as the said

Commissioners, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, shall, from Time to Time, at their

Meetings, order, direct, or appoint,

and t* b«deliver- VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thrft all and every the Person and Persons

ed of to the Or- aforesaid, now or at any Time hereafter, havingin his or their.Custody, Keeping, or Possession, any such

®°°^s or Papers aforesaid relating to the Land Tax, shall, within the Space ot One Calendar Monrh

»jffionerivrftkhj next after Notice in Writing, signed by Three or more of the said Commissioners respectively, or a true

Ctae Month after Copy thereof, given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, deliver and give up

all such Books and Papers unto such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, by such Notice, shall

order and appoint ; whose Receipt for the fame shall be a good and sufficient Discharge to such Person or

•a Forftitort of Persons so delivering such Books and Papers : And if any such Person or Persons, now or at any Time

3^* hereafter, having in his or their Custody, Keeping, or Possession. any such Books or Papers, shall refuse-

or neglect so to deliver the fame within, the Time limited by such Notice, and Demand made; he or they

shall, for such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain ; One

Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County wherein such Offence-

shall happen to be committed, and shall by him be applied in Aid of the Land Tax for the said County,

and accounted for by him accordingly ; and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall

foe for the fame ; and shall be recovered, together with Full Colts of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint,

or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westmin/iery in which.no Eflbin, Protection^

Wager of Law* or mope than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

CAP. XV.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year O

thousand (even hundred and sixty-nine*. EXP.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to amend and render more efftftual an Act made in the Twenty-Brft Year of the-

Reign of King James the First, intituled, An At1 jar the general Quiet of the Subjects againfk

alt Pretences of Concealment whatsoever.

fimrtle. a tttHER E AS an Act of Parliament was made and paflbd in the Twenty-first Year of the Reigrii

* a.2*^1* X* C VV of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects again]} all Pretences

4 of Concealment whatsoever; and thereby the Right and Title of the King, His Heirs and Succefifors, in,

€ and to all Manors, Lands, Tenements, Tythes,. and Hereditaments, (except Liberties and Franchises}

4 were limited to Sixty Years next before the Beginning of the said Session of Parliament; and other

4 Provisions and Regulations were therein made, for securing to all His Majesty’s Subjects the free and;

4 quiet Enjoyment of alL Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, which they, or those under whom they

4 claimed, respectively had, held, or enjoyed, or whereof they had taken the Rents, Revenues, issues,

€ or Profits, for the Space of Sixty Years next before the Beginning of the said Session of Parliament i

€ And whereas the said Act is now, by Efflux of Time* become inelfeftual to answer the good End and'

* Purpose of securing the general Quiet of the Subject against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever :*

Wherefore be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Assent and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the,

The-Crowa dif- Authority of the same, That the King’s Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, shall not at any Time hcie-*

abled to foe, or after, file, impeach, question, or implead, any rerfon or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for cn

implead any Per-;a any wjfc concerning any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, or Hereditaments whatsoever

fonforany^Ma- (other than Liberties or Franchises) or for or in any wise concerning the Revenues, Issues, or Profits

H^ditamol*' thereof* or make any Title,. Claim, Challenge, or Demand, of* in, or to the fame, or any of them, by

mu * reafwv

