A.D. 1769.

Anno nono Georgii III.

C. 26. 589

XXXV. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted, That by the Discharge of any Prisoner or Fugi- Difchanjeof Pp-

tive by Force of this Act, no other Person or Persons who was or were Partner or Partners in Trade

with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, at the Time of his or her Discharge under this Act, or then flood p^fner or Sure-

bound, engaged with, or liable to the Payment of any Debt with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, or en- ties,

gaged in any Contract together with any such Prisoner or Fugitive, {hall be discharged from any such Debt

or Demand; but every such other Person and Persons shal] severally {land and be chargeable with, and

liable to pay such Debt and Deb:s, and to perform such Contracts, in like Manner, as if any such Prisoner

or Fugitive had never been discharged from the same. ’

XaXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or Keeper, or reputed Gaoler or Keeper of m3^,ns

any Prison or Prisons, shall make or cause to be made any false Entries in any Book or Books belonging [heVrUon B«!ok

to any Prison or Gaol under his Care, or of which he is or was Gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause or Lists, Mem

to be prepared or kept any false Book or Books, in order for any false or untrue Entry or Entries to befool, with

made therein; or shall inlert in any Litt to be delivered in as aforesaid, the Name or Names of any Person TebliCofls,

or Persons who was not a Prisoner or Prisoners in aDual Custody in any such Gaol or Prison upon the

Paid Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, or shall not have

ever fmee remained in such actual Custody; except as in the Oath of any such Gaoler or Keeper, or de-

puted Gaoler or Keeper, {hall be excepted j every such Gaoler or Keeper, or deputed Gaoler or Keeper,

shall, over and above the Penalties which he {hall be liable to for every such Fraud, forfeit and pay the over and

Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by and in the Name, and forall^hcKr ^ena, Ile*

the Use of any Person or Persons who {hall be prejudiced by any Entry, or such false Entries; which Pe- or c rau

ralties {hall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information* in any of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at Weslmirijler, wherein no Eiloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One

Imparlance shall be allowed. -

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Prisoner, being thereunto required by any Creditor, pr'foner refu^n5

shall refuse to discover and declare the Trade or Occupation and Habitation or last Place of Abode of the

Person or Persons at whose Suit he or she is detained or charged in Custody; or being called for and de- person at whose

fired, by any Creditor or Creditors, to come to the Lodge of the Prison in which any such Prisoner lhallsu;the isdetain-

be confined, without some reasonable Cause being made appear to the contrary; every such Prisoner, upon b or to come to

Proof being made thereof before the Justices at any General or Quarter-session of Peace, or any Adjourn-lhc Creditor m

ment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any Benefit or Lifcharge by or under this ^ud-d the Re-

Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. this Act.

XXXVIII. And whereas there is but one Common or County Gaol for each of the respective Coun-

4 ties of York and Lincoln, which said Counties are each of them divided into several Ridings or Divisions,

4 all which have several Commissions of the Peace; and if the Gaolers of those Goals be obliged to carry

the Debtors, Prisoners therein, to the Quarter-session of each Riding or Division, the fame will be a

Gaol thereof respectively, or at some convenient Place near thereto, and they are hereby required to al- &c. tt,r LMchuge

ferabie and meet, and to hold Section there, by Adjournment from their respective Quarter-flflion, from of 1 nioners.

Time to Time, for the Discharge of the respective Prisoners therein, according to the Powers, Limitations,

and Directions of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Debtors, and others, who Those who are

were in Prilon on or before the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and i°nei<their

sixty-eight, or since, in any of the Gaols of this Kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their

Fees, Rents, or any other Demands, due, or claimed as due, to the Keeper or Gaoler of any Prison re- c.i irorOTucr,

spectively, or to any other Officer of any such Prison, and upon no other Account, shall be discharged to bedifcliarg*a/

therefrom, he, {lie, or they taking the Oath by this Art required to be taken by Prisoners.

XL. Provided always, T hat this Act fh?ll not extend to discharge any Person out of Prison, forking his1^ ,fors to t!ie.

or her Discharge under this Act, with respect to any Debt wi h which he or she shall fl uid charged at

the Suit of the Crown, or shall be indebted to any Body Politick or Corporate, or to any one Person, in aVov'c- i.ccoh^o

any Sum exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds, hefides Interest and Costs, unless such Body Po- On? i»f con, in.

Jitkk or Corporate, or Creditor, shall consent thereto; and if any such Body Politick or Corporate, Cro-lc“ t-s

ditor or Creditors, to whom a Sum exceeding.One thousand Pounds shall be owing, shall oppose the Dif- ^1,rc x~

ch. rge of such Prisoner, and shall infi.t that such Prisoner be continued in Gaol, that then, and in such JicnJ t

Cafe, such Body-Politick or Corporate, or Creditor or Creditors opposing the said Prisoner’s Discharge ro^r)

aforesaid, shall, at his, her, or their proper Cost and Charges, allow and pay in the Whole such a Week- p-fro-.cp/Lu'-18

Jy Maintenance to the said Prisoner, not exceeding T hree Shillings and Sixpence per Week, in such ch.v:e to alW

Manner as the said Justices in iheir General or Quarter-session, or some Adjournment thereof, shall order;I,n> 6d.

and upon Nonpayment of the fame for the Space of Six Weeks, the said Prisoner, upon Application to the^'^

said J u It ices in their General or Quarter-session held as aforesaid, shall be discharged purl'uant to the Intent ^nf>

nifelur. c 4.

and upon Nonpayment of the fame for the Space of Six Weeks, the said Prisoner, upon Application to the

said Jultkxs in their General or Quarter-session held as aforesaid, shall.

and Meaning of this Act. * -

XLI. 1 rovided also, That every Person and Persons intitled or to be intit led to the Benefit of this Act, d harps to bt

{hall obtain their respective Dischargcs on or before:the First Dav of Augnjl\ One thousand seven hundred^ ^ ^ 1

and seventy-one, or {hall be excluded from all Benefit of this Act. - Al;*ub

XLII. 4 And

