726

a*J on Iuli#bi-

t-rnts delivering

tht time.

Selvrnjer to

clo mic ihe n

Stitcts, &c.

and remote the

Sjil in dueTiaic.

Penalty on Ne-

Hrjvsnfer pnr-

chjTng A'hfj,

«viC. not 1 hereby

e»cnipieJ Iroin

I’enaky.

Comm'fTioner*

msy order the

Street*, Arc. to

be new paved,

1

in Manner here

directed.

Pavements injur-

ed by Water

Company, tobe

made good at

their tx pence.

Penalty on De-

fault,

CorrmifTioner*

m?y conti for

the Paving, &c.

Notice thereof

to be given.

C. 25. Anno decimo Georgii IIL A. D. 1770.

such Person, or his Mailer or Principal, shall lawfully and bona fide have purchased of such Persons as are

intitled to sell the same by virtue of this Act) upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of

Twenty Shillings 5 and if any Inhabitant of any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, or

other publick Pall^ges shall deliver, or cause, permit, or fufrer to be delivered, his, her, or their Allies,

Cinders, Dung. Dust, Dirt, Soil, Manure or Rubbish (except such as they are hereby authorised to fell

or dispose of as aforesaid) to or for any Person or Persons who shall come or call for the fame, with any Cart

or Carriage, not having the Words, THE SCAVENGER’S CART, or such other Words or Letters as

the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, painted thereon ; such Per-

son or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Scavenger shall, when and as often as the said Commis-

sioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, cause as well the Foot-ways as Carriage-

ways of all and every the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, Gateways, and other public Paf-

sages, to be taken, (craped, swept, and cleansed, in such Manner as the said Commi(boners, or any Seven

or more of them, shall think proper; and the Dirt, Soil, and Rubbish, then and there found, collected,

or being, shall take and carry away, or cause to be taken and carried away, immediately, or within such

Time as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, upon pain of for-

feiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of Ten Shillings; and in case such Scavenger, his Servants or

Agents, shall not well and truly do, perform, and execute, or cause to be done, performed, and executed,

all and every the Articles, Matters, and Things, in this Act particularly directea to be done and perform-

ed by him, his Servants or Agents, and also all and every such Matters and Things as he shall contract or

agree to do in his Articles or Contracts, with the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or

which shall be mentioned for him or them to do in his Appointment under the said Commissioners, or any

Seven or more of them, such Scavenger shall, for every Omission of himself, or his Servants or Agents, for

which no particular Penalty is herein before inflicted, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings ; and in

case^the Person purchasing the Ashcs, Dust, Dirt, Muck, Dung, Soil, or Manure of the LiJ Commis-

sioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall happen to be the Scavenger (which it shall and may be law-

ful for him tobe) such Person shall nevertheless be liable to all and every the Penalties aforesaid, as well for

the Omission of himself, as of his Servants or Agents, in such and the same Manner as if he was the

Scavenger only, and had not bought, purchased, or contracted fur the said Alhcs, Dust, Dirt, Muck,

Dung, Soil, or Manure.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful

to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, and at all Times,

when and so often as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper, to order

or direct all or any of the Pavements in the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other pub-

lick Passages now in being, or hereafter to be made, within the said Parishes, Wards, or Places, in the

said Town or Liberties thereof, or any Part or Parts of such Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and

other publick Passages, as well those Parts used by Carriages as those used by Foot-passengers, to be taken

up, and the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages to be paved, relay-

ed^ repaired, raif d, lowered, or altered, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more

of them, shall think pro;>er (except as herein after is particularly mentioned); and the Person or Persons

authorised or directed by them to do the fame, hath and have hereby full Power and Authority to do the fame

accordingly ; and all the Foot-ways, where practicable, shall be paved withFiatners or smooth Pavement,

at the Discretion of the Lid Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them ; and all the Horse and Car-

riage-ways, with good Ragstones, Pebbles, or otherwise, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more

of them, shall fee fit and proper,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Part or Parts of the Pavement in any or either of the said

Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, or other publick Passages, (hill be taken up, injured, or da-

maged by any Agent, Servant, or Person employed by or under the Commissioners of the Water-works of

the said Town and Liberties thereof; the fame Pavement shall, with convenient Speed, be repaired, relay-

ed, and made good by the said Agent, Servant, or other Person so employed as aforesaid, in such Form and

Manner, and according to such Direct ion, as the Pavior or Paviors for the Time being, employed by the

Commissioners appointed by this Act, shall order and direct, concerning the fame; and if such Agent,

Servant, or Person employed by the Commissioners of the Water-works for the Purposes aforesaid, shall

neglect or refuse to repave, relay, and make good the Pavement so to be taken up by them, or either of

them, within Fourteen Days after the taking up the said Pavements, or after such Injury or Damage

shall be done as aforesaid, such Agent, Servant, or Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty

Shillings.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, may, and

they are hereby impowered, from Time to Tims, as Occasion shall require, to contract with any Person

or Persons for paving, relaying, repairing, railing, lowering, or altering all or any of the said Streets,

Squares, Lancs, Courts, Ways, and other publick Passages, and the paving and pitching of the fame

respectively, and also the paving and pitching under or through any of the publick Gates, Bridges, or

Pofteras of the said Town, (except as herein after is mentioned); and also for the keeping the fame or any

of them in good and sufficient Repair for such Time as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them,

shall think proper ; but previous to the making of any such Contract, fitch Notice shall be given of the In-

tention of the said Commissioners to enter into- the fame, as is herein before directed to be given for dif-

placing or removing any Officer or Officers under this Act, in order for any Person or Persons, willing to

undertake the fame, to deliver in Proposals for thatPurpose, as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or

more of them, lhal] direct or appoint.

XVI. Provided

