The TITLES of

I >. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com*

rrun Hd.is Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

Common Grounds, and Common; b!e Land a, in the

'I ownftftp of ICiaflrM in the County or Hacks.

iC. An r\Ct tor4nc 1 ?ding and dividing rbc Common Waste

(jmui)'.s, Open Helds, Open M.u!ow Ground and

]nj$, within the Fanfh of Stittngton, in the County of

Yy.'k.

17. An Act to enable the Moll Noble Francis Duke of

B it nvr.t r, ro extend a Branch of his navigable Cut or

Canal, upon Sale Moor, in the County of Crrfier, to the

Market Town of Stock; irt% in the luii County.

1:. An Act to difi ive the Marriage of join Matthews,

with Ann Alatthnus his now Wife, and to enable him

to marry again, and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

19. An Act for naturalizing Jean Pierre Michel.

2*\ An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons and

Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Repton in the

County of Deris.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-

mons, Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Com-

monable Lands and Grounds, of and in the Manors of

IlaJcUr and ll'alcot, and of and in the Manor of Upton

1 laic Ur, in the Parish of Hajclor, in the County o I War-

m i cl:.

zi. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, or

Waste Grounds, called Cuddington or Bryn Common, in

the Town ship of CudJington with Bryn, in the Parish of

Weverham, in the County of Chc/ler.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and

Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Willington, in the

County of Derby.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moor Waste, or

Common, in the several Townships, Villages, or Ham-

lets, of Upper Hevuorth and Nether He worth, in the

County Palatine of Durham.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea-

dows, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in

the Parish of Little Norwood, in the County of Bucks.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Grounds, and Wastes, within the Township or Parish of

Bejjingby in the County of York.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, in the Manor and Parish of Keddington,

in the County of Lincoln.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Field*!, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Waite

Grounds, within the Township of Beeford, otherwise

Beef or fh, in the County of York.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the fevera! Com-

mons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bradmp,

in the Farish of Leek, in the Counry of Stafford.

30. An Act for dividng and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, and Commonable Lands, lying within tnc

Parish of Hinton in the Hedges, in the County of North-

ampton.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields, Common Meadowy, and other Commonable

Lands, in the Parish of Grimoldboy, in the County of

Lincoln.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open ;nd Com-

mon Field?, Downs, and Commonable Lands, and al-

lotting the old Inclosures, lying withinthc Township and

Parish of Hath nop, in the County of Glouajler.

VOL. Xt

t!-.e STATUTES.

",3. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, withm the Manor of

Alarjhn, in the Couu.y or the City of York.

An Act for vesting Part of ihc settled Eftarc of Sir John

Cihtwodc Baronet, in Tiuftccs, to be Ibid, lor due..ap-

ing Incumbrances nifeeting ihe fame.

35. An Act to diilbhc the Marriage of Charles A.i.roft

Gentleman, with Sarah Shewd, his now Wiic, and to

enable him to many again, and for other Pur pules

therein mentioned.

3'*. An Atl for enabling Robert Brice Esquire, and Iris

I~It.iis, to take and use the Name, and bear the Arms,

of King 1 jmill.

37. An Act to enable the Mcft Noble William Duke of

Dcion/hire to take in England the O.uh of Gift; e of High

Treasurecof Ireland, and to quality himlclf in EngLnd

for the Enjoyment of the said Office.

33. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Cartcrlary

to grant Leases of their Eitatc in the Parish of Saint

Oluve Southwark.

39. An Act for vesting Part of the Fee SirrpV Lllate of

George late Lord ViKount Alidletan, of the Kingdom of

Ireland, in Trustees, to he fold, for paying the Debts,

Legacies, and Incumbrances, mentioned in and appoint-

ed to be paid by, his Will; and for executing and effec-

tuating several Contrails entered into by him for felling

and leafing divers Farms and Lands in Ireland; and for'

making the Exemplification of his Will Evidence in Law

ind Equity.

40. An Act for vesting certain Manors, Messuages, Farms,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Com tyr

of Surry, devised by the Will of Sir William Clayton

Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold ; and for applying*the

Monies arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other

Lands, to be settled to the like Lies.

41. An Act for vesting the Freehold and Leasehold Estates,

late of Robert Henley Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to

be fold, to raise Money, to be applied to pay oft Debts

and incumbrances and Legacies, charged upon and af-

fcdling the lame, under the Direction of the Court of

Chancery, and for laving out the Surplus-money in the

Bank of England, subject to the further Order of the said

Court.

42. An Act for vesting several Copyhold Estates of Artm

Blagrave, Widow, and others, in Trustees, to be ft>ldt

and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Pui -

chafe of other Estates, to be settled to the fame Ufcs to

which the said Copyhold Estates {land limited.

43. An Act to impower John Jones Esquire, and Afarga*

retta Alar i a his Wile, late Alargar etta Alaria 11 ei!cr,

Widow, and other the Dcvifecs ol John Mary on Ck-ik,

deceased, to make Leases of the Manor of Charlton, and

of Lands T enements, and Hereditaments, in the said

Ma nor: and also the Parishes of Woolwich and Plunjhad,

in the County of Kent.

41. An Act for vesting Part of the settled F.state of *j'dn

Sikc/ler Smith Esquire, in Ti tillers, to be sold, /01 u.f-

charging Incumbrances affecting the fame.

4>. An Act to enable George Fofer Tifneil Esquire, to nmnt

Building Leases of Estates, devised to him by Six if //•

liam llaiton liaroncf, in the County of Ashlthtj.x.

4'h An Act for dividing and inclosing ihefevc!.;! ftin^d

P.ifitires, called Cow CUje, //)// Alu.r, and Cawt’cr,

oih Twife Clowiher, within the Township of Arucdjj, ill

the Weft Riding of the County of York.

47. An Act for dividing and inch ling several Common

Arabic Fields, Common Meadow Grounds, and the

Moor or Common# within the Manor av<d Tov.n«

