462 C. 17, 18, 19, 20, 21. Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

and {hall give, allow, or pay, or cause to be given* allowed, or paid, directly or indirectly, to such Servant or

Journeyman, any more or greater Wages or Allowances than the Wages or Allowances settled and ascer-

tained, or to be settled and ascertained as aforesaid; every such Person mall, for every such Offence., forfeit

the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds, to be sued for by Action of Debt, to be brought many of his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at'Westminster; wherein no Essoin, Protection, of Wager of Law, or more than onelm^-

parlance, shall be allowed; and wherein th^ Ordinary Costs of the Suit shall be paid; One Moiety of

which said Forfeiture, when recovered, shall belong and be paid to the King’s Majesty, and his Successors,

and the other Moiety to the Person who shall sue for the same.

Persons aggriev- VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be

cd mjv appeal lawful for any Person convicted before any Two Justices of the Peace as before mentioned, to appeal to the

to^he Quarter Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions, or General Sessions, to be held for

ions. the County, City, or Place, wherein such Conviction shall be made, giving immediate Notice of such

Appeal, and finding sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justices for being personally present at

such General Quarter Sessions, or General Sessions, and for prosecuting the said Appeal with'EiFeft, and

abiding the Judgement of the Court 5 and such Justices in such General Quarter Sessions, or General Sef-

fions, shall finally hear and determine the Matter, and shall have Power to award reasonable Cofty to either

Party, as to them shall seem just 5 and if such Conviction shall be affirmed at such General Quarter Sef-

fions, or General Sessions, such Appellant shall be committed to Prison for the Time specified in the said

Conviction, and until Payment of the Costs so to be awarded,

limitation of IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action shall be brought

ji&iont. against any Justice of the Peace, Constable, Headborough, or other Officer, or against any other Person or

Persons whomsoever, for any Matter or Thing whatsoever done or committed under, by virtue, or in the

Execution of this Act, unless such Action shall be brought within Six Calendar Months next after the

doing or committing of such Matter or Thing. > ;

X. Provided also, That if any Action or Suit shall hereafter be commenced or prosecuted agairtft any

Person or Persons for any Thing done under, by virtue, or in the Execution of this Act, such Person or

funeral issue. Persons may plead the General issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence $ and if the

Plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or sufferDifeontinuance, or forbear further Prosecution,. or if Judge-

ment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, such Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her,

full Costs. or their Full Costs, for which he, she, or they, shall have like Remedy as in Cafes where Costs by Law are

given to Defendants.

fttblick A&. XL An<1 be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed to

be a Public Act in all Courts within this Kingdom of Great Britain j and all Judges and Justices of the

^ Peace are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One

thousand seven hundred and forty-eight. EXP.

CAP.. XIX.

tfee « Cm. III. An Act for further continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An All

$ 18. to amend and render more effectual, in His Majesty Dominions in America, an Act in this present Sef-

Jion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment

of the Army and their Quarters. EXP.

CAP. XX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of One thousand seven hundred

and sixty-eight. EXP.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the City of , and the Liberties

thereof, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same, and for other Pur-

poses therein mentioned } and for repealing an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present

Majesty’s Reign for those Purposes.

Recites A& 6

Coo* III. q, a6.

c \X7H EREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, certain Com-

W missioners are appointed for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the City of Londen%

€ and the Liberties thereof, and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances within the Tame, and for

c o.her Purposes therein mentioned; and certain Powers are thereby granted to the said Commissioners to

? enable them to carry the said Act into Execution; And whereas the said Act hath been found to be de-

4 festive

