A.D. 1766.

276 C. 53. Anno sexto Georgii III.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration and the Assurance; and for amending so much

of an Act of the Seventh Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the

Improvement of the Union of the two Kingdoms, as, after the Time therein limited, requires

the Delivery of certain Lifts and Copies therein mentioned to Persons indicted of High

, Treason, or Misprision of Treason.

Preamble, reeit-c \lt 7 HERE AS by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

ing Clause? in 4 VV the First, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty*s Person and Government, and the

act 1 Geo.1. « SucceJTton of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing

St. 2,c. 13. « ffye Hope; of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors ; it is, amongst other Things.

4 enacted. That all and every Person and Persons therein mentioned, within Great Britain, and the several

4 Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, should take and subscribe the Oath of Abjuration therein mentioned;

4 and all and every Person and Persons therein mentioned within Scotland, should also subscribe the Af-

4 farance therein mentioned; in the Manner, at the Times and Places, and under the Pains and Penal-

and act 5 Geo. 4 ties, in the said Act expressed : And whereas by an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his

1. c. 19. * said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for making more effectual the Laws appointing the Oaths, for Security

4 of the Government, to be taken by the Ministers and Preachers in Churches and Meeting-houses in Scotland, it

4 is enacted. That all and every Person and Persons therein mentioned, in Scotland, should subscribe the

4 Assurance in the above-mentioned Act contained, and also take and subscribe the Oath of Abjuration

c therein directed to be taken, in lieu of the Oath of Abjuration formerly required by Law, in the

4 Manner, at the Times and Places, and under the Penalties and Disabilities, in the said Act provided:

4 And whereas by the Death of the Person who pretended to be Prince of Wales during the Life of the

4 late Kingdom/;, and, since his Decease, pretended to be, and took upon himself the Stile and Title of

4 King of England* by the Name of fames the Third, or of Scotland, by the Name of fames the Eighth,

4 or the Stile and Title of King of Great Britain, it is become necessary to make feme Alteration in the

From and after Oath of Abjuration, and the Assurance, contained in the said Acts above-mentioned Be it therefore

4 June, 1766, declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the

the Oath of Ab- Lo^jg Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

t^betaVenby t^ic feme, That from and after the fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and (ixty-six, the

the recited Acts, Oath of Abjuration in the said Act above-mentioned, be administered in such Manner and Form as is

to be administer- herein after set down and prescribed ; (that is to say)

ed in the follow- > . ,

TteForm. 4 T A. B. do truly and sincerely acknowledge, profess, testify, and declare, in my Conscience, beforfe

4 JL God and the World, That our Sovereign Lord King George is lawful and rightful King of this

4 Realm, and all other his Majesty’s Dominions and Countries thereunto belonging. And I do foleranly

4 and sincerely declare. That I do believe, in my Conscience, That not any of the Descendants of the

4 Person who pretended to be Prince of Wales during the Life of the late King fames the Second,

4 and, since his Decease, pretended to be, and took upon himself the Stile and Title of King of England,

4 by the Name of fames the Third, or of Scotland, by the Name of fames the Eighth, or the Stile and

4 Title of King of Great Britain, hath, any Right or Title whatsoever to the Crown of this Realm, or

4 any other the Dominions thereunto belonging : And I do renounce, refute, and abjure, any Allegiance

4 or Obedience to any of them. And I do (wear. That I will bear Faith and true Allegiance to his

4 Majesty King George, and him will defend to the utmost of my Power, against all traiterous Conspiracies

4 and Attempts whatsoever, which shall be made against his Person, Crown, or Dignity. And i will do

4 my utmost Endeavour to disclose and make known to his Majesty, and his Successors, all Treasons and

4 traiterous Conspiracies which I shall know to be against him, or any of them. And I do faithfully

4 promise,.to the utmost of my Power, to support, maintain, and defend, the Succession of th^ Crown,

4 against the Descendants of the said fames, and against all other Persons whatsoever, which Succession,

4 by an Act, intituled, An All for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights ana

4 Liberties of the Subjetl, is and (lands limited to the Princess Sophia, Eleftoref9 and Dutcnefs Dowager of

4 Hanover, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants. And all these Things I do plainly and sincerely

4 acknowledge and swear, according to these express Words by me spoken, and according to the plain

4 common Sense and Understanding of the fame Words, without any Equivocation, mental Evasion, or

4 secret Reservation whatsoever. And I do make this Recognition, Acknowledgement, Abjuration, Re-

4 uunciation, and Promise, heartily, willingly, and truly, upon the true Faith of a Christian.*

After 24 June, And that from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and (ixty-six, the

»766, thcAt?u Assurance, in the said firfTmfcrttioned Act contained, be administered. in such Manner and Form as is

"."rfia.'w'te herein a,ter set dowo and prescribed j that is to say, \

•dniaiileted in the following Fora*

...... *'•■'•* •JJ.B.

