A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. C. 30. 213

XXIII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee or Gra- F*eT0

tuity whjtftcver shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant which, shall be made ou: 87jVVheKc-^

for any Sum of Money which (haM he received by such Receiver General, or paid into his Majesty’s Lx c-IveMienrrJ*

chequer, or issued thereout, in relation to, or in pursuance of, this A£h or into thciu*

chccji tr, or iPu d thucouc.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Clerks of the Peace of each

reflective County, Riding, or Place, shall, and they are hereby required, within fourteen D.tys next

after the General Quartci Sessions of the Peace to be held after the twenty-fifth Day of December yearly,

to transmic to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, for the time

being, and also to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for such Counry, Riding, or Place, a Copy,

signol by such Clerk of the Peace, of every Certificate which shall have been delivered in pur fiance of

this Act; and in case no such Certificate shall have been delivered in, then such Clerks of the Peace shall

certify to the Lord High J'reaiurer, or to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, and also to such

Receiver General, that no such Certificate from his Majesty’s Lieutenant, or any three Deputy Lieu-

tenants hath been received by him, and that he hath certified the fame to the Justices of such General

Quarter Sessions; and shall also certify what Proceedings have been had at such General Quarter Sefli >ns,

in relation to the afieffing and rating the said Sum of five Pounds per Man where the Militia shall not

have been raised.

of the Sessions, in relation to affcTing

Clc-ks of the

Pc uc arc to-

trailhm t>tS<

TriMlutv, ar.d

Re*cv 1. (jene-

rjJ, C pc* of

the CcrtJlicjtfS

d< iivcrcii in pur-

luanvC of tm»

Actj anJ-vi!icro

none such aic

<1. iivcre I, jtz to

cvr ify the fame

a. cord my Jy ;

together with

the Proceeding*

tkc Pcoalty.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Clerk of the Peace shall clerk of thr

ttfufe or negle£l to receive, deliver, file, make, record, or transmit, such Certificates as aforesaid, or any ivac* ne /eft-

of them, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; every such Cleik of the Peace so ofteiv.lmz ino his D iv in

(boll, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to any Person who (h ill ‘^ l rc n,llcV

inform or sue for the same in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVe/lni'infler^ or the Courts of orluls $'jOU

Great Sessions in the Principality of Wales^ or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster,

and Durham \ wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be

allowed; and shall also forfeit his Office, and shall be rendered incapable of having, receiving, or hold- and 0”Hc*,

iri^, such Office for the future, or any other Place or Office of Trust, Civil or Military, under the *nd isd rjbled*

Government.

XXVI. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That m case there shall be any Failure of where there

raffing or paying the several Sums of Money charged by this or the said former Acts upon any Counry,

Riding, or Place, where the Militia shall not have been raised; the Receiver General of such County, imPs

Riding, or Place, respectively, shall, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June in every Year, cert ify chargeable for nor

under his Hand to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer each particular County, Riding, Division, or rainng the M»!i-

Place, where such Failure of Payment hath happened; whereupon the said Court of Exchequer shall ,hc Rcteiver

forthwith award the proper Process to ifl’ue ag.iinft che Treasurer or Treasurers of such County, Riding, 0<rn^,^®frc

Division, or Place, where such Failure shall have happened, in the same Manner as any Person or Persons ^o'tnc Ccurt

if or are liable to Process for Failure of Payment of the Rates and Duties commonly called The Land of Etchenusr 5

Tjjt, for paying the said Sum of five Pounds ter Man; which said Sum evety such Treasurer and Trea- ani i‘r.> s i, to

furers is and are hereby directed and required to pay into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, outthcrejron

of the County Stock then in his, her, or their Hands; and if he or they shall not then have sufficient for

that Purpose, out of the first Mon'y which shall come to his or their Hands of the said County Stock; counry-

tod the Auditor of his Majesty’s Exchequer, into whose Office such Sum or Sums shall be paid, pursuant to pay l/chSurrs

to the Directions of this Ac}, shall, and is hereby required to give to such Treasurer or Treasurers, or into the Frche-

Other Person or Persons paying the fame on his or their Behalf, a Receipt for the fame signed by such Tu'r» fu*°* ':‘e

Auditor; which Receipt so signed shall be, and is hereby enacted to be, a sufficient Discharge to such Audi, or

County, Riding, Division, or Place, for such Sum or Sums of Money so paid into the Receipt of Ins 1",^,^.

Majesty’s Exchequer. <c pt for ihc

fjme.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Solicitor to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Com- So! L-itortothc

missioners of his Majesty’s Trea fury for the time heine, shall, and he is hereby directed and required, 1 reaf"rX19

with all due Diligence, to prosecute with Effcdl such Treasurer or Treasurers as shall make Default in t^i rr^i ucri

Payment as aforesaid. # making i).fault,

XXVlil. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace for j 1 ilicci aMhcir

such County, Riding, or Division, at their next General Quarter Sessions to be hoi Jen after any such genera* Quarter

Payment made by any Treasurer or Treasurers as aforesaid, shal), and they are hereby required, to a til* Is, , Vim f jf-

and cause to be levied, a sufficient Sum of Money to reimburse such Treasurer or Treasurers all fueil f,.V*,:0r”ciin-

Sum or Sums of Money as he or they (lull have paid on such Account; to be assisted, collected, and biriing the

levied, in the same Manner as other County Rates are directed to he aftclTcd, collected and levied. T*enurer*

XXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for such County, 1 h- Aiiwfaent*

Rid.ng, or Division, at their said General Quarter Sessions, shall, and arc hereby impoweted, to alieis be rraJc«

and levy, on every City, Town, and Place, which is not contrihutary to, or doth not pay to, the County c;’r l,nZ to

Rates of such County, Riding, or Division respectively, such Proportion of the Money so paid by furh oGco'i!

Treasurer or Tieaiurers in Manner herein directed, according to the Provisions and Idirections of an Actc/,7# *3*

*iade in the fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for explaining and enforcing the several Laws

now

