The TITLES of

tsr.-er.-U-Morthen, in the Weft Riding of the County

of 2 a t.

An Aef for discharging certain Estates of

1 tj?re, in the Counties of S majet and ll'ilts, from

the Uses thereof limited and declared; and for vesting

the fame in Tru flees, to be sold, and applying the Pur-

t lnic Money for the Purposes therein mentioned; and

♦or settling other Estates in the County of Devony of

greater V.i!ue, to the like Uses.

An Act for revoking and making void Part of the

Trnfts declared by an Act of Parliament, passed in the

fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

tuled, An Act for felling Part of the settled Estates of

Robert Dolman Ejquirey in Pocldington and elsewhere,

in the County of York, for discharging the Debts and In-

eumbrarhes oj h im fe If and Robert Dolman the younger, his

tide ft Son, off tiding the fame; and for making Provision

f or Robert Dolman the youn?ery and, for the younger Chil-

dren of Robert Dolman the elder; and for declaring

other Trusts relative thereto; and for making Provision

for Payment of other Debts and Incumbrances of the

said Robert Dolman the elder, and Robert Dolman the

younger, not provided for by the said Act; and for

making a Recompence and Provision for the first and

other Sons in Succession, or other Heirs of the liodies

t>f the said Robert Dolman the younger, and Peggy his

Wife, during the Lives of their said Father and Mother,

and the Survivor of them; and for the better Security

of Purchasers under the said Act.

84. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the

Reverend Thomas lbhitehurst Clerk, and Sarah his Wife,

in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, in the said

Thomas If hitehurst, in Fee Simple; and for settling other

Estates of the said Thomas If hitehurfty in the said County

of Hertford, to the same Uses as the said Estates were

settled.

85. An Act for confirming, and carrying into Execution,

certain Agreements, entered into between William

Hurfl, William P owe If Esquires, and others, for raising

Money out of the Estates late of Thomas Herbert Esquire,

in the Counties of Glamorgan and Monmouth, for Pay-

ment of the Debts and Legacies of Lucy Allen, and for

other Purposes; and for settling the Residue of the said

Estates to the Uses of her Will.

86. An Act for vesting in Trustees, to be sold, the Free-

hold and Inheritance of the Estate of George Markham

Esquire, deccafcd, in the County of Lincoln, along with

a precedent Term therein, and for other Purposes.

87. An Act for obviating a Doubt arising on the Settle-

ment of Peregrine Bertie Esquire with Catherine his

present Wife.

8i. An Act for indemnifying Thomas TwiJIeton and Francis

Twifctony Esquires, the Purchasers of certain Lands and

Hereditaments, in the County of Oxford, belonging to

fames Nefs Gentleman, and Cl'arlctte his Wife, as to

the Payment of their Purchase Money, and settling the

fame for the Purposes therein mentioned.

8 ;. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

Common Pastures, and Parcels of Land and Grounds,

within the Township of Bijhcp JViitcny in the Kail Ri-

ding of the County of York*

90. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Field*,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

Manor and Parish of Sundony in the County of Bedford.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing all the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and all other Open Commonable

and Walk Lands, within the Parish of Huiknal-Torkardy

in the County of Blotting!am.

Vo L.X.

the STATUTES.

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands, within

the Manor and Lord ship of Coin Saint Aldwinsy in the

County of Glovce/hr.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, in

the Liberties of Stidbrooky within the Manor and Parish

of Aneaftcry in the County of Lincoln.

94. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, and Pastures, in the Lord ship of C!a\poley

within the Manor and Parish of Claypole9 in the County

of Lincoln.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons

or Moors within the Township of Bramley, in the Parish

of Braithwclf in the County of York.

96. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waite

Grounds, in the Parish of Wootton, in the County of

Oxford. m

97. An Act for inclosing certain Common and uninclosed

Tracts of Land, in the Parishes of Horfmgton% Win-

cantor^ and AIappertony in the County of Somcrfjf.

98. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Meadows, Common Pastures, ana Waste Grounds,

within the Townships of Beckingham and Sutton, in the

Manor and Parish of Beckingham, in the County of

Lincoln.

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor, or

Common, in the Township of Thornley, in the Parish

of JTolfinghamy and within the Manor of Brancepetby in

the County Palatine of Durham.

ico. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-'

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

Parish and Liberty of Pavcnham, in the County of

Bedford.

toi. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common

Fields, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands,

in the Parish and Township of Bedworthy in the County

of Warwick; and for regulating certain Charity Estates

within the said Parish.

102. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and

Common Field, and Commonable Lands, in the Town-

ships and Liberties of Upper Middleton Cheney, and Lower

Middleton Cheney, in the County of Northampton.

103. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Field*,

Common Pastures, and other Uninclosed Grounds,

within the Manor and Township of Aelomey in the East

Riding of the Cdtiftty of York.

104. An Act for embanking, draining, and preserving,

certain Low Grounds, in the Parishes or Townships of

Lanehamy Ramptcny Trcfwrlf South Lever ton^ North

Lraertony Habile)lhorpey otherwise ApcJlhorpey Little-

Iroughy Sturtoriy Fentony and Weft Burtony in the County

of Nottingham.

103. An Act to enable the Right Honourable fames Gren-

villey and the Right Honourable Charles fcarl Cornival/is

to take in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, ns Vice

Treasurer and Receiver General and Pay-master General

of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland^

and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the find

Offices.

106. An Act to enable Wiliam Waljhy heretofore called

William Mofely, and his Ulur, to take and use the Sur-

name and Arms of Walfto^ pursuant to the Will of // il-

tiarn Waljhy deceased.

107. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Canale Esquire, nnd his

Issue, to take and ulc the Surname and Aim*of 7dd.

f . I lOi Ar*.

