718 C. 23.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A. D. 1770.

ill a 11 be a Dil-

charge. *“S

On

lor

Treasurer m\y

commence Ac-

tion lor Rcco-

legal Reprcfenta- ledlor or Collectors, Officer or Officers, or other Person, or the Assignee or Assignces of such Bankrupt,

ne?remaning°n ^all, out of such Estate and Effects, pay unto the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time then being to

nle ' the ('aid Commissioners, all such Sums of Money as should be in the Hands of such Persons respectively

Treakr*r, at the Time of his or their Death, or at the Time of suing out any Commission of Bankruptcy against

him or them, and not paid over, or so much thereof as the said Estate or Efte&s will extend to pay, and

whose Receipt the Receipt or Receipts of the said Treasurer or Treasurers shall be a good Discharge for the said Mo-

ney; and every Executor or Administrator, Assignee or Assignees, or other Person as aforesaid, may to

any Action or Suit commenced or brought against him, her, or them, plead or give in Evidence the Au-

On Nonpayment thority of this Act for such Payment, and shall be allowed the fame prior to any other Debt or Demand

10 Ycjts, whatsoever; and in case of Nonpayment of the fame by the Space of Ten Years after the fame-shall have

been demanded, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to

such Commissioners, and he or they is and are hereby directed and required in his or their own Name or

Names, to commence One or more Action or Actions in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wtft-

minjhr against such Executors, Administrators, Assignee or Assignees, or other Persons as aforesaid, for

the Recovery of the fame ; in which Action no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One

Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Tr-nkirer to Pay CXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer or Treasurers to the

\>Vii ^rawn Commissioners as aforesaid for the Time being, shall and may, and is and are hereby authorised and re-

uj on i.m. quired, out of the Monies paid to him or them in pursuance of this Act, to pay all Sums of Money

drawn upon him or them, or ordered to be paid by such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them,

^r'^ounUn^ ^ Purposes of this Act; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, shall and is and

BoJk^°Un n * are hereby required to keep regular and fair Entries in a Book or Books to be by him or them for that

Purpose provided of all and singular the Receipts and Payments which he or they shall make on the Ac-

be count as aforesaid ; to which Book or Books every Inhabitant within the Limits of this Act shall and may

hi blunts. y n" ^ave free Access, at all convenient Times, and shall be permitted to inspedt the fame without Fee or Re-

ward ; and also that the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being shall have th: said Account audited

and passed by the Commissioners for the Time being, or any Seven or more of them, who are hereby im-

powered anq required to audit and pass the fame.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Actions shall

be brought by or by Order of such Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, against any Person or

Persons whatsoever, for the Recovery of any Money or Monies laid out or expended by the said Commis-

sioners by virtue of this Act, or for any Materials, Matters and Things fold and delivered by them, or

any of their Officers by their Order, or for the Recovery of any Rate or Rates, or any other Purpose

whatsoever, and a Veraidl shall be had and given against any such Person and Persons against whom such

Action or Actions shall be brought, such Person or Persons shall pay Double Costs ; and the said Com-

missioners in such Action or Actions shall have such Remedy or Remedies for recovering the fame, as any

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may have for his, her, or their Costs in any other Cafes by Law.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Penalties and Forfeitutes by

Commissioners

obtaining Vcr-

ciid>. Defendant

to pay

Double Costs.

Penalties may

ftreisCV Cd by Dl l^IS Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly di-

r s’ ,redled) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by War-

rant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or City and

Liberty of Westminster, as the Cafe may be (which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and required

to grant upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of One or more credible

Informer deemed Witness or Witnesses upon Oath) and the Informer is hereby rendered a credible Witness (which Oaths

a credi e such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer); and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when re-

covered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand to the Party or Parties whose Goods and

Chattels shall be fodistrained and fold, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deduced, shall

be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners for the Time being, and shall be applied

to and for the Purposes of this Act.

CXXV, Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall and may be Jawfdl to

and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more 6f them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of

Witness.

Commirtion*T*

may reward la-

formers.

this Act, to order their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, to pay such Part of.the said Penalties

to the Informer as they shall judge reasonable, not exceeding One Ha'"

Distress net to be PWl/T aj ° _ n.-j l a ..u

lalf thereof.

•icemei un'awtul CXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any such Distress shall be

f iT w a n t of For m 5 made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed

mr Party to be * unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of

termed a Tref- any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto ; nor shall the Party or Parties be deem-

pa.Tcr, ab imtio, C(j a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by

for lua.quent tjle party or Parties distraining; but that the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may reco-

ver full Satisfaction for the special Damage in lieu of any Action on the Cafe.

CXXVII. Provided always. That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action, or for any such

Irregularity, Trespafs, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the

Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed every or any such

Irregularity, Trespafs, or wrongful Proceeding before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender

shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any Action, by

Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before joined, to pay into the Court

such Sum of Money as he or they shall fee fit; whereupon such Proceedings, or Order and Judge-

men shall be had, made, or given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is al-

lowed to pay Money into Court.

CXXVIII. Pro-

Irreguhrity,

Plaintiff nof so

recover, if Tcli-

en-r of Amends

h<jth bc-. ii

fn*4e.

