A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii IIF. C. 50. 141

relating to the Execution of this Act, or the said two last recited Acts, {hall be charged or chargeable with

tnv Duty whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Actions shall be Conrm?ffion*r»

brought by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, again# any Person or Persons rrc,Vcr,ng»naiT

whatsoever, for the Recovery of any Money or Monies laid out or expended by the said Commissioners, ^ tncjn"°U &

by virtue of the said three former Acts, or of this Act; and a Verdict shall be had and given again# such y cm*

Person or Persons again# whom such Action or Actions shall be brought 5 such Person or Persons {hall arc to have

pay Double Co#s ; and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuclt Action or Actions, shall have such Remedy and DoubJeCort«.

Remedies for recovering the fame, as any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may have for his, her, or their Costs, in

ftoy other Cafes by Law.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person Perr°"s a58rie*

shall think himself aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular ^ ™j!y<

Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to the Ju#ices of the Peace at any mcr

Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint {hall

anse, and within three Months after the Cause of such Complaint {hall have arisen ; such Appellant fir# giving Notice of

giving, or causing to be given, twenty-one Days Notice at the lea# in Writing, of his or her Intention (uc meotlon*

to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk orTreasurer to the said Commissioners; .

and within two Days after such Notice, entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for

such County or Place, with two {Efficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the jance.^1*1*

OrJer of, and to pay such Costs as {hall be awarded by, the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the

said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering Mice* to hear

into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a and dctcrm,ne

futnmary Way, and award Ouch Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed again#, as they the said Justice6 ^mar

fluff! think proper: and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions {hall be final, binding, and conclusive* u y

to all Intents and Purposes.

XXVIII. And be it further eoadled by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by Penaitiesmd

th is Ad imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly FoHeituresho^

directed) fluff be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by War- '“iti*

rant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or the City * app iC

and Liberty of llfcjlminflcry as the Cafe maybe, which Warrant such Justice is hereby impowered and

acquired to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of anyone or

more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered to ad-

mmifter) and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon

Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chatties {hall be so distrained and fold (the Charges of

Inch Distress and Sale being first deduced) {hall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for

the time being, and be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Proceeding to be had touching Proceeding not*

the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or to be quashed so*

Thing to be done or transadled in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form

want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any his Majesty’s

Courts of Record at Westminflir; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. y er 10rar,#

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit {hall be com* Limitationof

mcnced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in nurluance of this Act, until twenty-one Days

Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk orTreasurer to the said Commissioners, or after

fuxficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after fix

Calendar Months next after the Fadl committed, for which such Action or Actions, buit or Suits, {hall be

so brought; and all such Actions and Suits {hall be laid and tried in the County or Place where such

Matters and Things respectively {hall be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place ; and

that the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General General Mb*.

Iffuc, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which {hall he had

thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so

brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authori y of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing

shall appear to have been so done, or if it {ball appear that such Action or Suit was brought belore

twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as afoiefaiJ, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered

as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit (h; 11 110c jc c< rnmenced within the Time before for th .t Purpose

limited, or {hall be laid in any oilier County or Pure than as aforesaid ; then the Jury or Juries shall

find for the Defendant or Defendants therein*; su-.J i, ^ Verdict or Verdicts {hall he found for such De-

fendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or rb-u :r; in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, fljnlh

become Nonsuited, or suffer a Difeoutinuance of : h * ction or Actions ; or if, upon any Demurrer or

Demurrers in such Action or Actions, JuJgunv* : ,1 • given for the Defendant or Defendants therein ;

then, and in either or the Cafes affreiaiJ, fu. h . ^ai.-nt or Defendants {hall have Treble Ccfts, and Treble

fhA\ have such Remedy for recording the fame, a, ,.:y Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her*

mi them Colli, in any other Cafes by JLavv.

