A.D. 1766.

Anno sexto Georgii III.

C. 41, 42. 249

said twentieth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and4ixty-six) may not exceed the Quantities herein

after specified; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governors of the said Islands Specification of

of Jersey, Guernsey and Alderney refipedively, or their respective Deputy or Deputies, for whom they will the Quantity «d

tnfwer, shall not make to any Person or Persons any such Writing or Writings as before specified, to an- coa?* from the

thorize and appoint him or them to fetch, export, or transport, into the said Islands of J*rSeh Guernsey, and ijt^ collieries,

Alderney respectively, in one Year, to be accounted as aforesaid, any greater Quantity of Coals, or in any allowed to be

other Proportions, out of and from the said Ports of Newcastle and Swansea respectively, than are herein exported to the

after limited and expressed; that is to say. Into the said Isle of Jersey, out of the said Port of Newcastle, fa,d

three hundred and fifty Chaldrons, Newcastle Measure, and out of the said Port of Swansea, one hundred Rlpc lvcy*

and fifty such Chaldrons, and no more; into the said Isle of Guernsey, out of the said Port of Newcastle,

one thousand such Chaldrons, and out of the said Port of Swansea, one hundred and fifty such Chaldrons,

and no more; and into the said Isle of Alderney, out of the said Port of Newcastle, one hundred and ten

Fuch Chaldrons, and out of the said Port of Swansea, ten such Chaldrons, and no more.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector and Comptroller at the

of the Customs of the said Ports of Newcastle and Swansea respectively, {hall keep a true Account of all the

said Quantities of Coals so by them permitted to be loaden by virtue of this Act, and shall not permit any fcatokceP Ac-"

greater Quantities of Coals to be so loaded than are by this Act prescribed, in any one Year, to any of the count! thereof,

laid Islands respectively, free of the said Duty of four Shillings per Chaldron, upon the Penalty of the For- and not permit

feiture of twenty Pounds for every Chaldron; one Moiety thereof to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and an* *rcater

Sticceflors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the same, in any Court of Record;

wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, paying Duty,

% on Penalty of

c XII. And whereas several Doubts have arisen with respect to the Importation of Oats and Oat-meal201#

into this Kingdom, ’under the Authority of an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled,

€ An Act for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oat-meal into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, Duty-free \

therefore, for obviating all Doubts in relation thereto, be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid. That by the said Act it was intended to authorize any Person or Persons whatsoever to import Oats *nd Oat-

into Great Britain, in any Ship or Vessel navigated according to Law, at any Time or Times before the meal, declared to

twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, unless a shorter Term shall be be intended by

fixed for that Purpose by any Ad to be passed in this Session of Parliament, any Quantity of Oats or Oat- 5"^ °tolbc‘4

meal, without the Payment of any Subsidy, Custom, Duty, or Imposition whatsoever; any Thing in any importtd D#ty-

former or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithstanding. free.

CAP. XLL

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying 5 Ceo. 3. c. 4s.

certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, SGco«

and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. EXP.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to continue an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Ma*

jesty, for importing Salt from Europe, into the Province of Quebec in America* for a

limited Time,

€ 1WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned, which Hath, by Experience, been found useful and Preamble.

VV beneficial, is near expiring :* May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and

be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the fame. That an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for importing Salt An of4 Gao. 3,

from Europe into the Province of Qtiebec in America, for a limited Time, which Was to continue mc#I9*

Force from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, for the Term

*of one Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, {hall be, and the

fame is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June, further

one thousand seven hundred and seventy-threei and from thence to the End of the then next Session of nued ro t*june.

Parliament. - *7

Vol. X. Kk

CAP.

