A. D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 47. . 127

for the Use of his Majesty. his Heirs ind Successers, for every Piece of VcHum, Parchment, or Paper, on Doth* total*

which the Matters and Things herein after-mentioned shall be ingrossed or written at any Time or Times P*4*®*

after the said fifth Day of Jufy* over and above the Rates and Duties, Charges and Sums of Money, now

due and payable to his Majesty for or in respect of the fame, the further Rates, Duties, Charges, and

Sams of Money $ that is to say.

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchmet, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Admission into On Admifllonr

Che four Inns of Court shall be ingrossed or written, an additional Stamp Duty of four Pounds. into the fourinn*

0 of Court, 4i.

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ipgrofled or OnTeftinwmhh

written any Register, Entry, Testimonial, or Certificate, of the Degree of Utter Barrister taken in any of of the Dc*rce of

the said four Inns of Court, an additional Stamp Duty of six Pounds. ^Ucr Barrlfter>

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more effectual railing, ThefeOutie* to

levying, collecting, and paying, the said additional Rates and Duties hcreia before granted, the fame shall beuadtrthe

be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the time being appointed to Management of

manage the Defies payable to his Majesty, -his Heirs and Successors, and charged on Stamped Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper, by former Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made; who, or the major Part of ^ Dutiwo*"

them, are hereby required and impowtred to employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, as they Sump#.

shall think proper; and to ufc such Dies and Stamp, to denote the Stamp Duties hereby charged, as

they shall think fit; and to repair, renew, or alter, the fame, from time to time, as there shall be occasion

end to do all other Acts, Matters, and Things, necessary to be done, for putting thie Ad in Execution,

with relation to the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner,

as they, or the major Part of them, are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning.

Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That, to prevent the Multi- One newSt*mp

plication of Stamps for and in respect of the additional Rates and Duties hereby granted, it shall and m*y * P|widei 1

may be lawful for the said Commissioners, instead of distinct Stamps, to ascertain the Duties granted by ^“oung ail

former Acts, and this Act, to cause one New Stamp to be provided for denoting all the said Duties, frOfn c UUCf4

time to time, as shall, by the said Commissioners, be thought proper or necessary.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, Such former

•harged by this Act with any of the Stamp Duties hereby granted, which hath been, or shall, before the Stampt Paper,

said ftfth Day of July* be stamped or marked in pursuance of the former Acts of Parliament relating to or

his Majesty’s Stamp Duties, or any of them, shall, before any of the Matters or Things, in rdpeft

whereof any Rate or Duty is hereby made payable, shall be ingrossed or written thereupon (such Ingrof- the raid 5 July,

sing or Writing being at any Time after the said fifth Day of July) be brought to the Head Office for for the Porpofet

ft am ping or marking of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to be stamped or marked with another Mark ■fotefiud, is to

or Stamp, over and besides the Marks or Stamps put, or to be put, thereupon, in pursuance of the said

former Acts, or any of them ; and that all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, which hath not been, or shall thw*

not, before the f id fifth Day of July, he stamped or marked in pursuance of the said former Acts, or Dixiesgruxed

any of them, shall, before any of the Matters or Things, in respect whereof any Stamp Duty is payable by this Act j but:

hereby, and by the said former Acts, or any of them, shall be thereupon ingrossed or written (such In-

groffing or Writing being after the said fifth Day of July) be brought to the said Head Office, and there

marked and stamped with the proper Marks or Stamps, or Mark or Stamp, provided, used, or appointed, thc”Cnc«lWl

or to be provided or appointed, in pursuance of the said former Acts, or of this Act, to denote the stamp for 41

irspective Duties thereby and hereby respectively charged thereupon; and if any of the said Matters the Daiies.

and Things, so to be ingrossed or written as aforesaid, shall be ingrossed or written, contrary to the true Penalty of not

Intent and Meaning hereof, upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not appearing to have been duly the^pi-oper

marked or stamped according to this Act ; that then, and in every such Cafe, there shall be due, answered, b^idwtheia-

and paid (over and above the Stamp Duties payable hereby, and by the said former Acts, or any of them) tiec|

for or in respect of every such Matter or Thing, the Sum of five Pounds; and that no such Matter or tnd the laftro-

Thing shall be available in Law or Equity, or be given in Evidence, or admitted in any Court, unless as went deemed

well the said Duty hereby charged in respect thereof, as the said Sum of five Pounds, shall be first paid unavailable, y a*

to the Receiver General for the time being of the Stamp Duties, or his Deputy or Clerk, and until the tilthefeDude*,.

Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which such Matter or Thing is so ingrossed or written, shall be pc^ *^e

marked or stamped according to the Tenor and true Meaning hereof; and the said Receiver General, p^* y>

zed hi* Deputy or Clerk, arc hereby enjoined and required, upon Payment or Tender of the said Duties, Receipt to b«

ar;J of the said Sum of five Pounds, and such other Sums as by the said former Acts are payable in that g»y«n for the

Bch of, to give a Receipt for such Monies ; and the other proper Officers are thereupon required to mark £ld Ij)ullc,L

•r stamp such Matters or Things with the proper Marks or Stamps, or Mark or Stamp, required in that

Behalf; which laid Sum of five Pounds is to be applied to the fame Ufcs and Purposes as the Duties Sutiez.

hereby granted arc to be applied.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Rates and Duties herein before Dutifit0 be paid

granted shall be paid, from time to time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the time being of over to the Re-

the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account ceiver General,.

of the Karen and Dufies infing by virtue of this Act ; and pay the fame (the necessary Charges of raising, ina by him into

paying, and accounting for, such Rates and Duties being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, theIicZc^urr;,

for the Purposes herein after exp re fled, at such Time, and in such Manner, as any former Duties on

Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are directed to be paid * and that in tho Office of the Auditor of

