A.D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. C. 51. 785

reflly, reserved or accruing to the Granter, except the Rent payable by the Lease; and that no Lease; nor till Derer-

such Lease shall be granted till after the End or other Determination of any former Lease of the fame muutl0a lheTC0*> &c0

Premises ; or that such Lease, if granted for a Time certain, shall be within One Year of being de*-

termined; and that all Leases otherwise granted shall be void and null.

VIII. And be it provided and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Taillie shall, ei* p*^/ohta,n,ns amp!e

ther expressly or by Implication, contain Powers of Leafing uu>re ample than arc hereby given; the H°irejJPoffeflion may

Heirs of Entail in Possession shall be at Liberty to exercise all such rowers, in the same Manner ase<ercifcthefame.

if this Act had never b?en made.

IX. 4 And whereas it may be highly beneficial to the Public, if Proprietors of entailed Estates

* were encouraged to lay out Money in inclosing, planting, or draining, or in erecting Farm-houses,

c and Offices or Out-buildings for the fame, upon their entailed Lands and Heretages: And where-

4 as such Proprietors may be induced and encouraged so to do, if they, their Executors and Af-

4 signs, were secured in recovering a reasonable Satisfaction, for the Money expended in making

4 such Improvements, from the succeeding Heirs of Entail;’ be it therefore enacted by the Autho- Pj0PnetorIly‘n?°ut

rity aforesaid. That every Proprietor of an entailed Estate who lays out Money in inclosing, plant- ofEnlre^to'kcTcvdU

ing, or draining, or in erecting Farm-houses, and Offices or Out-buildings for the fame, for the for to luccre.i n • Heir

Improvement of his Lands and Heretages, shall be a Creditor to the succeeding Heirs of Entail for for Three Fourths

Three Fourth Parts of the Money laid out in making the said Improvements, thereof.

X. Provided always. That the Sum or Sums of Money laid out upon such Improvements, by Provided the fa™c do not

any One Heir of Entail during his or her Possession, shall not, in any Cafe^ wh tever, be effectual atteTDeduOion

to constitute a Claim against the succeeding Heir of Entail, for more than Four Years free Rent of of Burdens,&c.U ' "

the said entailed Estate, after Deduction of all publick Burdens, Life-rents, and Interests of Debts,

which may acted the said Estate, as the fame shall happen to be at the First Term of IVbitfundiy

after the Death of the Heir who expended the Money claimed.

XL Provided also, That every Proprietor of an entailed Estate, whd intends to lay out Money Propriety Intending nj

on such Improvements, shall. Three Months at least before he begins to execute the fame, give No- lay cu: on In:

tice in Writing to the Heir of Entail next intitled to succeed to the said Estate after the Heirs of the ^/thereof; °*

Body of the said Proprietor,if within Great Britain or Ireland, and if the Heir next intituled to succeed

is not within Great Britain or Ireland, shall give Notice in Writing to the neared male Relation

by his Father cf lawful Age, or to his known Fador or Attorney, of such his Intention, specify- with sh«!ft*orPStcwaid

ingin such Notice the Kind of Improvement intended, and the Farms or Parts of the Estate uponcieik;

which the Improvements are intended to be made ; and shall lodge a Copy thereof with the Sheriff

or Steward Clerk of the County wherein the Lands lie.

XII. Provided likewise. That the Proprietor of an entailed Estate, who lays out Money in mak- andIjy‘ng °ut Money

ing Improvements upon his entailed Estate, with an Intent of being a Creditor to the succeeding c^ltonftcntto become

Heirs of Entail in the Manner above expressed, shall annually, during the making such Improve-

ments, within the Space of Four Months after the Term of Martinmas, lodge with the Sheriff or

Steward Clerk of the County within which the Lands and Heretages improved are situated, an Ac- to lod annuany

count of the Monty expended by him in such Improvement during Twelve Months proceeding the shrrifFor Seward

that Term o f Martinmas, subscribed by him, with the Vouchers by which the Account is t6 be clerk; an Account of

supported when Payment shall be demanded or (ued for. Money expended, &c.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when a Sum equal to Four Years free Renf Heirof Enrail Uyingout

shall have been laid o rt, in Manner above-mentioned, by One or more Heir or Heirs of Entail, 4 Years Ore Rent,

ard shall remain a subsisting Charge against the succeeding Heirs; it shall not be lawful for any subsequent Heir not

subsequent Heir or Hein to lay out any more Money under the Authority of this Act, for any of say out more.

the Improvements afore-mentroned. '

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheriff or Stewart Clerks, with cicrkt towtoid*

whom the Accounts, Vouchers, and Copies of Notice shall be lodged, shall, within the Space of Voucher?,

One Month thereafter, record them in a Book to be kept for that rurpose, and return them when and fnaJc* c • 4

called for; and shall make the Book patent to all Persons desirous to fee the fame ; and shall give thereof,

certified Copies or Extracts of all Accounts, Vouchers, and Copies ofNotice recorded, they receiv- Fccs furthe ramr

ing for their Trouble the ufua! Fevs for recording Writings and giving out Extracts, and Sixpence -

Stn!ing from each Person who shall have Infpcetion of the Book wherein the Accounts, Vouchers, x

and Copies of Notice shall he recorded.

XV. And be ir enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Executor or Executors, Assignee Suerrflive claim* n»v

.or Assignsj cr other PeTfon or Persons, having Right to the Claim arising from Money expended wui'fnr M ,r'

by the Proprietor of an entailed Estate rn the improvement thereof, may after the Expiration of One Pended» Wllh lnre,crt«

Year from the Death of the Heir who expended the Money, require the Heir next succeeding to r

the Elhtc, to pay such Part thereof as is due by the Authority of this Act, with the legal Interest,

from the Term at which the succeeding Heir's Right to the Rents of the Estate did commence,

i:pon receiving a proper Discharge ami Alignment of »he said Claim; and if the Money is not paid 0nNorP,Tmrnr with!,

within I hree Months of Inch Kequmtion, it shall then he lawful for the rerion or persons having . j^onths,‘Action m»y

_Righr, to institute no Action in the Court of Session against the Heir then in Possession, for com- be in jured agamit Heir

peliing him to pay the Monty, and Interest thereof; and upon obtaining a Decree, he, (he, or «n Poiirihon.

thty shall be at Liberty to use every Kind of Diligence or Execution, authorised by the Law of Scot-

fond in recovering Payment of Debts, excepting Adjudication against: the entailed Estate improved ; PerCon* r>bt.vn;n(;pe-

on d in all Questions of Competition for the Rents of the Entailed Estate, the Person or Persons who ro i.‘a\efp,ucrcnc^

have filed for and obtained a Decree under the Authority of this Act, or the Person or Persons bav- °'ohtr rC3'‘ar>*

Vol. X. 5 ing

