A. D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III* C. 24. 193

payment thereof, such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Vaults, Cellars, or other Tenements, shall be,

and the fame are hereby made a Security for and chargeable with such Arrears.

LX. And, to the End the said Rates may be more effectually cotieded and received, be it further enact-Tenmts and

ed, That all and every Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Occupy to pay

Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, are and shall be liable to pay the Whole of such Rates, when no * RaUa*

Competition shall have been made as aforesaid, to the Receiver or Receivers to be appointed by the said

Commissioners as herein is directed ; and in case of such Payment, such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or

Occupiers, shall be at Liberty, and is and are hereby authorized to deduct and detain out of his, her, or

their Rent, such Proportion of such Rates as he, (he or they, shall respectively pay, on account of the feve-

ral Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Wart houses, Cellais,

Vaults, or other Tenements, and shall be hereby saved and kept harmless from any further Payment

of any such Rate or Rates, to any Person or Persons to whom any such Rent or Rents should or oug it

to be paid.

LXl. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That where any Part or Parts of the Pave- Pavement!lhMe

ment of the said Streets or other Places, hath or have been accustomed, or ought to be paved and repaired V-c*

by any particular Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and not by the Owners or Occupiers of repaid -

the Houses or other Buildings adjoining to the Pavement .of the said Streets and Places respectively ; the h n their Ex-

fame shall be paved and repaired at the Expence of the respective Parish or Parishes, B >dies Politic or Cor-pence by the

porate, by the Paviour or Paviours contracting with or employed by the said Commissioners.^ piXur*

LXn. Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more 0r the

of them, fiom time to time, to compound and agree for the fame with any such Parish or Parishes, or Bo- sioners maycom-

dies Politic or Corporate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or other Measure, as the said Coaimif- £>u.nd wi£,uc*

sioners, or any five or more of them, shall think reasonable. the ftme *

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and \n publ'ict

for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at their Discretion, and they are hereby required, Balding.,&c.t#

from time to time, to rate and assess, for the Purposes of this Act, all Parish Churches, Church Yards, rated by the

Chapels, Meeting Houses, Schools, Warehouses, Hospitals, Prisons, and all other publick Buildings what- r10trc YAfd*

soever, and all dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, situate and being within either of the said Streets

and ocher Places, at a Rate to be settled by five or more of the said Commissioners, not exceeding six Pence

for every Square Yard, belonging to every such Parish Church, Church Yard, Chapel, Meeting House,

School, Warehouse, Hospital, Prison, and other publick Buildings whatsoever, dead Wall, and void Space

of Ground ; the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Afledments, to be made and paid for such Parish Churches,

Chapels, and Church Yards, to be paid by the respective Church or Chapel Wardens; and the Rate or

Rates, Adedment or Adedments, to be made and paid for such Meeting Houses, Schools, Warehouses,

dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors,

thereof; and the Rate or Rates, Adedment or Afledments, to be made and paid for such Hospitals, Prisons,

and other publick Buildings, shall be paid by such Person and Persons, Officer and Officers, as are now

liable to pay for paving, cfeanfing, lighting, and watching, the said Streets, in respect of such Hospital,

Prison, or other publick Building respectively.

LXIV. And be it further en a flea by the Authority aforesaid. That where any Person or Persons, who OccopwKjutr-

hath or have been rated and afleded by virtue of this Act, shall quit his, her, or their Dwelling house, ing w.nout p*y.

Warehouse, Shop, Vault, Cellar, or Tenement, whereupon such Kate or Adedment has been made, be ma*

ft re he, (he, or they, shall have paid the fame, and shall afterwards refuse to pay the fame when due, and * toiJowed*

demanded by the Person or Persons authorized and appointed to collect and receive the same; that then,

and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Receiver or Receivers, Collector or

Collectors, and every or any of them, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more Justices

of the Peace acting in and for the said Town and Places, which Warrant the said Justices are hereby au-

thorized and required to grant, in any Place within the said Borough of Southwark, or County of Surrey;

or, out of the Limits thereof (such Warrant being first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate in the

County, City, or Liberty, where the Distress is to be made) to distrain the Goods and Chatties of such

Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting, and the fame to fell, rendering the Overplus, if any such shall

be, after deducing the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such

-Good5 and Chatties demanding the fame.

LXV. And be it further enacted. That all and every Person or Persons paying the Rates and AflelT- Person* pivtnj

ments by this Act laid, within the said Streets and Places respectively, shall be, and they, and every of Rate,v

them, is and are hereby exempted and discharged from the Charge and Expence of paving, cleansing, light- cmPlcd«

ing, or watching, the said Streets, and all other Streets and Places within their respective Pantiles, wherein

any Part of the said Streets, Courts, Yards, Lanes, Alleys, and other Places respectively arc situate;

and also from all Penalties which may or might be incurred by reason or means of their neglecting to

pave, cleanse, light, or watch, the fame respectively ; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary not-

withstanding.

* LX VI. And whereas Provision may have been formerly made determined by Acts of Parliament, either for pav- Former Ratet to

* ing, cleansing, lighting, watching, or keeping in Repair, the said Streets and other Places, or some Part cc'fc*

* or Parts thereof intended to be paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, and kept in Repair, by this Act;’ be

it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That as soon as any Rate or Assessment (lull be made,

laid, or afTrfled, determined by virtue of this Act, on the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands, Houses, Shops, Ware-

houses, Cellars, Vsuits, or other Tenements; or on any Church or Chapel Wardens, for and on account

VoL. X. Cc of

