670 C. 19,

20.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1770.

Justicesmaycause HI. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this AS, be it further enacted,

to be drawn up a|i ai*j every the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be con-

vince] of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the follow-

ing Form of Words, or in any Form of Words to the said £ffeft,*as the Cafe shall happen ; videlicet,

the following

Form of Con-

viction.

* TJ E it remembered, That on the Day of

4 JLJ Lord A B is convicted before tncCjD, One of His Majesty’s Justices of the

‘ Peace for the County of

4 theJanie was committed, as the Cafe shall be.)

in the Year of our

iy’s Justices of the

(specifying the Offence, and Time and Place when and where

Fetfom agtiisved

m iv jp.n'ai to

the Charter-fatt-

ens i

ftivinj 14 Days

Nut ce to Persons

coir.pl «iocJ

Determination

to kc tujaJ,

■or removable

by Certiorari.

Preamble.

* Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year aforesaid.*

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Person {hall think himself or herself aggriev-

ed, by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at

the next General Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Com-

plaint shall arise, and within Four Days after the Cause of such Complaint {hall havearifen ; such Appel-

lant giving or causing to be given. Fourteen Days Notice at least, in Writing, of his or her Intention to

bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons whose Acts are complained against}

and within 1 wo Days after such Notice, entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for

Jiich County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order

of, and to pay such Costs as {hall be awarded by, the Justices at such Quarter-session ; and the said Justices

at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Re-

cognizance, {hall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal, in a luminary Way,

and award such Coils to the Parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said Justices {hall think pro-

per } and the Determination of such Quarter-session {hall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents

and Purposes 5 and no Order made concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, pr any other Proceedings to

be had, touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender against this Act, {hall be^quashed for want

of Form, or be removed by Certiorari* or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty’s

Courts of Record at WeshninJhr•

CAP. XX.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of JSntf*

Lynn, and the Liberties thereof.

WHEREAS the Borough of King9s Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, is a Town of extensive

Trade : And whereas there hath been usually held before the Mayor or Recorder of the said Bo-

rough, or their or One of their Deputies, a Court of Record for the Trial of Civil Actions, commonly

called The Guild Hall Court 5 but as the Proceedings of the said Court have been found to be expensive and

dilatory, many ill-disposed Persons do often contract Small Debts, and, although able, refuse to pay the

fame ; presuming on the Discouragement which Creditors lie under from the Expence which they are un-

avoidably put to, and the Delays which they meet with in suing for such Debts: May it therefore please

Your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; ana * be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* ana Commons, in this present Parlia-

foowaiflaonen. ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Ten eldest

Common Council of the said Borough for the Time being, and such other Persons within the said Borough

who, for the Time being, are or {hall be chosen Guardians of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Margaret

within the said Borough, and the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of South Lynn, alias All Saints, within

the said Borough or Liberties thereof, for the Time being, {hall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners

to hear and determine all such Matters of Debt and Detinue as are herein after mentioned; and the said

Stile of theCowt, Commissioners are hereby constituted a Court of Justice by the Name of The Court of Requejls for the Borough

of King’s Lynn, and the Liberties thereof ; and they the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them.

How Meetings shall and are hereby imnowered and required to meet and hold the said Court Once in every Calendar Month,

* bekeld. or 0ftnerj if there {hall be Occasion, in the Guild Hall within the said Borough, or at any other convenient

Place there, to be appointed by the major Part of the said Commissioners ; and the said Commissioners, or

any Three or more of them, from Time to Time assembled at such Courts, are hereby authorised and fully

impowered to hear and determine all such causes as are hereafter mentioned, and to give such Judgments,

and to make such Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, with Costs, against the

Body and Bodies, or against the Goods of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give

any such Judgment, or make any such Order or Decree, as to them {hall seem just in Law or Eouity, and

most agreeable to good Confidence: And if the Commissioners shall happen to be equally divided upon any

Question which may come before them, the Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being, if present; or

in his Absence the Deputy Mayor, if present ; or in his Absence the Recorder of the said Borough for the

Time being, if present; or in his Absence the Deputy Recorder, if present; or in his Absence the senior

Alderman present; and if no Alderman is present, the senior Common Councilman present; and if no

Common Councilman be present, the Commissioner present who (lands the first-named Guardian of the fe-

deral Wards within the said Pariftx of Saint Margaret, {ball have the Casting Vote,

II. And

Casting Vtte.

