The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Year #ne thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; and

for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this

Session of Parliament; for carrying to the Aggregate

Fund a Sum of Money which hatharifen by the Two

Sevenths Excise; for impowering his Majesty, with the

Advice of his Privy Council, to permit the Importa-

tion of any Sort of Corn or Grain, Duty-free, into this

Kingdom, for a longer Time than is permitted by any

Act of this Session of Parliament; and for obviating

Doubts in relation to the Meeting of Commissioners

for putting in Execution an Act of this Session, for

granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax.

55. An Act for further continuing an Act of the last Sef-

fion of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render

more t'jfcflual, in his Majesty s Dominions in America, an

ASt passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for punifning Mutiny and Desertion, and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

56. An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of one Shil-

ling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Singlo 'l eas

consumed in Great Britain; and for granting a Draw-

back upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland, anJ the

British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, upon

such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof by

the East India Company, as is therein mentioned; for

permitting the Exportation of Teas in smaller Quan-

tities than one Lot to Ireland, or the said Dominions in

America; and for preventing Teas seized and condemned

from being consumed in Great Britain,

57. An Act for establishing an Agreement for the Pay-

ment of the annual Sum of four hundred thousand

Pounds, for a limited Time, by the East India Com-

pany, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and Re-

venues lately obtained in the East Indies,

58. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties

on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom ;

and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the

raising and drelTing of Hemp and Flax.

59. An Act for retraining and prohibiting the Governor,

Council, and House of Representatives, of the Province

of New York, until Provision shall have been made for

furnishing the King’s Troops with all the Necessaries

required by Law, from patting oraflenting to any Act of

Assembly, Vote, or Resolution, for any other Purpose.

60. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in

the County of Brecon,

61. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two

Acts passed in the thirteenth Year of King George the

First, and the seventeenth of his htc Majesty, for re-

pairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County

of Aliddlsex, to that End of Maidenhead Btidge which

lies in the County of Bucks; and for amending the

Road from Slough, to a certain Place in Eton, and

from Lankly Broom to Daichct Brief e, in the County of

Buckingham.

62. An Act to continue the Term, and render more ef-

f-'ftual an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his late

Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the

Town of 'Tiverton, in the County of D rvv; and for

repairing and widening the Road from Bick/ey Bridge

Croft, over Bick/ev B’idge, to the Sign of the S:ra?i in

the 1 own of S helton and also the Road from Bickley

bleed Crnji to Ford Filin'? I! a ter, in the said County.

65. An Act fi'r building a Bridge cross the River Frames,

from S win ford, in the County of Berks, to Eynjham^ in

the County of Oxford.

64. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted

by an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of his late

Majesty King George the Second, for opening and

making a new Road from the East End of New Street,

in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through

the several Places therein mentioned; and for keeping

the said Road in Repair for the future; and for repair-

ing several other Roads adjoining thereto.

65. An Act for continuing, altering, and amending, two

Acts of Parliament of the twelfth of King George the

First, and of the tenth of his late Majesty, for repair-

ing several Rojds leading into the City of INorccfler ;

and for amending several other Roads near or adjoining

thereto.

66. An Act for repairing anJ wiJening the Road from

the Weft End of Thames Street, in the City of Oxford,

over Botley Can feuxvv, to the Turnpike Road near Fife LI,

in the County of Berks,

67. An Act for amending, repairing, and widening, fevc-

ral Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford,

6c>. An Act for amending and widening the Road leading

from the Bell Inn at Northfeld, in the County of ll or-

cefler, to the /Voelton Turnpike, in the great Turnpike

Road leading from Stratford upon Aeon, in the County

of JVarwick, to Birmingham in the same County.

69. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint

Martin, within the City of Worcester,

70. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted

by an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of his late Ma-

jesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of King-

ston upon Hull, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and

from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County

of the said Town of King ston upon Hull,

71. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act

pallid in the eighteenth Year of King George the Se-

cond, for repairing the Road from Sacred Gate, on the

South East Side of the Town of He Aon, in the East

Riding of the County of York, through the said Town,

to Hull North Bridge; and for amending the Road from

the present Turnpike Bar in JTyton Holmes, through the

Townships of IJyton and Sproatiey, to the Guide Polfc

in Flintcn Lane, aear Humblcton Aloor Hourfe, in the

fame Riding.

72. An Act for the better and more effectual Maintenance

and Relief of the Poor of the Borough and Parish of

Queenboreugh, in the County of Kent,

73. An Act for building a Bridge ciofs Stonehouse Creek*

from Stonehouse to Plymouth Dock, in the County of

Devon,

74. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted

by two Acts of Parliament, of the third of King Georg E

the First, and the eleventh of his late Majesty, for en-

abling the Parishioners of Saint Alary Rctherhith, in the

County of Surrey, by certain Funeral Rates therein,

mentioned, to fimlh the said Parish Church, and for

purchasing an additional Burial Ground, and to enable

them to raise Money for purchasing the present Parson-

age House, and converting the Scire thereof into a.

Burial Ground, and for providing a new Personage

House.

75. An Act for the morr* rffhftual repairing, widening*

and rendering commodious the Highways within the

Paritti of IIaI'n*7, in the County of Middlesex; and for

lighting the Street in Old Brentford within the said

Parish, from the Turning towards Kcw Bridge, to a

Street called He Half Acre.

76. An Act for continuing the Term of several Acts for

repairing the Road between ilymondham and Attlebo-

rough, in the County of Norfolk; and for amending the

Road from the End of the i own Close, in the County

of

