700

Si;*ns, &c. *o be

af'rm*<l on the

Fronts of Houses

&c.

C. 23. Anno decimo Georgii III. A. D. 1770.

Footways, and all other Incroachments, Projections, or Annoyances whatsoever, within the Limits afore-

said, to be t ken down and removed ; and shall cause all Signs, Boards, and Gutters, to be affixed and

L. e placed dole to or on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or Buildings, whereunto they respec-

iies, lively belong, or otherwise as the said Commissioners {hall think proper and convenient; and shall return or

cause to be returned to the respective Owners, all or so much of such Signs, Sign-posts, Poles, Sign-irons,

Boards, Spouts, and Gutters, as shall not be affixed or put up, or otherwise made use of in the Alterations

directed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act; and that for the future, all Signs, Sign-boards,

and Gutters, shall be placed and fixed dole to or on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or

Buildings, to which they respectively belong, and not otherwise ; and if any Person or Persons shall at any

Time hereafter hang, place, erect, or build, any Sign, Sign-post, or other Ports, Sign-iron, Pole, Porch,

Penthouse, Board, Spout, Gutter, or other Projection, Obstrutftion, or Annoyance whatsoever, or cause

be removed, tcc.

Where Per It,ns

refule 10 treat,

etc.

4-sanrncd upon

Oattu

A Portico mjy XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this A& contained shall prevent the Pro-

p h,Uhemin 0* Pr*etors or Owners of a cer ain new Erection or Building on the South Side of Oxford Street aforesaid, now

£;”;n or intended to be called The Pcinthc:ny from erecting and building, or caafing to be erected and built, and

from Time to 'l ime repairing when erected and built, a Portico in or to the Front of the said new Erection

or Building, so as the lame do not cause any Annoyance to the Footway in the said Street.

B'l’Mir* pro- XXXJ1I.~‘ And whereas it might tend to the public Convenience, if all Buildings and Erections project-

} ttwig «ut, n av4 |ng into or upon the Footways were taken down and removed, as also all Doors of Cellars leading from and

out of any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts,. Yards, Mewfes, Alleys, Pafl'ages, and Places, and

* ail Steps belonging thereto, and all other Projections whatsoever, and not herein before mentioned, were

4 taken down, r*. moved, and altered, as the said Commissioners shall think fit;’ be it further enacted by the

Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons whomsoever in any wise interested in any of the said Pre-

mises, upon 'Fen Days Notice to them given, or left in Writing at the House or Houses, Place or Places of

Abode of such Person or Persons, or at the House, Shop,'Shed, or other Place of theTenant in Possession

of such Premifjs, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree for the Sale of any such Premises, in any

Part or Parts thereof, or for their Interest therein, then and in every such Cafe the said Commissioners shall

a Jury to he rum- cau*“ ^1C Valueof the Premises to be inquired into and ascertained, by and on theOath of a Jury of Twelve

xnonh 10 fetric indifferent Men of the County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of IVcJhnmfler, as the Cafe shall require

the lUiompence. (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, is and are hereby impowered and requir-

ed to administer) what Damages will be sustained determined by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made

to such Owners, Occupiers, or Proprietors, or other Person 'or Persons interested in the Premises before

mentioned, or any Part or Parts thereof, which the said Commissioners shall think proper to be pulled down

and removed, for their respectivelntercfts therein ; and in order thereunto, the said Commissioners arc hereby

witness to be impowered and required from Time to Time, as there shall beOccasion, to summon and call before the fail!

fu^monca ani Jury, and to examine upon Oath, all Persons whatsoever who shall be thought necessary or proper to be ex-

amined as Witndles touching or concerning the Premises (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any-one

or more of them, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) ; and if any of the Parties in:e-

rested shall request the fame, or the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think it neceila-

ry, shall also cause the said Jury to view the Place or Places in Question, and shall use all other lawful Ways

and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises, in such Manner as

r nfcf h t^ie^r ^°mm*ffl0ners shall think fit ; and after the said Jury shall have so enquired of, ascertained,

and^Re- an^ settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Commission'rs shall thereupon order and adjudge

the Sum or Sums of Money so aflelled by the said Jury for such Premises as aforesaid, to be paid to the Per-

fons interested in the said Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof, according to the Verdict and Inquisition;

and the Order and Adjudication so had and made shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes,

against all Parties and Persons whatsoever claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their

Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, and Siiccessors respectively, as well abfwitas present. Infants, Femcs-

covert, Lunaticks, Ideots, and Persons under any Disability whatsoever, as well as all other Person and Per-

fons whomsoever $ and all and every Person and Persons in any wise interested in the Premises, or in any

Part or Parts thereof, shall, from ana after Payment and Tender of the Money so aflelled and adjudged as

aforesaid, in Manner hereafter directed, be hereby, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, liilc,

Claim, Interest, or Property, of, in, or to the fame.

XXXIV. And be it hereby further enacted. That if any Person shall be intitled either in Reversion or

Remainder to any such Premiles, the Money so awarded by a Jury as a Satisfaction shall be settled totbe

fame Ules as the Premiles were ; unless such Person so interested shall content to give up such reversionary

Interest.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That for the summoning and returning

l*n»nion * iur/* of such Jury or Juries, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, arc hereby impowered from

Time to Time to ifllic their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the said County, or to the High Bailiff

of ITeJlminJier, as the Cafe may be, thereby requiring him or them to impanel, summon, and return an in-

different Jury of Twenty-four Persons to appear before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as

in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, of which Time and Place all Parties interested shall have

Ten Days Notice given or left in Manner herein last before mentioned ; and the said Sheriff or Hi^h Bailiff,

or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impanel, summon, and return such Twcmy-

four Persons accordingly ; and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such

of them as shall appear accordingly to or upon such Summons, the said Commissioners shall cause to be sworn

Twelve,

compci*se.

Money av^arded

for Piennies,

settled Co like

Vfcs.

Sheriffs, Sec. to

