A.D. 1765.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

C. 14.

35

CAP. XIV.

An Act for the more efTeftual Preservation of Fish in Fish Ponds and other Waters*, and

Conics in Warrens j and for preventing the Damage done to Sea Banks, within the County

of Lincoln, by the Breeding Conies therein.

WHEREAS the several Laws in being for the Preservation of the Fish in Rivers, Ponds, Pools, Preamble.

Monts, Stews, and other Waters, are by Experience found to be ineffectual to deter divers loose,

4 idle, and disorderly Persons, from stealing, taking away, or destroying, the Fish therein bred and pre-

lerved ;’ May it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That in case any Person or Persons from and after the first Day of June^ one thousand seven hun- After irt June,

tired and sixty-five, shall enter into any Park or Paddock fenced in and inclosed, or into any Garden,

176;, Perron.

bchard, or Yard, adjoining or belonging to any Dwelling-house, in or through which Park or Paddock, ^0,^* "

Garden, Orchard, or Yard, any River or Stream of Water shall run or be, or wherein shall be any after the of-

River, Stream, Pond, Pool, Moat, Stew, or other Water, and by anyWays, Means, or Device what- fence, of Healing

soever, shall steal, take, kill, or destroy, any Fish bred, kept, or preserved, in any such River or Stream, or destroying

Pond, Pool, Moat, Stew, or other Water aforesaid, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners

thereof; or shall be aiding or assisting in the stealing, taking, killing, or destroying, any such Fish as aiding oraflift-

aforesaid; or shall receive or buy any such Fish knowing the fame to be so stolen or taken as aforesaid; ing therein\ or

find being thereof indicted within six Calendar Months next after such Offence or Offences shall have been knowingly re-

committed, before any Judge or Justices of Gaol Delivery for the County wherein such Park or Paddock, living or boy.

Garden, Orchard, or Yard, shall be, and shall on such Indictment be, by Verdict, or his or their own

Confession or Confcflions, convicted of any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid; the Person or Persons

so convicted shall be transported for seven Years. Years.

4 II. And, for the more cafy and speedy apprehending and convidling of such Person or Persons as shall

be guilty of any of the Offences before-mentioned,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That in case any Person or Persons shall, at any Time after the said first Day of June, commit or be Any Offender

guilty of any such Offence or Offences as are herein before-mentioned, and shall surrender himself to any making a Dif-

onc of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in and for the County where such Offence or Offences shall *°*-a°/

have been committed; or, being apprehended and taken, or in Custody for such Offence or Offences, or AccompSkes]i§

on any other Account, and shall voluntarily make a full Confession thereof, and a true Discovery, upon imitird to

Oath, of the Person or Persons who was or were his Accomplice or Accomplices in any of the said Pardon,

Offences, so as such Accomplice or Accomplices may be apprehended and taken, and shall, on the Trial

of such Accomplice or Accomplices, give such Evidence of such Offence or Offences, as shall be fufRcient

to convict such Accomplice or Accomplices thereof; such Person making such Confession and Discovery,

afld giving such Evidence as aforesaid, shall, by virtue of this Act, be pardoned, acquitted, and discharg< d,

of and from the Offence or Offences so by him ronfeff’cd as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall, Person. convict-

after the said first Day of June, take, kill, or destroy, or attempt to take, kill, or destroy, any Fish, in of taking

any River or Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Water (not being in any Park or Paddork, or in any Garden, F^ft?n Rive*Cor

Orchard, or Yard, adjoining or belonging to any Dwelling-house, but shall be in any other inclosed other vwn.

Ground which shall be private Property) every such Person, being lawfully convicted thereof by the Oath

of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of forfeit to the

five Pounds, to the Owner or Owners of the Fishery of such River or Stream of Water, or of such Pond, of,the

Pool, Moat, or other Water: And it shall and may be lawful to and for anyone or more of his Ma- On tv :r plaint of

jesty’s Justices of the Peace of the County, Division, Riding, or Place, where such last mentioned Offence tbcOiicnc?,

or Offences shall be committed, upon Complaint made to him or them upon Oath, ag.iinft any Person Janice loifiue

or Persons, for any such last-mentioned Offence or Offences, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrant? w, MUlor

to bring the Person or Persons so complained of before him or them; and, if the Person or Persons f > r^-

complained of shall be convicted of any of the said Offences last-mentioned, before such Justice or '

Justices, or any other of his Majesty’s Justices of the same County, Division, Riding, or Place aforesaid, md the Prrulfy

by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnc ffes, which Oath such Justice or Justices 10 bc paid down

arc hereby authorized to administer, or by his or their own Confession; then, and in such Cafe, the Party

so convicted shall, immediately after such Conviction, pay the said Penalty of five Pounds, hereby bclore We tke

impofrd for the Offence or Offences aforesaid, to such Justice or Justices befere whom he (lull bo so ot.mdrrio bt

convicted, for the Ule of such Person or Pei suns as the fame is hereby appointed to be for feted and paiJ cwm-t h to

and, in Default thereof, shall be committed by such Justice or Justices to the House of Coriccliou, f, c Ih ,{r

unto

Corrf;li'>n f

fi 1 r.rWn j

for any Time not exceeding six Months, unless the Money forfeited shall be sooner paid.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Owner or Owners of the or in , u

Fishery of such River or Stream of Water, or of such Pond, Pool, or other Water, \. herein any such m%y be brought

Offence or Offences last-mentioned shall be committed as aforesaid, to sue and prosecute for, and recover for the prr.cry

the Lid Sum of five Pounds, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his M.ijesty’s ,a *nT of f^r

Courts of Record at IVejUninjUr; and in such Action or Suit, no Efluin, Wager of Law, or more th-m ^?rj£fat U

boogie

