2^-3 C. 4.-2.

Anno septimo Georgii III*

A.D. 1767,

Statute-work.

Defaulters afrer

stich Notice, for-

feit 10 t. per

Diem for each

Carriage and

Man not sent

to work $ and

Labourers 1 s.

€ d. per Diem,

Duty and La-

bour to be fairly

and equally de-

xmnded; and

the Penalties

and Forfeitures,

the Highways of the Parish, Township, or Place, for which they shall be required to perform such Duty

and Labour as aforesaid.

Duty of Survey- XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Surveyor or Surveyors shall, from time to time,

o s, in giving give to, or cause to be left at the House or usual Place of Abode of, every Person or Persons so liable to

the^erf<mjC|ia - Per^orm ^utY or Labour as aforesaid, four Days Notice at the least of the Day, Hour, and Place,

ble to perform ~ upon which each of the said Day’s Duty {ball be required to be performed; and every Person or Persons

making Default in finding and fending each Wain, Cart, or Carnage, furnished as aforesaid, and such able

Men with the fame, or in performing the said Duty, at the Time and Place, and in the Manner before

directed, or in paying the Compcfition for the fame, as herein after-mentioned, shall, for every such De-

fault or Neglect, forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings; and every Person or Persons making Default in fending

any such Labourer, or in performing such Labour, at the Time and Place, and in the Manner, before

directed, or in paying such Composition-money for the fame as herein after-mentioned, shall, forever?

such Neglect, forfeit the Sum of one Shilling and six Pence; and the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall

fairly and-equally demand and require such Duty and Labour, from every Person or Persons liable to per-

form the fame, according to the Directions aforesaid, without Favour or Partiality to any Person or Persons

whomsoever; and the said Surveyor or Suiveyors, or one of them, may and shall, and he and they is and

are hereby required, within twenty-one Days after every such Default made in Performance of such Duty

or Labour as aforesaid, or paying such Composition-money for the fame respectively as hereinafter-men-

tioned, to proceed for the Recovery of the Penalty or Forfeiture hereby inflicted for the fame respectively,

within 21 Days *n Martner herein after directed.

TerraMwhich XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons liable to perform the

thefevera] Per- said Duty by fending a Wain, Cart, or Carriage, with Men, Horses or Oxen, in Manner aforesaid, shall

font, liable to and may compound for the fame, if he, she, or they, shall think fit, by paying to the said Surveyor or

perform Statute- Surveyors, or one of them at least, two Days before the first Day on which such Duty shall by such

admitted tocom- Notice required to be performed, such Sum or Sums of Money as the Justices of the Peace for the

pound for the County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, Precind, or Liberty, wherein such Parish, Township, or

frme. Place, shall be, or the major Part of them, at their said Special Sessions, to be held on the first Monday in

October, or within fifteen Days next following, in every Year, shall adjudge and declare to be reasonable,

not exceeding six Shillings, nor less than three Shillings, for each Day $ and in Default of their adjudging

and declaring the fame, the Sum of four Shillings and six Pence, for and in lieu of every such Day’s

Duty; and that any Person or Persons liable to Tend a Labourer or Labourers in respect of his, her, or

their occupying Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of ten Pounds or upwards, by

such Progression as aforesaid, shall and may compound for the fame, if he, she, or they, shall think fit,

by paying to the Surveyor or Surveyors, or one of them, for every ten Pounds per Annum, the Sum of

eight Pence; and every Householder, or other Person or Persons, occupying Lands, Tenements, or Here-

ditaments, under the yearly Value of ten Pounds, and above the yearly Value of three Pounds, shall and

may compound for the fame, if he, she, or they, shall think fit, by paying to the said Surveyor or Sur-

veyors, or one of them, the Sum of six Pence; and every other Inhabitant, liable to perform such Duty

or Labour as aforesaid, shall and may compound for the fame, if he, she, or they, shall think fit, by

paying to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or one of them, the Sum of four Pence, for and in lieu of every

such Day’s Duty or Labour respectively, at least two Days before the first Day on which such Duty or

Labour shall, by such respective Notices, be so required to be performed.

Duty of Sumy- XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors of every Parilbi

rf, in respea of Town(hin, or Place, where the Number of Inhabitants liable to perform such Duty shall confiftof two

the* Time* and hundred Persons or upwards, shall, on the first or second Sunday in January in every Year, cause ten

Place of admit- Days Notice at the least to be given in the Church or Chapel of such Parish, Township, or Place, of the

Time and Place when and where the Persons inclined to compound for the said Duty, in Manner afore-

said, may pay their Composition-money; and all and every Person or Person who shall pay the Com-

position authorized and allowed by this A&, pursuant to such Notice, shall be discharged from the Per-

formance of such Duty, and the Forfeitures hereby imposed for his, her, or their Default therein; and

that in such Parish, Township, or Place, where such Notice shall be given as aforesaid, no Composition

shall be permitted, unless the fame shall be paid at the Day, or within the Time, to be expressed in such

Notice: But in Cafes where the Occupation of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be

changed, or any new Occupant or Inhabitant shall come to reside in such Parish, Township, or Place,

after the Time appointed for such Payment then the Person or Persons occupying such Lands, Tene-

ments, or Hereditaments, or so residing in such Parish, Township, or Place, shall be allowed to compound

in Manner aforesaid; provided he, she, or they, shall pay the said Composition-money to the said Sur-

veyor or Surveyors, or one of them, within fourteen Days after he, she, or thfcy, shall enter upon such

Lands* Tenements, or Hereditaments, or shall come to reside in such Parish, Township, or Place.

XXVII. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or

ting Persons to

compound.

Compositi< ■-

money to be

duly paid.

Regulations

'with respect to

Changes in the

Occupation of

Lands, &c. or

mew inhabi-

tants.

be construed to extend, to obligejany Person or Persons keeping a Team, Draught, or Plough, a^afore-

rTy ......

Persons occupy-

ing Lands, Sec.

n°tAn2TtnQ\ ^a,c^ an(* not occupying Lands7 Tenements, or Hereditaments, above the yearly Value of Tifty Pounds,

Xliged^find,0 find and fend, or compound for, more than one Wain, Cart, or Carriage, with Men to attend the

or compound for fame* in Manner as above directed: And that if any Person or Persons shall keep any Team, Draught,

jacretiuni Car- or Plough, or any Part thereof, for Part of the Year in one Parish, Township, or Place, and for Part of

the

3O0le

