Publick Act#

754. C. 29, 30, 3r. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

c And whereas it is by the said first-mentioned Act provided, that upon the Death, Resignation, or Remo-

c val, of either of \he said Clerks, another shall be elected in his Room, in Manner by the said Act pre-

4 feribed: And whereas it is reasonable that some further Encouragement than what is allowed by the said

4 Act, should be given for the great Expence the said Clerks have been put unto as above mentioned

be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when it shall happen that either of the

Clerks above named shall die, resign, or be removed, the Survivor or remaining rerfon shall be the folc

Clerk of the said Court of Requests, during his good Behaviour, with the like Powers, Authorities, DU

reftions, and Appointments, and subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Penalties, as are by the said Act:

directed and provided with respect to the Two Clerks therein named; and that upon the Death, Resigna-

nation, or Removal of such surviving or remaining Clerk, the said Office of Clerk shall be filled up by

Two Persons to be chosen by the Commissioners of the said Court of Requests, Clerks of the said Court*

. in like Manner as by the said first-mentioned Act is directed, in case of the Death, Resignation, or Remo-

val of either of the said Clerks.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act {hall be deemed, adjudged, and

taken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other

Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled. An

A3 for better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain Goods removed from toe Out Ports

and other Places to London; for regulating the Fees of the Officers of His Majesty's Customs

in the Province of Senegambia in Africa; for allowing to the Receivers-general of the Duties

on Offices and Employments in Scotland, a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences \

for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns, and Quickfets, in Forests, Chaces> and private

Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in For efts and Chaces \ and for author ijing the Expor-

tation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall,

in the Islands of Orkney.

Preamble

Acts q Gao,

c. 41.

an<1 6 Geo.

.48. and feec

confirmed and

extended.

lowing to the Receivers-general of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland, a proper Compensation'

4 for their Trouble and Expences; for the better Preservaiitfh of Hollies, Thorns, and QuickJets, in ForeJisY

4 Chacesy and private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Forefls and Chaces; and for authorising the

r'~ szs an inferior Sort of Barleys called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall irp

in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, therein intended

, , Mistake, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of Roots, Shrubs*

and Plants, instead of being intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of Timber Trees, and of Woods

and UndeTwoodsy and for the further Preservation of Root/, Shrubsy and Plants: Now, for rectifying the said-

Mistake,’ be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pretent Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign {hall, notwith-*

standing such Mistake in reciting the Title thereof, made in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament*

be taken, deemed, and adjudged nevertheless to be meant thereby, and confirmed and extended according-

ly, as to all and every the several Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Mat-

ters and Things in the said Acts or either of them contained, in the same Manner, to all Intents, Con-

struftions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Mistake had never been made or happened, and the

'Title of the said Act of the Sixth Year of IJis present Majesty's Reign had at first been truly recited in the

said Act of the last Session of Parliament \ any Law or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwith-

{landing.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for extending like Liberty, in the Exportation of Rice from East and Weft Floridar

to the Southward of Cape Finifterrc in Europe, as is granted* by former Acts of Parliament,

to Carolina and Georgia.

Preamble. WHEREAS the granting the like Liberty, to export Rice in the same Manner from His Majesty's-

Colonies of East and IVeJi Florida to the Southward of Cape Finisterre in Europey as is granted,

4 by former Acts of Parliament to the Provinces of Carolina and Georgia, may be of great Benefit to the

4 said Colonies of East and West Florida £ be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty*

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons^in this present

After Augod 1, Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of August,

1770> One thousand seven hundred and seventy, it {hall and may be lawful for. any of His Majesty’s Subjects*

