642 C. 2,3, 4. Anno decimo Georgii III. A. D. 177a.

3CC0.3.C.9. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act made in the Eighth Year of His

and5Geo. 3.C.1 present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, 4 An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of

4 His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted Beef Porky Bacon, and Butter, from

Aas Geo. Ill, ‘ Ireland, for a limited Time ; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef Porky Bacon, and Battery from

f'.rrhrreontmued < British Dominions in America, for a limited Times Avail continue and be in full Force and Effect, until

ton arc 11771. ^ ^ j}ay of Marchy One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

Contieuat.onmay H# Provided nevertheless, That the said Continuation may be abridged or shortened, and this Act, or

Parliament. by any ^art thereof, may bc altered and varied, by any other Act or Acts to be made in this present Seffioh

of Parliament.

CAP. III.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion ; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quar-

ters. EXP.

CAP. IV.

See 10 Geo. 3. An Act for indemnifying all Persons, with respect to advising or carrying into Execution His

*45’ Majesty’s Orders of Council made for preventing the Spreading of a contagious Distemper

among!! the Horned Cattle, and for rendering the fame valid and effectual ; and for pre-

venting Suits in consequence thereof •, and to authorise the continuing, extending, arid cx-

' ecuting the fame, for a further Time.

freamble. c ttt HER EAS, upon divers Informations received, {hewing, that an infectious Distemper had

4 vV broke out, and continued to rage amongst the Horned Cattle in certain Parishes in the County

* of Southampton, and that several of them had died thereof; 'and further, that the Parishes in which the

4 said Distemper raged were very extensive, and contained many Herds of Horned Cattle, some of which

4 were dispersed at considerable Distances from others; and further, that certain Horned Cattle had been

4 driven from Places where the said infectious Distemper had broken out, and still raged, towards London

4 and other Parts of the Kingdom ; His Majesty taking the fame into Consideration, and judging it to be

4 a Matter of the utmost Importance to prevent, if possible, the spreading of the said Distemper, tvas

4 pleased, by divers Orders in Council, bearing Date respectively the Seventh, the Fourteenth, and the

4 Twenty-second Days of December la ft, to direct the Lord Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace for the

4 several Counties therein mentioned, upon the First Appearance of the said Distemper amongst the

4 Horned Cattle in each of the said Counties respectively, forthwith to carry into Execution the Directions

* 4 and Regulations prescribed by His Majesty’s said Orders in Council ; whereby it was ordered, (amongst

4 other 1 hings) that they should prevent the Removing any Horned Cattle from infefted Places; and that

4 they should cause such Cattle in Places where the Inteftion had spread, and also Cattle coming from in-

4 ftfted Places, to be killed, and their Carcasses and Hides buried, and treated in all Respects in the

4 Manner prescribed by an Order of his late Majesty in Council, bearing Date the Twenty-second Day of

4 Marchy in the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, first tendering to the Owner or Owners

4 of such Cattle, what, in their Judgement, should be the full and fair Value of them ; and His Majesty

4 was thereby further pleased to order, that the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury should issue such

4 Sums, from Time to Time, as might be necessary to defray all Charges and Expences occasioned by the

4 said several Orders ; which said Orders, for the Intents and Purposes aforesaid, and the carrying the fame

* into Execution, could not be justified according to theftrift Forms ofLaw, and yet were necessary, and

4 so much for the Service of thePublick, and their Preservation againstfo great and dangerous a Calamity,

4 that they ought to be justified by Act of Parliament, and all Persons advising, acting under, or in Obe-

4 dience to the fame, indemnified be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

All rfonal Ac- anc* with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament

turns or Profecu- assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That all personal Actions and Suits, Indictments, Infor-

tions, by reason mations, and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or {hall be prosecuted cr

of any net done commenced against any Person or Persons for or by reason of any Act, Matter or Thing, advised, corr-

Ihr^irMO°d mani*ecU appointed, or done in relation to the Premises, or of any Contraft or Agreement not performed

of Council or* by means of, or in obedience to, such Order or Orders of Council, be, are, and shall be, discharged and

Con rad not made void by virtue of this Act ; and that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against

pertoimedf are any Person or Persons for any such Act, Matter, or Thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done,

discharged, or such (Jontraft or Agreement not performed, he, {he, or they, may plead the General Issue, and gi\e

^una lead l^ls a°d ^ fyec*a? Matter in Evidence ; and if the Plaintiffor Plaintiffs in any Action or Suit so to

theG^er^Itluc. be commenced or prosecuted, shall become Nonfuir, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Disconti-

nuance ; or if a Verdict pass, or if Judgement {hall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against such

Double Costs. Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants {hall recover his, her, or their Double Costs, and {hall

have the like Remedy for the fame, as in Cafes where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

SeA«iiceyo7Uh IL Alld> for the better p.eventing the spreading of the said infectious Distemper, and putting a Stop

lihPrivyC^un- *bc sanae> be * enacted by the Authoriry aforesaid. That it {hall and may be lawful to and for the King’s

I most

