A.D. 1769.

Anno nono Georgii III.

C. 21.

557

fame be demanded; reasonable Charges being first allowed out of the fame unto such Collector or Col-

lectors for the taking, keeping, and felling such Distress.

XLVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no-Drawback allow*

thing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to charge any Coals brought to thced m Co*:? cr.n*

Town of Gainsburgh aforesaid, which shall not be used or consumed in the said Town; and that in case ©-it of ib»

any Quantity of Coals landed or unloaden in the said Town of Gainsburgh^ for which the Duties granted lovvn:

by this Act shall have been paid and fatiafied, shall afterwards be carried and conveyed out of the said

Town, in order to be used or consumed in any other Town or Place; then and in such Cafe the Person

or Persons who shall have paid the Duties for the fame, shall be intitled to a Drawback or Defalcation of

the Duties so paid for such Quantity of Coals so carried and conveyed away from, and used and con-

fumed out of, the Town of Gainsburgh; such Drawback to be immediately repaid by the Treasurer or

Receiver of the said Duty, upon producing a proper Certificate from the Collector or Collectors; and

the fame shall be allowed to such Treasurer in his Account by the said Trustees, upon his producing pro-

per Vouchers or Receipts for the fame.

XLVIL Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer or Receiver, Bit such Corfs

so paying such Drawback, to deduCt and retain thereout, a Sum, not exceeding Four-pence Halfpenny to p*y ior mea-

for every Chaldron, and Three-pence for every Ton of Coals, in respect whereof such Drawback (hall'unns0,17*

be allowed, for the Charge and Trouble of measuring or weighing the fame; and so in proportion for

any lesser Quantity than a Chaldron or Ton.

XLVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more re- T'use?s to find

gular collecting of the said Duty, the said Trustees, and their Successors, or any Five or more of them, Scj es>

being the Majority of any Meeting, out of the Duties granted by this Act, shall find and provide a fuf- *w

ficient Number of Bushels, of Standard Measure, and a sufficient Number of Beams, Scales, and ‘

Weights, to be delivered to and kept by the said Collector or Collectors, in order to measure and weigh

such Coals as shall be fold or delivered as aforesaid, and also a sufficient Number of Sacks made and

marked as herein after mentioned, to be used for the carrying of such Coals; and that no Coals shall be

fold or delivered at Gainsburgh aforesaid, either for the Use apd Consumption of the said Town, or of

any other Place or Places, but such as shall be measured or weighed respectively as aforesaid, and delivered

to the Buyer or Buyers thereof, or his or their Agent or Agents, in the Presence of the Collector or Col-

lectors, or some other Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Trustees to measure, weigh, and de-

liver the fame, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings for every Oft'ence, to be paid by the Person felling or

delivering such Coals to the said Trustees, and received and levied by the Collector or Collectors as the

said Duties on Coals are hereby directed to be recovered and levied.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Coals shall beTruflrcs to pro-

carried for Hire by any Porter or Labourer in the said Town, but in sacks provided by the said Trustees,

of the Width of Twenty-seven Inches at the least; and of Depth sufficient to contain Two heaped Win-"ac s*

xbtjlrr Bushels below the Lap or Slit, and on which some Mark or Stamp shall have been set by Order

of the said Trustees; which Sacks shall be bought and provided by the said Trustees, and such Stamp or

Marie fixed by their Order thereon; and the fame shall be delivered by the Collector or Collectors to all

such Porters or Labourers when and as often as they shall require the fame, upon Payment of the prime

Cost thereof, under the Penalty of Five Shillings for every Offence, to be paid by such Porter or La-

bourer to the said Trustees, and recovered and levied by the Collector or Collectors as the said Duties on

Coals are hereby authorised to be recovered and levied.

L. Provided also, That if any Person residing in any other Place than the Town of Gainsburghy whoperfemnot in.

shall porchafe Coals to be delivered to him or her at a Place in the Parish of Gainsburgh aforesaid called habitants of the

Morton, shall give One Day's Notice to the Collector or Collectors, Principal Measurer or Meafurers, Town cf Cainl-

of his or her Desire to have the fame measured or weighed in such Manner as if the fame had been deli-

vered within the said Town; it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are required here- to^mav havtT

by to cause One of their Meafurers to attend at the said Place called Morton, to measure or weigli the their CojU

fame; and the Seller of such Coals shall be obliged, and is hereby required, to deliver the fame by fuchwei^U d.

Measure or Weight as aforesaid.

LI. Provided always. That no Measurer shall be obliged to attend for the measuring or weighing any Cafes in which

less Quantity of Coals than Eight Chaldron, or Twelve Tons at the least; nor until the Person givingThe Measurer is

such N otice shall deposit and pay to such Collector or Collectors, Measurer or Meafurers, a Satisfaction tne”ld°bl;*ed 10

for the measuring or weighing thereof, not exceeding the Sum of Nine-pence for every Chaldron, or

Six-pence for every Ton of Coals, so intended to be measured or weighed; the Overplus (if any) of such

Money to be returned upon Demand.

LII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Collector or ColIcCtorsCollertors to

shall keep an exaCt Account in Writing of all Coals landed, unladen, and brought to the said Town ofkcpp Accounts

Gainsburgh^ and shall every Week deliver such Account to the Treasurer or Treasurers; and shall also,ofCoa* eivcrc<i*

at the Time of delivering such Accounts, pay unto such Treasurer all such Money as he or they shall re-

spectively have then received for or on account of the Duty granted by this Act, or otherways, for the

Use of the said Trustees; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers shall and may, out of the Money arising

by and out of the said Duty, make such Allowance as aforesaid to the said Measurer and Meafurers,

WeigheT and Weighers, Collector or Collectors* for and in Consideration of his and their Care and

Pains

boogie

