Anno quinto Georgii III.

A.D. 1765.

2o C. 12.

Bermuda *n3 Bahama, the Continent of America, the Islands belonging thereto, and the Bermuda and Bahama Islands,

6d. per Sheet. Stamp Duty of six Pence.

Bot^s forany Sum above For every Skin or Piece of Velltim or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be

101. and not exceeding ingrossed, written, or printed, any Bond f or securing the Payment of any Sum of Money above

aoi. withm the J*ld ten Pounds, and not exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling Money, within such Colonies*

acc, is. per ee. piantatjons^ ancj Islands, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling.

Bonds for any Sum above For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be

a°l. and not exeeeding ingrossed, written, or printed, any Bond for securing the Payment of any Sum of Money above

then 1 s.'Vd^per* twenty Pounds, and not exceeding forty Pounds Sterling Money, within such Colonies, Planta,-

Sheet/ ’ tions, and Islands, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling and lix Pence.

Warrant# for foraying For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be

orYetting out any Lands, ingrossed, written, or printed, any Order or Warrant for surveying or setting out any Quantity of

CXCf^he« , C°<S> not e*cecding one hundred Acres, issued by any Governor, Proprietor, or any Publick Officer

. per leeu alone, or in Conjunction with any other Person or persons, or with any Council, or any Council

and Aficmbly, within the British Colonies and Plantations in America, a Stamp Duty of six Pence.

w*rants for furvry'ng For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be

or setting out any Lands ingrossed, written, or printed, any such Order or Warrant for surveying or setting out any Quantity

*Land above one hundred, and not exceeding two hundred Acres, within the said Colonies and

£££?" 1C°' ’ Plantations, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling.

Warrants for surveying For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet Or Piece of Paper, on which shall be

r setting out any Lands Jngrossed, written, or printed, any such Order or Warrant for surveying or setting out any Quantity

above 100 Acres, and cf ^anj above two hundr/d, and not exceeding three hundred and twenty Acres, and in proportion

for every such Order or Warrant for surveying or setting out every other three hundred

twenty Acres, within the said Colonies and Plantations, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling and

six Pence.

meinc *,w*t* - ^0r everV Skih or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which {ball be

nnces^Scc'ofCLambTnot ingr°ffed, written, or printed, any Original Grant, or any Deed, Mesne Conveyance, or other In<-

exceeding 100 Acres strument whatsoever, by which any Quantity of Land not exceeding one handred Acres shall be

upon the Continent, or granted, conveyed, or assigned, within the Br'rtish Colonies and Plantations upon the Continent of

islands of Bermuda «nd rfmer'Ua% the Islands belonging thereto, and the Bermuda and Bahama Islands (except Leases for

SheeT*’,8' 6 PW any Term not exceeding the Term of twenty-one Years) a Sump Duty of one Shilling and

six Pence,

Original Cnnu, tec. of For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be

Lands above too Acres, ingrossed, written, or printed, any such Original Grant, or any such Deed, Mesne Conveyance, or

J ...... other Instrument whatsoever by which any Quantity of Land above one hundred, and not exceed-

ing two hundred Acres, shall begranted, conveyed, or assigned, within such Colonies, Plantations*

and Islands, a Stamp Duty of two Shillings.

Original Grants, &c. of For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Pieceof Paper, on which Audi he

Lands above »oo A< res, ingrossed, written, or printed, any such Original Grant, or any fifth Deed, Mesne Conveyance, or

and not exceeding 320, other Instrument whatsoever, by Which any Quantity of Land'above twt> hundred, and not exceed—

and in proportion for . .... J J ~ <. 7 . « 9

©very other 320 Acres,

in rhe said Places, % s.

6 d. per Sheet.

not exceeding 310, I s.

6d. per Sheet.

priginal Grants, or

Deed*, Mesne Convey-

»nd not exceeding 200,

within the said Places,

2 s. per Sheet.

Original Grants, arc. of

other instrument whatsoever, oy wnion any v£uantity ot i^aiuraDove two nurtures, ana not exceed-

ing three hundred and twenty Acres, shall be granted, conveyed, or assigned, and in proportion

for every such Grant, Deed, Mesne Conveyance, or other Instrument, granting, conveying, or

nffigning, every other three hundred and twenty Acres, within such Colonies, Plantations, and

Islands, a Stamp Duty of two Shillings and six Pence.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum orj’archment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be

~ ~ Deed, Mesne Conveyance, or

exceeding one hundred Acres

, # M British Dominions in America*

a Stamp Duty of three Shillings.

For every Skin of Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be

Lands above 100 Acres, ingrossed, written, or printed, any such Original Grant, or any such Deed, Mesne Conveyance, or

^th^\he7am!TFar»’ ?r"er Instrument whatsoever. by which any Quantity of Land above one hundred, and not exceed-

4$. per sheet. f ing two hundred Acres, shall begranted, conveyed, or assigned, within the same Parts of the said

Dominions, a Stamp Duty of four Shillings.

Original Grants, tec, of For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be

Lands above 200 Acres, jngroffC(^ wrkten, or printed, any such Original Grant, or any such Deed, Mesne Coveyance, or

^d Tn pw^tion 10*°’ ?ther Instrument whatsoever, whereby any Quantity of Land above two hundred, and not exceed-

ing three hundred and twenty Acres, shall be granted, conveyed, or assigned, and in proportion for

every such Grant, Deed, Mesne Conveyance, or other Instrument, granting, conveying, or align-

ing, every other three hundred and twenty Acres, within the same Parts of the said Dominions, a

Stamp Duty of five Shillings.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be

ingrossed, written, or printed, any Grant, Appointment, or Admission, of or to any publick benefi-

puWickhencficl.il office, cial Office or Employment, not herein before charged, above the Value of twenty Pounds per Annum

pbovc^iolChaf Ann ^te.rhng Money in Salary, Fees, and Perquisites, or any Exemplification of the fame, within the

Value,*or Exemplified- British Colonies and Plantations upon the Continent of Atnerica, the Islands belonging thereto, and

tions thereof (Army, the Bermuda and Bahama Islands (except Commissions of Officers of the Army, Navy, Ordnance*

Navy, and jufiicesofthe or Militia, and of Justices of the Peace) a Stamp Duty of fouT Pounds.

Peace excepted) upon the

Continent, or Islands of Bermuda and Bahama, 4I. per Sheet*

For

Original Grants, &c. of

every other 320 Acres

within the said Patti,

5s. per Sheet.

Grant*, Appointments,

or Admission*, to any

