A. D. 1767.

Anno feptimo Georgii III.

C. 23. 295

Place, within the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or Place*

situate between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole in the County of ALiddlesex^ without having first

obtained such Ticket as aforesaid ; that then, and in every such Cafe, the Vender of the said Coals,

being convicted thereof by the Oaths (or being one of the People called Quakers* by Affirmation) of two

or more Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty’s Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City

of London or County of Aliddltfex, and which he and they are hereby respectively authorized and required

to administer and take, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

Xill. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wharfinger, or Dealer in Coals, Dimensions of

shall, at any time or times heieafter, during the Continuance of this Adft, make uie of one or more SackSacks#

or Sack* lor the carrying of Coals within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, or at any Wharf,

‘Warehouse, or Pl.uc, lituate between the 'Power of London and Limehouse Hole in the County of Mid-

dnjex, ol Ids Dimentsions than four Feet in Length, and two Feet in Breadth, being convicted thereof

by the Oaths (or being one of the People called Quakers% by Affirmation) of two or more credible Wit-

iu lies, before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City of London or County of

AhdJltjcxy and which he and they are hereby rdpectively authorized and required to administer and take,

shall, for every Oilence, forfeit at id pay the Sum ot live Pounds.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wharfinger, or Dealer PenaIrr

in Coals, shall directly or indirectly give, or cause to be given, to any labouring Coal Meter within the Wharfinger*

City of London and the Liberties thereof, or at any Wharf, Warehouse, or Place, situate between the JCiCc\cr^°.m^

Tower of London and Limehouse H:le in the County of AJiddlejex, at any time or times hereafter, during

the Continuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward, or Gratuity what-

soever, over and besides the four Pence per Chaldron herein before enacted and allowed for the Charges

of Metage, being convicted thereof by the Oaths (or being one of the People called Quakers^ by Affirm-

ation) oi two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for

the City of London or the County of Middlesex, and which he and they are hereby respectively autho-

rized ai;J required to administer and take, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of

twenty Pounds.

X*V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any labouring Coal Meter shall,an^ on

at any time or times hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, use, or permit or suffer Sacks to be ^Vnt Sackit®^

made use of, for the measuring or carrying of Coals, of less Dimensions than four Feet in Length, and £*c used

two Feet in Breadth, at any Place or Places within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, or at

any W harf, Warehouse, or Place, situate between the 7'ower of London and Limehouse Hole in the

County of Middlejex, being convicted thereof by the Oaths (or being one of the People called Quaker^

determined by Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses before one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the

Peace for the City of London or County of Middlesex, and which he and they arc hereby respectively

authorized and required to administer and take, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of

lo;tv Shillings,

XV I. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any labouring Coal Meter, or 0!hrn*Iie n«t

to be appointed and qualified pursuant to this Act, shall at any time or times hereafter, during the Con- performingthei*

tinuance of this Act, deliver a false or counterfeit Ticket to any Dealer, Consumer, Carman, or other Dufy*

Person, uvffi Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons whatsoever, or (Tall take or receive

from any Dealer in Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward, or Graiuity whatsoever, over and

besides the four Pence per Chaldron herein before enacted ami allowed to be taken for the Metage Charge;

or if any such hhouring Coal Meter shall wilfully make, permit, or suffer to be made, false Measure,. of

Gu!c, at any Place or Places within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, or at any Wharf,

Warehouse, or Place, situate between the 'Power of London and Limehouse Hole in the County of Alid*

c.sUxi being in any or either of th«* said Cafes convicted thereof, by the Oaths (or being one of the People

cahrd ^v. L - x, by Affirmati on) of two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty’a

Cilice* of the Peace for the City of London, or the County of Ahd 'uejcx, and which he and they are

fcsrcbv respectively authorized and required to administer and take, shall, for every Offence in either of

the Lid Cu e>, forfeit and pay the Sum of live Pound*, and be rendered incapable of ever serving there-

k.in trie Office of a Coal Meter.

XV1L Provided always, and ir is hereby declared. That this A& fh.ill not extend to the Owners of E*rrrPnont

ar.y Wmks for r ofing' Water determined by Fire, nor to the Owners of any Coals to be bought, fold, and delivered, with retpert

ami fur Pool Mcaturc, but that they shall and may have one ChaMron of Coals or more, delivered w*t«.r*woik^

un ’er tin: ImpwCt'Oh of ins or their own Aernt (in the Absence of a Meter) and in that Cafe, such Per-

(ns are hjns'V refluctiwly exempted from Payment of any Metage Charge, by virtue of this Ac!; but

i: b i’e/f‘it' f. all icquire the C ue or Attendance of any Meter to be appointed in pursuance of thi*

, a, .1 in such C he, trvy flia'l pav the Metage Charge of four Pence by the Chaldron hereby

L . , o.n.r C< m'u rers of Coj’Is are hereby obliged, or ought to do, in purlu.mce of this Act; any

7 f. : c ffir» m b ?< rv cmp.tined 10 >he contrary hereof no:wichft.iKin?.

XV'lil rvud be i: Part * r rmstM by the Authority aforctaid, '1 ,ut if any such labouring Coal Meter PmuT* v Me*

£. 't fr m and aiffir the said tint D.*y of 'june, one thous.uH teven hundred and fixrv-leven, witting1* or •' 1} ,f-«

v u 1, v un.hr any C<>ds sold as and lor Wharf Mcaiure (‘xcceding the Quantity of fcvtiueea Buf.iehs) ( ; l«,npu«

to be ft * ar.v W'narf or Watchotile within th • said City of L nd 7. and the Liberties tlvrcof, or

firii * •, v V/narf or Waiehoulc fnuat * between the Power of London and Lunch wie Hole in the County

of .!/•/// j-x% without being measured in the Manner herein before directed, and shall not give Iniorma-

tion ukito* to the principal Land Coal Mc;cr, or his Deputies, at the said Office, within two Days next

altar

