42 C. 21, 22. Anno quirito Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

cation of Nauti- and for the said Commissioners to cause such Nautical Almanacks, or other useful Tables, to be con-

cal Almanacks, ftrufted, and to print, publifti, and vend, or cause to be printed, published, and vended, any Nautical

recommended to Almanack or Almanacks, or other useful Table or Tables, which they, or the major Part of them, shall,

the Commission- from time to time, judge necessary and useful, in order to facilitate the Method of discovering the Lon-

ers for the Lon- gitude at Sea; any Law, Statute, exdufive Privilege, private Charter, or other Custom, to the contrary

fetrude. thereof notwithstanding.

None to print, XL And be it enacted by‘the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall print, publish,

publish, or vend or vend, or cause to be printed, published, or vended, any Nautical Almanack or Almanacks, or other

the fjrr.e, but Table or Tables constructed under the Direction of the said Commissioners, without being first licensed

[uch?sfliali bc by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them; and if any Person or Persons not to licensed, or

' not being authorized by the Perfoiwor Persons so licensed by the said Commissioners, shall print, publifti*

or vend, or cause to be printed, published, or vended, any such Nautical Almanack or Almanacks, or

other Table or Tables, every such Person or Persons shall, for every Copy of such Nautical Almanack or

rn^er Penalty of Table so printed, published, or vended, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; to be recovered by

rob for every Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster;

and that one Moiety of such Penalty and Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and

the other Moiety to him or them that shall prosecute, inform, or sue for the same.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be rcifed in Great Britain, for the Sendee of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, together with those named in two former Acts for ap-

pointing Commissioners of the Land Tax; and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as CommUfion-

ers of the Land Tax, by virtue of Estates of or above a certain Value, though the fame was not rated

or afiefled at the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum; and for limiting a Time within which Suits

and Prosecutions shall be commenced, with respect to the Qualifications of Persons who shall act as

Commissioners of the Land Tax. EXP.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the further Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery;

Preamble,re* c TWHEREAS by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of

citing Claufts in 4 VV his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British

Att Geo. *. * White Herring Fishery, his said late Majesty did, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain,

*• *+• 4 incorporate sundry Persons by the Name of The Society of the Free British Fishery, for the Purpose of

4 carrying on and improving the British White Herring Fiftieries: And by the said Act the said Society

4 were impowered, by a voluntary Subscription, to raise the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds* to

4 be their Capital Stock ; and as an Encouragement to such Persons as should become Subscribers thereto,

4 the Sum of three Pounds by the Year, for each hundred Pounds which should be actually employed in

4 the said Fiftierics, and proportionably for any greater or letter Sum, was directed to be paid to the Pro-

4 prietors of the said Stock, for and during the Space of Fourteen Years from the Date of the said Charter,

4 by the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Customs, by equal Half-yearly Payments; provided the said

4 Society should employ the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds at least in the said Fisheries, within

4 the Space of eighteen Months from the Date of such Subscription : And as a further Encouragement to

4 Persons to engage in the said White Herring Fiftieries, a Bounty of thirty Shillings per Ton is, by the

4 said Act, given and made payable in Manner therein mentioned, to the Owner or Owners of all decked f

4 Vessels from twenty to eighty Tons Burthen, which should be built, after the Commencement of the

4 said Act, for the Use of the said Fisheries, whether by the said Society or any other Person or Persons,

4 in Manner, and under the Regulations, and upon such Conditions, as in the said Act are mentioned ;

4 which Bounty was to be paid yearly, during the Space of fourteen Years from the Commencement of

*ii*&Geo.a. 4 the said Act, and no longer: And whereas by another Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the*

c. j4. 4 Reign of his said late Majesty, the said Allowance of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and also the

1 4 said Bounty of thirty Shillings per Ton, granted by the said Acts, for the respective Terms therein

4 mentioned, were continued for the further Term of three Years, to be computed immediately from

4 and after the Expiration of the said respective Terms for which the fame were granted as aforesaid :

A& 3° 4 And whereas by another Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, intituled,

2. c. 30. t jin yfft jor ^Hewing a further Bounty on all Vcfftis employed in ths JVhite Herring Fishery, for giving Liberty

* to alter the present Form and Size of the Nets used in the said Fishery, and for other Purposes therein men-

4 tioned, it is enacted, That the said Bounty of thirty Shillings per Ton, by the said two several Acts

4 granted and continued for the respective Terms of Years therein respectively mentioned, should cease,

4 determine, and be at an End ; and that, in lieu thereof, a Bounty of fifty Shillings per Ton, on all

4 Vessels employed in the said Fiftieries, should be paid and payable for such Term ana Terms of Years,

4 to the said Society, and such other Persons as would have been intitled to the said Bounty of thirty

4 Shillings per Ton, by virtue of or under the said several Acts herein before recited, in case the said Act 1

4 Lad not been made ; and that such Bounty of fifty Shillings per Ton should be paid and payable at such

* Times, and in such Manner, and by such Person and Persons, and out of such Monies, as the said Bounrv

7 ‘ ci

