The TITLE S of

the County of Loictjltr* and all the Lands and Grounds

within the same Fields.

108. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paf-

tures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in

the Parish of Felmerjham, in the County of Bedford,

109. An Act for veiling divers Manors, Lands, and Here-

ditaments, in the Counties of York* Cumberland* Nor-

thumberland* and Durham, late the Estate-of Henry Earl

of CariijU, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed

of, in and for the Payment of his Debts, Legacies,

and Incumbrances, and other the Purposes in his Will

mentioned.

110. An Act to enable John Lord Bellew* Baron of Duleek,

in the Kingdom of Ireland* more effectually to exercise

his Power, to raise certain Sums therein mentioned, out

of his settled Estates in the said Kingdom, for the Por-

tions of younger Children.

111. An Act for Veiling the Estate late of Peter Wyche

Esquire, at Goadby* alias Godeby Marwood* in the County

of Ltice/ler, in Trull, to be conveyed to the Mod Noble

John Marquis of Granby, or as he shall appoint; and

for applying the Purchase Money in Manner and for

the Purposes therein mentioned.

112. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common

Fields, Common Pallures, Common Meadows, Common

Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor

or Manors, and Parish of Syrejham* otherwise Sifeham, in

the County of Northampton.

113. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common

Fields and Walle Ground, in the Parish of Braitbtvell,

in the County of York.

114. An Act to enable Jeremiah Payment the younger Ef-

quire, and his IlTue, to take and use the Surname and

Arms of Hadjley* pursuant to the Will of Robert Hadjley

Esquire, deceased.

lie. An Act for naturalizing Henry de Mijfey* and Gabriel

Le Royer.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 6 Georgii III.

I. AN Ad to continue an Act made in the last Session

/V of Parliament, intituled. An Act for Importation of

Salted Beef Porky Bacon, and Butter* from Ireland, for

a limited Time.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty

certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred

and sixty-six.

3. An Act for allowing the Importation of Corn and

Grain, from his Majesty’s Colonies in America, into this

Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

4. An Act for allowing the Importation of Oats and Oat-

meal into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, Duty-free.

5. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Grain,

Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, for a

limited Time.

6. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act made

in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy and

speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of

Black heath* of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokejlcy other-

wife Ruxley* and of Little and LejJ'nefs* in the County

of Kent* to the Hundred of Wallington in the County of

Surrey.

7. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments ; and

to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants,

the STATUTES.

and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted

to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the

Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for

those Purposes ; and to indemnify Members and Officers

in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whofis

Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according

to the several Acts of Parliament now in Force for that

Purpose, or, having been stamped, have been loft or

mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admis-

fions duly stamped.

8. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion ; and sots

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

9. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six.

10. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore.

11. An Act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled. An Act for granting and applying

certain Stamp Duties* and ether Duties, in the Britishr

Colonies and Plantations in America, towards further de*

fraying the Expences of defending* trotefting, and securing

the fame ; and for amending such Paris of the several Acts

of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the

said Colonies and Plantations, as dir eft the Manner of de-

termining and recovering the Penalties and Forfeiture*

therein mentioned.

11. An Act for the better securing the Dependency of hi*

Majesty’s Dominions in America upon the Crown and-

Parliament of Great Britain.

13. An Act to remove a Doubt concerning such Part of

an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates

to the ascertaining of the Duties upon the Importation

of certain Linen Cloth of the Manufacture of RuJ/ta

and to obviate all Doubts with respect to the Impor-

tation of Tea, under certain Licences authorized to be*

granted by an Act made in the eighteenth Year of the

Reign of his late Majesty.

14. An Act for repealing the Duties granted uponCyder.

and Perry by an Act made in the third Year of his pre-

sent Majesty’s Reign, and for granting other- Duties

on Cyder and Perry in lieu thereof; and for more effec-

tually securing the Duties on Cyder and Perry imposed

by several former Acts.

15. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans

or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and sixty-six.

16. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of

Small Debts within the City of Bath* and the Liberties

and Precisds thereof.

17. An Act for explaining and amending so much of an

Ad made in the first Year of the Reign of King James

the Second, intituled. An additional Act for the improve«■

ment of Tillage* as relates to the City of London.

18. An Act t6 amend and render more effectual, in his

Majesty’s Dominions in America* an Act parted in this

present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for

punishing Mutiny and Desertion* and for the better Payment

of the Army and their Quarters.

19. An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the

Trade and Manufacture of Leather Gloves and Mitts in

this Kingdom.

2c. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of

Small Debts within the Borough of Derby* and the

Liberties thereof.

21. An Act for redeeming one third Part of the Remain-

der of the Joint Stock of Annuities, established by an

Ad made in the third Year of his present Majesty’s

Reign,

