148 c.

Anno sexto Georgii III.

A. D. 1766.

Thi> Afl fall

extend to all

2, 3*

applied, in such Manner as the other Penalties inflicted by this Act are directed to be recovered, paid,

and applied.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and all the Penalties and

Clauses therein contained, shall extend to all Woollen Cloth which shall be made and milled in the Weft

WooilfnCloths, Riding of the County of York\ except such Narrow Woollen Cloths as are mentioned and described, and

row cloths zs*r" which Provision is made in and by one Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his said late Ma-

arc del crib-id in jesty King George the Second, intituled, 4 An Act for the better regulating of Narrow Woollen Cloths in

A cl 11 Geo. a. 4 the Weft Riding of the County of York*

Application of * XX VIII. And whereas there is now in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Weft Riding of the County

Momy now in 1 of York a considerable Sum of Money, which hath arisen by and out of the Duties granted by the said

the Hands of the 4 former Acts for the Stamping and Measuring of Cloth Now it is hereby further enacted by the Autho-

Treasurer of the j-jty aforesaid. That the said Treasurer of the said Weft Riding for the time being, shall, out of the Money

Weil Riding, remaining in his Hands, and which shall hereafter be received by him on account of the Duties herein be-

fore directed to be paid to such Treasurer as aforesaid, in the first Place, pay the Charges and Expences

attending the passing this Act, and shall afterwards pay and apply the said Duties and Penalties, as the fame

shall come in and be received, to the Payment of the Salaries of the Searchers or Meafurers, Inspectors and

Supervisors of Cloth, herein before directed to be chosen and appointed as aforesaid, in such Proportions,

and in such Manner, as the Justices of the Peace of and for the said Riding, at their General Quarter Sef-

(ions yearly to be held next after Easter, shall direct and appoint.

When Justices XXIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That after all the Money to be

expended in and about the obtaining this Act, shall be totally paid off and discharged, it shall and maybe

J A lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said Weft Riding, at their General Quarter Sessionsheld

next after Easter, yearly, to make Orders for the increasing or diminishing the Rates or Duties to be paid

for Measuring, Stamping, and Sealing of Cloth, so as the fame shall never exceed six Pence for every such

Whole Cloth, and three Pence for every such End or Half Cloth as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall be

commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any thing done or to be done in pursuance of

this Act, every such Suit or Action shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Fast

committed, and not afterwards ; and shall be laid, brought, and tried, in the County of York, and not else-

where ; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Suits or Actions shall and may plead the General Issue,

and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and that the

fame was done in pursuance of, and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to be so done,

or if any such Suit or Action shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall

be brought in any other County or Place ; that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants :

And upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs mall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or

their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared ; or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement

shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover

Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for

Costs in other Cafes by Law.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That this Act shall be deemed, and taken to be,

a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are to take Notice thereof as such, in all Courts

and Places whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

dmiinUh the

Rates.

Limitation of

Actions.

General Issue,

Treble Coflt.

Publick ACU

Anno sexto GEORGII III.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the nineteenth Day of May, Anno Dom. 1761,

in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace cf

God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender' of the Faith, 6V. and from

4 thence continued by several Prorogations to the seventeenth Day of December, 1765- being the fifth

4 Session of the twelfth Parliament of Great BritainI j

CAP. I.

fce^Cie. 3-c. 1. An Act to continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An At1 for Importation of i

iot'41.3. 1. Salted Beef) Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time. EXP. ]

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for

the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six. EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act for allowing the Importation of Corn and Grain, from his Majesty’s Colonies in America, into this

Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty. EXP.

CAP.

