90 C. 40. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.T). 176$*.

to the Sinking thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, which were granted in respect of certain Navy, Victualling, gand

Pond the An- Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, delivered in and cancelled pursuant to an Act of the third

?°ref*ea of ^car ^ of his present Majesty ; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred

KivjflndVic- forty-nine thousand six hundred sixty rounds four Shillings and ten Pence, to make good the Deficiency

turning Bills, of the Grants for the Service of rhe Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four.

Sec. cincellrd';

249,660 1. 4 s. 10 d. to make gooi the Deficiency of the Grants for the last Year.

other Ufa.

Rules to be ob-

served in the

Application of

the Half pay.

These Aids to XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and Supplies

be^ppHed to no provided as aforesaid, {ball not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other than

the Ulcs and Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies, or other Payments directed to he

satisfied thereout by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any

other Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XXVIII. And, as to the said Sum of one hundred thirty-five thousand six hundred six Pounds twelve

Shillings and fix Po*nce, by this Act appropriated on account of Half-pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted

and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed, shall be duly observed in

the Application of the said Half-pay 5 that is to say. That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the

fame, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years at the time when the Regiment, Troop, or

Company, in which he served was reduced 3 that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the fame,

except such Person who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop, or Company 3 that no Person having

any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part

of th« said Half-pay 3 that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in

Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said Half-pay ; that no Person shall have or

receive any Part of the fame, who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since 5 that

no Part of the fame shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to

such Persons as would have been otherwise intitled to the fame as reduced Officers 3 and that no Part of the

fame shall be allowed,to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of

Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Eflablishment of Half-pay in

Great Britain.

4 XXIX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign,

Clauses mAft 4 « intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills ; and for applying certain

to. .c.23. t Monies remaining in the Excheauer. for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and six tv-four r

Rules to be ob-

fervrd in the

AppHcatidi of

thr Surplus cf

Reel til of

‘es; and for further appropriating the Supp w

Jons ivho have omitted to insert in Indentures, or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks y

4 Apprentices, and other Servants 3 the several Supplies which had been granted to his present Majesty, as

4 is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed 3 amongst

4 which, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty thousand one hundred and eighty-eight

* Pounds and eighteen Shillings, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty*®

4 Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, and any Sum or

4 Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred and twenty-five thousand four hundred and fifty-five Pounds

4 and thirteen Shillings, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land

4 Forces reduced and disbanded in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and such as were

4 to be reduced and disbanded for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four; subject nevertheless

4 to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said Half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid Act were

4 prescribed in that Behalf:’ Now it is hereby provided, enacted, and declared, by the Authority aforesaid.

That so much of the said Sums of thirty thousand one hundred and eighty-eight Pounds and eighteen

Shillings; and one hundred and twenty-five thousand four hdhdred and hfty-five Pounds and thirteen

Shillings, as are or shall be more than sufficient*o satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules

several Sums of prescribed by the said Act to be observed in the Application thereof, or. any Part of such Overplus, shall

:gs* and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or have lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or fuefy

i-js 4a5’r«5-nl or^ers as> bY reason of their long Service, or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of

aic-i irw'764 to Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under

the Paymnt of his Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; any thing in this Act or the said former

xcduced Officers. Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 XXX. And whereas by an Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second, certain Duties were laid upon Offices and Employments; and the Monies thereby

arising in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, were directed to be paid at Edinburgh, to such Per-

son or Persons as the Com mi Alone rs of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain for the

time being, should constitute and appoint to be Receiver-general, or Receivers thereof, for his Majesty’s

Use; but no Provision hath been made, Qr Authority given, for allowing any Compensation, or grant-

ing any Reward, to such Receiver or Receivers, for his or their Trouble in the receiving the said

Monies, and in the paying and accounting for the fame;’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority

aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for such Receiver or Receivers, to retain out of the Monies

ccs and Employ- which have been and shall be paid into his or their Hands in pursuance of the said Act, such Sum, as a

C rnpensation or Reward for his or their Trouble, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall appoint,

rctam ' r.n.he not exceeding three Pence in the Pound.

Pound of the Monies received by him. Further Time allowed till 25 Dec, 1770, to make and file Affidavits of Clerkship, &c. omitted tabc done indi*

Time, by Scat. 10 Geo. 3. c. 42,

7 CAP.

Receiver of the

Duties on Oth-

