A.D. 1766.

Anno (exto Georgii III.

C. 50. 267

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if such Sugars or Goods shall not be

either exported, or the full Duties paid for the fame, within twelve Calendar Months from the Importation

thereof, but shall then continue and be (till remaining in the said Warehouses; in such Cafe, it shall and

may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs for the time being, or any three or more of them,

to cause the said Sugars, or other Goods, so remaining, to be publickly sold by Auction, or Inch of Candle,

to the best Bidder; and the Money arising by such Sale, to be applied first in Discharge of the Duties, and

Expences of such Sales ; and the Overplus, if any, to be paid to the Importer or Proprietor of such Sugars

or Goods, or other Persons authorized to receive the fam£.

Duties sod

If they Anil be

neither exported,

nnr the lull

Duties paid

within a Year,

CufHm house

may fe»l the

fa-r e ; and apply

the Monies in

Discharge of the

Charge.

XXIV. And for the better and more effectual preventing the Importation of Foreign Sugars into this

Kingdom, from the said Island of Dominica, under Pretence that the fame are the Growth and Produce of

thatIfland ; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of Nzvem- Foreign Su*ir*

her, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-ftven, all Foreign Sugars which shall be imported into the said '«*pcf«d into

Island of Dominica, shall, upon landing, be immediately deposited in Warehouses, provided at the foie Ex- Wjrnc^.j!° 8

pence of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, with the Privity and Approbation, and under the Care and r c

Inspection of the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs, at the Port where such Sugars shall

be landed, and shall be there secured, under the separate Locks of such Officer and the Proprietor, till the

fame shall be shipped for Re-exportation; and before such Sugars are delivered out for Exportation to *nd bcf°rc l>c'n 5

Great Britain, every Cask shall be marked, in such Manner as the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs

in England shall think proper to direct, to denote that such Sugars are Foreign, and have been warehoused : qt?c][ jirj°"jn*t®

And if any Foreign Sugars shall, after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty- be marked, by

seven, be landed in the said Island of Dominica without being so warehoused, or shall be shipped for Ex- theCuflom-

portation to Great Britain without being marked in the Manner before directed, the fame shall be forfeited; hou£e Oiiicen;

and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs, and prosecuted as herein after is directed. thertof^

XXV. And it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Duty of Gunpowder penalty on

nor any Fee or Reward whatsoever shall be demanded, taken, or received, by any Officer or Officers officers erasing

whatsoever, in the said Islands of Dominica and Jamaica, for any Entry, Croquet* Clearance, or Passport, or taking Fm*

of or for any Foreign Ship or VeflTcl; or for any Goods imported into, or exported from, the said Islands,

in such Foreign Ship or Vessel, in pursuance of this Act 5 under the like Pains and Penalties as are inflicted

upon Officers exacting and receiving greater Fees than are allowed by an Act made in the last Session of

Parliament, for more effectually securing and encouraging the Trade or his Majesty’s American Dominions,

and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted Recovery and

by this Act, which shall be incurred in America, shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and Application of

divided there, in the same Manner and Form, by the same Rules and Regulations, in all Respects, as any a?d

other Forfeitures or Penalties inflicted by any other Act of Parliament for Offences against the Laws re-

bting to the Customs or Trade of his Majesty’s Colonies, may, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in

Force, be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That this Act shall continue in Force to the Act tocontim*

first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and from thence to the End of the in Force to

then next Session of Parliament. 1 No?. 1773.

CAP. L.

An Act for allowing the Conveyance, from the Ports of Southampton and Pertfmcutb to the

Pore of Cowes, in die Isle of Wight, of Goods not liable to Duty on Exportation, or pro-

hibited to be exported, and of Sheep and Cattle, between the said Ports, without Coquets

being taken, or Bonds entered into for that Purpose; and for extending an Act made in the

twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for taking Affidavits in the

Country, to be made use of in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer,

to the lfle ot Man; and for appointing Ports and Places for shipping and landing Goods in

the said Island.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles 13 & I4 c,tr. a.

the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuja in his Majeshf s Customs, r. 11.

* and other Laws now in Force, no Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, can be shipped or put on board to.

4 he carricJ forth to the open Sea, from any Port, Creek, or Member in Great Britain, to be landed at any

4 other Plice in this Realm, without a Sufferance or Warrant from the Officers of the Customs, and a Coc-

4 quet taken out for such Goods, and a Bond entered into for the due Delivery and Lhicharge thereof: And

4 whereas the taking out such Croquets, and entering into such Bonds, for Goods that are not prohibited

4 to be exported, nor liable to any Duties upon Exportation, which are flnpptd at the Ports of Scuthamp-

4 ton and rortfmouth to be carried to the Isle of Wight, and for live Cattle lent to and from the said iflan i,

4 is attended with great Trouble and Expence t * the Inhabitants of the said Bland, anJ the Farmers an I

4 Graziers in the County of SouthamptonTherefore, to remedy this Inconvenience for the future, may ;C

please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and i*.e it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

Mm2 and

