A.D. 1770.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

C. 26.

743

paid, and for which aDiftrefs shall be so taken as aforesaid, as also for his or their renfinable Charge in the

taking and keeping such Distress, rendering to the Person or Persons in whose Possession such Goods or

Merchandizes fodistrained shall be, the Overplus, if any there shall be ; or the said Trustees for the Time

hein£, or any Five or more of them, shall and may be able, and are hereby impowered to sue for and recover

the said Duties, by an Action of Debt in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVeJhmnJlcr, together

with their full Colts of Suit ; in which Action no Elloin, Protection, or W ager of Law, or more than One

Imparlance, shall be allowed,

V. And be it furthe

fence of the Collector 1

for the Lord or Lady,----- j -0 tl

tin ier his or her Hand and Seal, to nominate and appoint any other Person to be Collector or Receiver of Lord oi the

the said Duties ; and such Person so nominated and appointed, shall be, and continue to be the Collector Manor,

or Receiver of the said Duties until the next General Meeting of jthe said Trustees, to be held after the

nominating and appointing such Collector or Receiver as aforesaid, and until some other Person or

Persons shall be nominated and appointed to be the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers in his

Place and Room. \

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of Expences of thi*

them, shall, and are hereby au horifed and impowered, out of the fii ft Monies to be by them received by A& * P3‘d

virtue of or under this pVelentor any of the said former Acts, to pay and discharge all such Expences as (halllhc lruflccf»

be incurred by reason or on account of or in passing this present Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for who »reto

the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of th m>, and they are hereby impowered to mortgage or assign over Tolls for fecunng

the said Duties, or any Part thereof, to the said Henry Fownes Luttrdly his Executors^, Administ.ators, or roj|e e tc we*

AfHgns, for all or any Part of the present Term, and of the Term hereby granted, as a Security for the said . '

Sum of Nine thousand five hundred and sixty Pounds, Eighteen Shillings and Ten-pence halfpenny, and

the Interest that shall accrue due thereon : And if there (hull be Occali m for any. further Sum or Sums of ard

Aloney, the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, if they ta ^ ^o^ei.

think needful, borrow and take up such Sum' or Sums at Interest, not exceeding the Sum of Five thousand

Pounds in the Whole, for the Purposes of the said A &s, or any of them ; which said Sum and Sums of

Money so to be borrowed, shall be laid out and applied for the securine, preserving, and amending the said

Pier and Harbour of Mineheady and other the Purposes of this Act, so tar as the fame relate thereto, and to

and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Persons to whom any Security

Mortgage or Assignment shall be made, or who shall be imitled to the Money thereby secured, may, and is1* transient*

and are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, to transferor assign over such Security or Securities, and

all the Monies that shall be doe thereon, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, by an indorsement on the*

Back of such Security 5 and such Transfer and Assignment shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, or their

Executors, Administrators, and Assignsr to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon ; and such Assignee

mav, in like Manner, assign or transfer the fame again, and so tot'us quo ties ; and it shall not be in the Power

of such Persons who shall have made such Assignments respectively, to make void, release, or discharge the

original Security, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof. v

DC. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Warrant, Order, Appointment, Information, Odm, «rr. nn*

Judgement, Mortgage, Assignment, or other Writing or Writings whatsoever, under the Hands and Seals Vuh> tg

of, or only signed by any Trustee or Trustees for putting this Act* or any of the former Acts into Exectt- UuUtt#*

tion, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or any of them, commenced or in

Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby vested in such Trustee or Trustees, or Justice or Juf-

ticcs of the Peace, or any of them, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatsoever.'

. X. And, for preventing of any Fraud in the Payment of the Duties aforesaid, be it enacted by the Autho- perfon8 nf.

rity aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to carry or convey, or shall not carry or bringmgVne

convey all ihe Wool imported into the said Port or Harbour, to the Common Town Hall of Minebead afore- wool t > to*

said, to be weighed there according to the Directions of the said several recited Acts, and of this Act, orTown Hali 10^

shall neg’ed or rcTufe to £>ay any of the Tolls or Duties aforesaid by them payable ; or if any Master, or *c,nhea*

other Person having the Command or Direction of any Ship, Hoy, Barque, or other Vessel, shall depart

from, or leave the said Harbour with such Ship, Hoy, Barque, or other Vessel, without having first paid

the Tolls and Duties aforesaid, and also the ancient and customary Duties and Acknowledgements due and {

accustomed to be paid to the Lord or Lady of the said Manor of Minebead for the Time being, by him pay-

able for or in respect of such Ship, Hoy, Baraue or other Vcfl'el, or for or in respe# of any Goods or Mer-

chandizes on hoard of, or imported in such Ship, Hoy* Barque, or other Vessel; every Person or Persons

so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds ; One Moiety thereof to the Ufet0 sU

of any Person who shall sue for the same ; and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the- said Trustees, to

be by the n applied to the same Uses as the Duties and Acknowledgments aforesaid ; which laid Penalty;

together with full Coftsof Suit, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty'sfo ber

Courts of Record, in which Action no Efl'oin* Wager of Law, Protection, or more than One Imparlance,^*

shall be allowed*.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That if any Person or Persons shall hereafter perf.,n mr!ri^

melt, or cause to be melted, any Pitch or Tar, on Board any Ship, Hoy* Barque, or other Veil'd, within Hiub, tec. in

the said Port, Key, Harbour, and Pier of Mineheady or shall drop, or cause to be dropped, afiy Anchor orthe Ha,Lou

Anchors without a Buoy thereto, within the Run of Ships or Vessels coming into or out of the fa»d Har- ^dro^p.Tg A

hour j or if any Person or Persons shall neglect or'refuse* after Notice given to him or them by the Water V°r

% Bailif

r reroverri

determined by Actiuii of

uoy,

