A.D. 1767.

427

Anno septimo Georgii III. C. 56.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for taking off the Inland Duty of one Shilling Pound Weight upon all Black and Forit)er Aflt

Singlo Teas consumed in Great Britain; and for granting a Drawback upon the Exporta- '°Gc°- i. c. »o.

tion of Teas to Ireland., and the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, upon ";fe0‘, c‘3#"

such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company, as is therein 4°c0-

mentioned; for permitting the Exportation of Teas in smaller Quantities than one Lot toc. 14.

Ireland, or the said Dominions in America; and for preventing Teas seized and condemned

from being consumed in Great Britain. 8 Geo.Yc.15l

T r HEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- Fumble, r«:t»

jelly King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repealing the Inland Duty of four Sbil- np CUules in

lings per Pound freight upon all Tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majesty certain other Inland Act 18 Geo.

4 Duties in Lieu thereof; and for better securing the Duty upon Tea, and other Duties of Excise; and for pur- c* *6,

4 Juing Offenders out of one County into another; an Inland Duty of one Shilling per Pound Weight Avoir-

dupois, and in that Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, was impofbd and charged upon all Tea

4 to be sold in Great Britain; and also a further Duty of twenty-five Pounds for every one hundred Pounds

4 of the gross Price at which such Teas should be sola at the publick Sales of the United Company of Mer-

4 chants of England trading to the East Indies, and proportionably for a greater or lesser Sum* which Du-

4 ties were to commence from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty-five

4 over and above all Customs, Subsidies, and Duties, payable to his Majesty for the fame, upon Importa-

4 tion thereof; to be paid in Manner as in the said Act is directed: And whereas by an Act of Parliament

4 made in the twenty-first Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, Tea was allowed to be exported from this Goa

4 Kingdom to Ireland, and his Majesty’s Plantations in America, without Payment of the said Inland Duties: C°*

4 And whereas the taking off the said Inland Duty of one Shilling per Pound Weight upon Black and Sin-

4 glo Teas, granted by the said Act, and the allowing, upon the Exportation of all Teas which shall be

4 exported to Ireland and his Majesty’s Plantations in America, the Whole of the Duty paid upon the Im-

4 portation thereof into this Kingdom, appear to be the most probable and expedient Means of extending

the Consumption of Teas legally imported within this Kingdom, and of encreasing the Exportation of

4 Teas to Ireland, and to his Majesty’s Plantations in America, which are now chiefly furnished by Fo-

4 reigners in a Course of illicit Trade: And whereas the United Company of Merchants of England trad-

4 ing to the East Indies are willing and desirous to indemnify the Publick, in such Manner as is herein after

4 provided, with respect to any Dimunition of the Revenue which {hall or may happen from this Experi-

mentWe, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

assembled, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted

by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and The kitand

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That °fx * Per

for and during the Space of five Yeais, to be computed from the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven Jj°d

hundred and sixty-seven, the said Inland Duty of one Shilling per Pound Weight upon Teas, shall not be Term of 5Years,

paid for or in respect of any Bohea, Congo, Souchong, or Pekoe Teas, commonly called Black Teasi or upon ail Black

any Teas known by the Denomination of Singlo Tcasy which shall be cleared for Consumption within Greator Singlo Teas

Britain, out of Warehouses of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or^l,'arcd tor9on*

their Successors; but that all such Teas so to be cleared, whether the fame have been already, or shall be G^B^itlin,0

hereafter, sold by the said Company, or their Successors, shall be and are hereby freed and discharged, oljtof the Com,

during the said Term, from the said Inland Duty. pany’s Ware-

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and during the like Space of hou,es>

five Years, to be computed from the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred 2nd sixty-seven, there

shall be drawn back and allowed for all Teas exported from this Kingdom as Merchandize to Ireland, or °bicon°impoPrta*

any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the whole Duties of Customs payable upon the Im- tion, to be drawn

portation of such Teas; which Drawback or Allowance, with respect to such Teas as shall be exported to b-ck upon all

Jrelandy shall be made to the Exporter in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Securities, Teas cxP)r,*d

Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Drawback or Allowance is now payable out of the Duty of Customs upon ” or'tht

the Exportation of foreign Goods to Ireland; and with respect to such Teas as shall be exported to the Bri- BritTlh Colonic*

tish Colonies and Plantations in America, the said Drawback or Allowance shall be made in such Manner, in Amer.cu.

and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Drawback or Allowance payable out

of the Duty of Customs upon Foreign Goods exported to Foreign Parts, was, could, or might be made be-

fore the passing of this Act (except in such Cafes as are otherwise provided for by this Act).

III. Provided aways, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Drawback allowed by Jhe said Draw,

this Act shall not be paid or allowed for any Teas which shall not be exported dirediy from the Warehouse ^‘l

or Warehouses wherein the fame shall be lodged, pursuant to the Directions of an Act made in the tenth only a» shall be

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First. , exported directly

from the WarehousL'S where lodgrd, pursuant to A<\ 10 Geo. I«

IV. And, for making good any Diminution which may happen in the Revenues of Customs and Excise

by the Discontinuance of the said Duty, and the Allowance of the said Drawback, during the Term afore-

said; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the first Day of September, one thousand

seven hundred and sixty-eight, and on or before the first Day of September in each of the four fiiccx?edirg "^ccounts«,

3 1-----3 L z Year*,

