A. D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. C» 20, 21. 547'

"bound and obliged by Law and ancient Usage to repair any such Shire Hall, County 'Hall, or other Law and ancient

Buildings for the holding the Aifizes or Great Sessions, or to hirnifh the fame with Benches, Tables, to repair,

Rails, or other Fixtures, and to keep the fame in Repair, shall for ever hereafter be bound and obliged to sJ,[^Haijan|fr

repair the fame, and to furnish the fame with Benches, Tables, Rails, and other Fixtures, and to keepare ftin bouod ti

the fame in Repair ; any thing in this A ft to the contrary notwithstanding. # do the fame.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any ASion, Plaint, Suit, or Infor-

mation, shall bexommenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for what he or they shall do in

Pursuance or in Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons so sued in any Court whatsoever shall and

may plead the General ItTue, Not guilty, and upon any Issue joined may give this Act and the Special General lflae.

Matter in Evidence ; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuit, or forbear further rrofe-

cution, or suffer a Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him, the Defendants shall recover their

Treble Costs, for -which they shall have the like Remedy as in any Cafe when Costs by the Law are given TrcblcCo*s*

to Defendants.

CAP. XXI#

An Act for The more effectual paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes,

Alleys, and publick Passages, in the Town of Gainsburgh, in the County of Lincoln ; and

for laying a Duty on all Coals brought to the said Town to be sold, and for applying the

fame to such Purposes.

^ \X7 HE REAS the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and publick Passages, in the Town of Gainsburgh, in theP*®^*

* VV County of Lincoln, are at present very ill paved, and much incommoded with Dirt and Soil, and

4 it would tend to the Safety and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of all Persons

4 retorting thereto, if the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages, were properly paved, cleaned, lighted,

4 and watched, and kept free from Incroachments and Annoyances : And whereas by an Act of rarlia-

4 mem made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, Aai4Ceo II.

* An Act forfinishing and compleating the Parish Church of Gainsburgh, in the County 0/Lincoln, a Duty c. 15.

4 was laid upon a 1 Coals brought to the Town of Gainsburgh aforesaid 10 be folJ, and such Coals wercre-

4 quired to be sold by Standard Measure, or by Weight only, under the Inspection of proper Officers ;

* which Provisions were found by Experience to be very beneficial to the Buyers of Coals, hotwich (landing

4 the Duty Lid thereupon ; but the rurnofes to which the said Duty was made applicable having been ac-

4 complished, the Powers by the said Act obtained, for compelling the Sellers of Coals to deliver the fame

4 by Standard Meafureor Weight, have ceased, and for want thereof the Buyers are liable to be greatly dc-

4 frauded in the Measure or Quantity of their Coals delivered, and there is Reason to believe that great

4 Frauds are daily practised therein | and it would therefore be a public Advantage if proper Powers were

< given for the due mcafuring or weighing of all Coals brought to the said Town for Sale, and for laying

* a Duty thereupon, to defray the Expcuce of such mcafuring or weighing, and of collecting such Duty,

4 and for appropriating the Surplus thereof towards the more effectua! paving, repairing, cleansing, light—

4 ing, and watching, the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and publick Passages, within the Town of Gainsburgh

4 aforesaid : May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and* be it enacted by the King’s

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sir NtvilGeirgeTvifct& Nune*.

Hickman Baronet, and the Lord of the Manor of Gainsburgh for the Time being, Thomas JVoodhafe, Jo-

Jrfh Hunt, William Hornby, Burden IVi * , Mathew JVi Hon, John Nettlcfbit), Martin Brumby, Nathaniel

G room bridge, Jofrpb Pot Ur, Joseph Dickenson, William Hall, and Henry r.tncringhn, and their Succcilors,

to becledted as after mentioned, and also all resident Inhabitants of the said Town rated there to the Lnnd

Tax for Twenty Pounds per Annum of their own Ellate, or in the Right of their Wives, shall be Truibes

for putting this Act into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or Meet ing.

snore of them, shall meet for putting this Act in Execution at the common Vestry Room in Gainsburgh

aforesaid on the last Monday in the Month of May, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, or at

such other convenient Time and Place as the major Parc of the Thirteen Traders herein before named ci rk to be

shall appoint; and that any Five or more of the said Trustees, being the major Part of the Trailers choion.

assembled at such or any other subsequent Meeting, dial! and may, by Writing under their Hands and-

Seals, choose and appoint One or more fit Person or Persons to be their Clerk or Clerks to keep a Re-

gillcr of all their Orders and Proceedings, and for o.hcr the Purposes herein after mentioned ; and (hall’

and may remove such Clerk or Clerks, and appoint a new One or new Ones in hi* or their Pl/.ce, from

Time to Time; which Orders and Proceedings shall be fairly entered in a Book or Books to he kept for°r<i‘,r* *m]rJrn-

that Purpose, and signed by such Clerk or Clerks ; and such Book and Books so signed shall and may

fiven and admitted in Evidence in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, and (h ill not be required toen.Cr^prf, tr

e stampt ; and that any Five or more of the said Trustees, being the major Part of the Trustees present Do ks, jj.j t t..-

at such or any other Meeting to be held for the Execution of this Act, shall and may adjourn them tel ves tocJ-

4 A 2 such

