to8 C. 44* Anno quinto Georgii III. A. D. 1765.

* ticularly mentioned and set forth in the first Schedule to the said last: mentioned Act annexed; and also

4 all Contrails and Agreements made by or for or on the Behalf of the said Royal African Company, with

4 any of the Kings, Princes, or Natives, of any of the Countries or Places of the said Coasts; and all

4 other the Property, Tflate, and Effects whatsoever, of the said Royal African Company (except as in

4 the said last mentioned Ait is excepted) were fully and absolutely vetted in the Corporation called and

4 known by the Name of The Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and their Successors, to the Intent

% and Purpose that the said Forts, Settlements, and Premisses, should be employed at all Times thereafter

M<!Aa4 x only for the Protection, Encouragement, and Defence of the said Trade: And whereas by another Act

tCco. 3. c. 20. 4 made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled. An Act for vejiing ihe Fort tf Senegal, and its Dependen-

* ciesy in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa ; the Fort of Senegaly and its Dependencies, w«re also

4 vetted in the said Company of Merchants, to be employed in the same Manner, and under the fame

4 Regulations, and subject/to the fame Provisions, as the other Forts and Settlements on the Coast of

x Africa were vetted in the fin’d Company, and subject to, by virtue of the hefore-mentioned Act made

4 in the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty’s Reign: And forasmuch as the good Purposes proposed

4 by the several before-recited Acts of securing, improving, and-extending, for the Benefit of all his Majesty’*

4 Subjects, the Trade to and from Africa might be more effectually and compleatly provided for, if the

% said Fort of Senegal and its Dependencies, together with such other of the British Forts and Settlements

4 upon the Coast of Africa as lie Northward of the Cape commonly called Cape Rougey were vetted in his

4 Majesty, his Heirs and Successors ;’ be it therefore enacted determined by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembted, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act made in the laftSelEon of

Repeal of the Parliament, intituled, 1 An Act for vetting the Fort of Senegaly and its Dependencies, in the Company

Aa of 4 Geo, 3.4 of Merchants trading to Africa ,’ shall, except so much thereof as authorizes the Committee of the Com-

except*10thc pany of Merchants trading to Africay to deduct annually out of the Monies they shall receive, a further

tilmof AooLbv Sum, not exceeding four hundred Pounds, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, from and after

the Committee7 the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, be, and it is hereby repealed.

of the African Compiny.

African Com- II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from land after the said twenty-fourth

pany diverted of Day of June, the said Company of Merchants trading to Africa shall be, and they are hereby absolutely

Tctl^tori«tSana diverted of all and every the Forts, Lands, Cattles, Settlements, and Factories, on the Coast of Africay

Ffortes'on the beginning at the Port of Sallee in South Barbary, and extending from thence to Cape Rouge mclusive, and

African Coast, all other the Regions, Countries, Dominions, Territories, Continents, Coasts, Ports, Bays, Rivers, and

fron the Port of Places, lying ana being within the aforesaid Limits, and the Islands near adjoining to those Coasts, and

Sallee to Cape comprehended within the said Limits, and all other the Property, Estate, fcntt Efrefts Whatsoever, which

Rouge, &c. ^ virtue of the said Acts severally made in the twenty-third and twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his

and the fame, late Majesty, or either of them, are noW veiled in the said Company of Merchants trading' to Africa; and

together with all that from ancj after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, as well the said Fort of Senegal and its Depen-

°Mtvamt F dencicsy as other the Forts, Lands, Cattles, Settlements, and Factories, on the Coast of Africay begin-

of'the Company ning at the Port of Sallee in South Barbary, and extending fpOm thence to Cape Rouge inclusive; and all

porrefled within other the Property, Estate, and Effects whatsoever, possessed determined by the said Company of Merchants within

the said Limits, the Limits aforesaid, or claimed by them in respect to such their Possessions within the said Limits, be, and

are verted in the are hereby, fully and absolutely veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

Revocation of > HE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all the Powers, Privileges, and Au-

thf Powers and

Privileges grant

ed to the Afri-

can Company j

and the Trade to

Africa declared

4«pen to all his

M. jetty's Sub-

together with

the Forts and

Warehouse*,&c.

hereby veiled in

the Crown.

Committee*#

Officers or Ser-

vants not to ex-

port Negroer on

their own Ac-

count, on Penal-

ty if lAinijliijn,

thorities whatsoever, granted to the said Company of Merchants by either of the said Acts made in the

twenty-third and twenty-fifth Years rif his said late Majesty’s Reign, so far as the fame concern any of the

Territories^ Forts, Settlement*, «r other the Premisses lying within the'Limits aforesaid, faad hereby vested

jii his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, (h*ll, from and after the said twenty-fourth D^y of June, ccafe

and determine. .

IV. Provided always, and be if enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Trade to and from

Africa shall continue free and open to all,his Majesty’s Subjects; and that.it shall be lawful for all his

Majesty’s Subjects, without Preferenceor Distinction, to trade and traffic to and from any of the Ports or

Places hereby vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, without any Reftrairtt whatsoever, other

‘than and except the due Observance bfall fachOrders or Regulations as IhaH, by and under the Autho-

rity of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, be established for the immediate Defence'of the Forts, Set-

tlements, and Factories, hereby vested in them, or for the betterGovernment of his'Majesty's Subjects

refitting or coining within the Limits aforesaid ; and that the Forts, Warehouses, and Buildings, hereby

yetted in his Majesty, his Heirs and Sucdeffors* llhallx6ntinue to'be free and* open to all his Majesty’s Sub-

jects, in the same Manner, and for the fame Purposes^ as they have hitherto been under the Authority of

the said former Acts.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any of the Offi-

cers or Servants, employed by the Committee of the said Company on the Coast of Africa, to export

Negroes from Africa upon their own Account; and that if any such Officer or Servant shall be found to

be directly or indirectly interested in such Exportation of Negroes from Africa, he shall be dismissed from

the Service of the said Committee*

4 VI. And whereas by rhe said Act made in the twenty-third Year of hrs said late Majesty’* Reign,

4 it is enacted. That the Committee of the said Company of Merchants shall give an Account, upon Oath,

4 of all the Money received by them, and of the Application thereof; but no Provision is*thereby made

4 with

^.ooooie

