2 C. 2, 3. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

first paid, mfor-dom of Great Britain, from Ireland, before Payment of the Duty or Duties by this Act specified and direct-

fu»ed j together^ t}ie farae 11 be forfeited and lost, and twenty Shillings per Barrel for every Barrel or Cask of such

pjrrcfror alY Beef or Pork, and 4w«my Shillings per hundred Weight for every hu-ndred Weight of such Bacon,

licet* and Pork, Salted Beef called Dried Beef, dried Neats Tongues, dried Hog-meat, or salted Butter, and so in Propor-

and2o$- per ico tion for any greater or lesser Quantity, to be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof; and that it

Weight for all shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, being an Officer or Officers of the Customs, or

Bu*tcr^Cat "n<* k*s Many’s Duties upon Salt, to take and seize all such Commodities as shall be imported and landed,

ft*,every, Miti contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, together with the Casks, Vessels, and Package con-

ix-ion, and Ap taining the fame ; and that all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be distributed in Manner following; that

1 \ ca«K*n, of the is to say, one Moiety thereof to the King, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the

i'tnaluci, Person or Persons who shall seize, sue, or inform for the fame; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, in *oy of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exche-

quer in Scotland', or may be foed for, recovered, and mitigated, as any Forfeiture or Penalty may be sued

for, recovered, and jn it ignited, by any of the Laws relating to the Duties on Salt.

Nj Drawback to IV. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That no Drawback shall be allowed or paid for any

Exportation01 * Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, or Butter, so imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain, from Ireland^

thereof else- anc* which shall be exported from Great Britain elsewhere.

where. ~ V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced

against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in

General Min. any such Action or Suit, may plead the General Mue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evi-

dence, at any Trial to be had thereupon 5 and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority

of this Act : And if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defend-

ants ; and if the Plaintiff-(hall be nonsuited, ordifcoolinue his Action after theDefendant or Defendants shall

have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the

Treble Cota Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as

any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law.

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cvder, and Perry,

for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five. E X P.

CAP. Ill,

An Act for extending the Time granted by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty* for allowing his Majesty*! Subjects to import their Goods and Effeftr*

being the Produce of certain Places ceded to France and Spain by the late Treaty of

Peace, upon Payment of the fame Duties as they would have been liable to if the fame

PJaces had remained in his IVIajesty’s Possession.

Gamble, fecit-* TyC7HEREA.S by an Act of Parliament passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

EigA&3*c*©. * VV jetty* intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Aloney by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the

JU. c. *7. * Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three ; and for further appropriating the Supplies %rant~

* ed iif this Sej/ion cf Parliament; and for allowing his Alajefiy's Subjects to import their Goods and Ljfefls,

* being the Produce cf certain Places cedid to E ranee and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of

4 the fame Duties as they would have been liable to if such Places had remained in his Majestfs Possession ; recit-

1 ing, That, by the definitive Treaty of Peace between his Majesty and the Crowns of France and Spain%

L ratified the tenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, the Islands of Guadeloupe,

4 Marie Galante, Defir ade, Martini co, and Gcrce, are ceded to France, and all that his Majesty bad con-

4 quered in the Island of Cuba is ceded to Spain; and the Term of eighteen Months, to be computed

4 from the Day of the Ratificaihn of the said Treaty, is thereby allowed to British Subjects to transport

* their Effects from those Islands; and also reciting. That the Produce of those Places, imported into

1 this Kingdom after the Rtftitution thereof to France and Spain, would be subject to higher Duties than.

4 -they were liable to during the Time ihcv remained in his Majesty’s Possession ; and that to the End his

4 Mrjetty’s Subjects, having Effects in' the Places before-mentioned, might have all due Encouragement and

4 Opportunity to bring the fame from thence, it is enacted, That it should and might be lawful for any of*

*■ his Majesty’s Subjects to import into this Kingdom, at any Time before the first Day of November, one

* thousand seven hundred and Cxty-four, and no longer, in British Ships navigated according to Law,.

4 directly from the Places before-mentioned, any Goods or Effects being the Growth or Produce thereof

4 respectively, upon Payment of such and the like Customs and Duties only, as would be due and payable

4 for the fame if such Places had remained and were in the Poliession of his Majesty; any Law, Custom, or

1 Usage, to ihe contrary notwithstanding : And whereas many of his Majesty’s Subjects, under Sanction of

* the find Act, sent out Ships (or the Purpose of importing their Goods and Effects from the said Places into*

* this Kingdom ; which Ships, from various Circumstances, could not arrive in any of the Ports of Great

4 Britain before the said First Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, the Time limit—

ed by the said Act: And whereas several of the said Ships arrived in Great Britain since the said first Day

4 of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, and the Goods and Effects therein imported,

4 are now detained, being subject to further Customs and Duties than they would have been subject to if

% the said Ships had arrived before the said first Day of November ^ one thousand seven hundred and sixty-

€ four

2

