580 C. 26.

Anno nono Georgii III.

A.D. 1769.

Colics of the Lifts HI. And be ft farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Gaoler and Gaolers, and

\.. lcl,7"din Keeper of any Gaol or Prison, is and are hereby required. Ten Days at least before the First or Second

Wi^ns^and General or Quarter Session of the Peace shall be held after the said First Day of June* One thousand seven

on the Gates hundred and sixty-nine, for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which

ti.creof, any such Gaol or Prison shall be, or to which the fame belong, to fix up, in some conspicuous Place or

Places in every such Prison, and at the moil frequented and usual Gate, Door, or Entrance into every

such Prison, Three or more true Conies of the Lift or L ifts proposed or intended to be delivered in by

any such Gaoler or Keeper, at the said General or Quarter Session* or at some Adjournment thereof.

Persons infcrtid ^ iV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Perfnns whose Name or Names shall be

in the Li«sbanghiferted in any such Lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, who, upon the Twenty-ninth Day of September*

o.lt aTuudu'ent Gnc t^lou^an^ seven hundred and sixty-eight, were really and truly Prisoners in the actual Custody of any

Wm;cnU, on"9 Gaoler or Gaolers, or Keeper of any Prison respectively of this Kingdom, and did not come into or get

Sept. 176^, con- his, her, or their Names entered in the Book of any Gaol or Prison as a Prisoner or Prisoners there,

fuming to the with a V iew or Design to take the Benefit of some A& for* Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and who (hull

Regulations of the Oath herein after mentioned, and shall perform on his or her Part what is required to be done by

Vi?, Ar*Jhj bchim or her by this Act, shall be for ever released and discharged from his or her Imprisonment, in fuen

1,1 6 Manner as hereafter is provided,

prisoners in Cnf- V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Prisoner or Prisoners who

ofdy*n!n^tiTsmP^aII ^ *n zw^ua^ Custody at the Time of passing this Act, and was or were, on or before the Twenty-

tl'wbtfwcrcar- n‘nt^ Day of September* One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, arrested for any Sum or Sums of

reftrd for Debt on Money by virtue of any Writ or Process, issuing out of any Court,of Record, and held to the Bail there-

or before ^QSrpt.on, and did, on or before the Twenty-eighth Day of November* One thousand seven hundred and sixty-

1763, and hrld to eight, render him, her, or themselves, or was or were furrqndered in Discharge of his, her, or their Bail,

ed'rhemfelTeion21?^ thereupon committed to Prison, and has or have continueJ therein until the patting of this Act, by

or beforeNov. virtue of such Commitment; every such Prisoner or Prisoners shall, upon due Proof of the Piemifes upon

1-68. on con- Oath, be discharged from such Debt or Demand, in like Manner as if such Prisoner or Prisoners had been

forming to the actually in Prison upon the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-

and continued therein as aforesaid; subject nevertheless to the fame Restrictions and Provisions, and

Wd.ichirged'. a Compliance with the like Terras, Conditions, and Qualifications herein before imposed upon Prisoners

actually in Custody upon the said Twenty-ninth Day of September* One thousand seven hundred and sixty-

eight; and also subject to the fame Terms and Provisions relating to the Estate and Eflefts of every such

Prisoner as aforesaid.

Justices upon the VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Ju^ices of any County, Riding,

Prlf^Tr °anjhhis^‘v*^on’ Town, Place, or Liberty within this Kingdom, upon the Petition of any such Prisoner

deliveringaSchc- or Prtf°ners to any Justice or Justices of the Peace within his or their respective Jurisdictions, upon every

duleof hiflEftAtp^such Prisoner or Prisoners so petitioning, and, at the Time of his or her so petitioning, l aving with the

Justice or Justices of the Peace, who (hull be so petitioned, a true Copy of the Schedule, containing his

or her intended Discovery of his or her Real and Personal Estate, to be sworn to at the First or Second

General or Quarter Session next ensuing after every such Petition, or some Adjournment thereof, by

ar* toiflFoe their Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands ana Seals, to require the Sherift' or Sheriffs, Gaoler or

Warrant f«r Gaolers, or Keeper of any such Prison within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, to bring

toner'tShcQan- ^e*ore l^e Justices at the First or Second next General or Gqneral Quarter Session of the Peace, or any

tcr-fcffrjns^c!^‘Adjournment thereof, to be held as the Cafe (h^l happen to be, next after the Expiration of Ten Days.

from the Date of such Warrant, for such respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or

tvi»lithe warrant Liberty, the Body of any Person being in the said Prison as aforesaid, with the Warrant or. Warrants of

^ or ^er Drainer, together with a Copy or Copies of the Cause or causes which he, she, or they is o&

t c n »are charged with in any such Gaol or Prison as aforesaid, at the Time aforesaid: which Warrant of every

Gaoler,&c. to o- such Justice or Justices every such Sheriff and Sheriffs, Gaoler or Keeper, is and *re hereby commanded to

bey such Warrant, obey.

Schedule of the VII. And be it also enacted, That the Copy of every Schedule which shall be left with anyiuch Justice

PnGner^Estate or Jufj;ice3^ shall, within Ten Days after the lame (hallbefo left* be transmitted by the Justice or Justices,

wkh whom the fame shall be so left, to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer, acting as

the Peace, Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Place, or Liberty, in which the fame

for inspeaion of shall have been so left, there to remain and be inspected, from Time to Time, as Occanoh shall require, by

the Creditor, any Creditor of any such Prisoner who shall desire to inspect the fame.

Prisoners intend- VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and evenr Prisoner and Prisoners, who shall intend to petition

i^ to petition forto be discharged under this Act as aforesaid, shall first cause publick Notice to be inserted in Three several

arMoVive prev'i- London Gazettes previous to such General or Quarter Session, or the Adjournment thereof, at which the

©us Notice therein Prisoner or Prisoners shall apply to be discharged from any Gaol in London* or within the Weekly Bills

of Tbnce in theof Mortality; and if such Prisoner shall be in Custody in any Gaol out of London* or the Weekly Bills of

Gazette,andothtrMortality, then also in (bine News Paper which shall be publiftied in or near the County, Riding, Division,

News Papers: City, Town, Liberty, or Place, in the Gaol whereof he or she shall be so in Custody; containing the

Contents of the Narne, Trade* and Occupation, and Two last Places of Abode, if so many, of every such Prisoner and

ouct. Prisoners, and the Prison wherein he, she, or they is or are confined, and of his, her, or their Intention

to take the Benefit of this Act, and mentioning such Notice in each Gazette or News Paper, to be the First,

Second*

