The T I T L E 5 of the STATUTES.

» Daughters and Coheireflca of the said Thomas Prtnvfe

deceased; and for settling and alluring the Manors,

Lands, and Hereditaments* which, upon the said Par*

tition, have been allotted as the specific Part or Share of

each of the said Daughter*, to the several Uses therein

limited.

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common

Fields, Meadow Grounds, Common Failures, and other

tininclosed Grounds, within the Township or Terri-

tories of Upper Dunsford and Branton, in the County of

Tori.

87. An Act for inclosing several Open and Common Fields,

and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of

Welt ony in the County of Lincoln.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, Meadows, Grounds, Commons, Pallures, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

Manor of Comberford and WtggingUsn, or Prebends of

TViggington and Gotorij in the County of Stafford,

$9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, a

Cow Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, within the

Parishes of Great Carlton and Castle Carlton, in the

County of Lincoln.

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and Grounds, within

the Townflaip of Great Cowdeny in the several Parishes

of Mapleton and Aldbroughy io Holderness^ in the Fall

Riding of the County of York.

ft. An Act Cor dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, Meadows, raftures* Commons, and Waftc

Grounds, in the Parilhrof Matterfey* in the County of

Nottingham.

91. An Act for dividing and indoGng certain Open Fields*

Common Pallures, and Open Lands and Grounds*

within the Township of Eafington, in Holdemtfsy in tbr

East Riding of the County o f York.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open end

Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, and other Com-

monable Lands and Grounds, in East HeJUrton^ in the

Parish of Weft Hejlerton, in the East Kidin- of the

County of York. ;

94. An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the Open

Parts of the Dillrift called the Forest of Knarejborouzby

in the County of York% as lie within the eleven Contta-

bleries thereof*, and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned. 1

95. An Act to enable the Right Honourable fames Gren- I

ville, the Right Honourable Robert CraggsLord Viscount

Clare, and the Right Honourable Welbore Ellis* to take* ;

in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, a9 Vice Treasurer,

and Receiver General, and Paymaster Genera), of all

his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland* and

to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said

Offices.

96. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Robert Lord I

Viscount Clare% the Right Honourable Welbore Ellis* and

the Right Honourable George Lord Edgecumbey to take,

in Great Britain^ the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurec,

and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his

Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to

qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

\

r

f

i

l

1

T H I

