*53

A.D. 1766/ Anno sexto Georgii III. C. 13.

c said Colonies and Plantations; and have, in pursuance of such Claim, passed certain Votes, Resolutions,

and Orders, derogatory to the Legislative Authority of Parliament, and lnconfiftent with the Dependency

4 of the said Colonies and Plantations upon the Crown of Great BritainMay it therefore please your

most excellent Majesty, that it may be declared; and be it declared by the King's most excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present and PUnu *ni

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Colonies and Plantations in America jn America de-

have been, are, and of Right ought to be, subordinate unto, and dependent upon, the Imperial Crown and dared to be sub-

Parliament of Great Britain; and that the King’s Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords ordinate unto.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, had, hath, and of Right dependent

ought to have, full Power and Authority to make Laws and Statutes of sufficient Force and Validity to bind rial CrownTni"

the Colonies and People of America, Subjects of the Crown of Great Britain, in all Cafes whatsoever. Parliament of

Great Britain j and the Legislative Authority of Great Britain dedared to extend to, and bind the Coloaiei and People of America, at Subject, in all Cafes

whatsoever.

II. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Resolutions, Votes, All Rcfolutiona

Orders, and Proceedings, in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, whereby the Power and Authority of *"d.Pr^V^ing3

the Parliament of Great Britain, to make Laws and Statutes as aforesaid, is denied or drawn into nL« denying01 or

question, are, and are hereby declared to be, utterly null and void to all Intents and Purposes what- catling in ques.°

loevef. tion the said

Power, declared null and void;

CAP. XIII.

An Act to remove a Doubt concerning such Part of an Act made in the last Session of Par-

liament, as relates to the ascertaining of the Duties upon the Importation of certain Linen

Cloth of the Manufacture of Russia, and to obviate all Doubts with respect to the Impor-

tation of Tea, under certain Licences authorized to be granted by an Act made in the

eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty.

4 IT 7H ERE AS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An At1for the better fe- Preamble, re-

curing and further Improvement of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland, and Salt Duties; and citing Clause is

€ for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the lfle of Man; and for allowing the Importation of several c

4 Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of the said Island, under certain Refactions ana Regulations; it is 5 c*o. g. /. aj.

4 amongst other Things enacted, That from and after the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred SeM. 7,

and sixty-five, the Duties payable upon the Importation of unrated Linen Cloth, of the Manufacture of

4 Russia, shall cease and determine; and that all the Provisions and Clauses contained in any former Act or

4 Acts of Parliament, so far as the fame relate to the ascertaining the Value of such unrated Linens, accord-

4 ing to the Oaths or Affirmations of the Importers, shall be repealed and made void; and that in l ieu of the

4 said Duties thereby repealed, from and after the said first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and

4 sixty-five, all Linen Cloth or Diaper of Russia, not otherwise rated, which shall be imported into Great

4 Britain, shall be rated to pay the old Subsidy, and all other Subsidies or Duties due for the fame, accord-

4 ing to the several Rates and Values in the said recited Act mentioned; that is to say, All Linen Cloth and

4 Diaper of Russia, not otherwise rated, exceeding thirty-one inches and one-half of an Inch in breadth,

and not exceeding forty-five Inches in breadth, for every one hundred and twenty English Ells, six Pounds;

.4 and for all Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise rated, exceeding forty-five Inches in breadth,

4 for every one hundred and twenty English Ells, ten Pounds; and in that Proportion for any greater or less

4 Quantity of any of the said Goods: And whereas several Quantities of Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia,

4 exceeding twenty-two Inches and one-half of an Inch, and not exceeding thirty-one Inches and one half

4 of an Inch in breadth, have, since the said first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five,

4 been imported into Great Britain, which Sort of Linen formerly paid Duty ad Valorem; and the fame being

4 omitted to be expressly rated in the said recited Act, Doubts have arisen, whether the Duties upon such

4 Linen are to be ascertained according to the former Method, by the Oath of the Importer, or in propor-

4 tion to the Rates affixed by the said recited Act upon Russia Linen not otherwise rated, exceeding in breadth

4 thirty-one Ipches and one-half of an Inch: And whereas the Proportion of such Rates, when applied to

4 RuJ Ita Linen, exceeding twenty-two Inches and one-half of an Inch and under thirty-one Inches and

4 one-half of an Inch in breadth, is four Pounds for every one hundred and twenty English Ells :’ Now to

obviate those Doubts, and for supplying such Omission, May it please your Majesty that it may be declared

. and enacted; and be it declared and enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

. and by the Authority of the same, That all Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise taxed, Cloth n*

exceeding twenty-two Inches and one-half of an Inch, and not exceeding thirty-one Inches and one* half ol^crf,r,rcrated^

of an Inch in breadth, which have been, or shall be, imported into any Port or Place within Great Britain,

from and after the said first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, shall be rated to pay inches in

the old Subsidy granted by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of breadth, hot not

King Charles the Second, and all other Subfiaies, Imports, and Duties whatsoever, payable for the ^me,than 3*

according to the Rate and Value of four Pounds for every one hundred and twenty English Ells of such

Linen, in the same Manner, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, as if the fame had been particularly

and expressly so rated and valued in the said recited Act, made the last Session of Parliament; any thing to pay a« hae

therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding rated.

Vol. X. X « 1L And

