4-84 C* 22, 23. Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 176?.

of such Court in any Court of Admiralty in the respective Colony or Plantation where the Offence shall be committed,

ju-y a^pcil. either Party who shall think himself aggrieved by such Determination may appeal, from such Determina-

tion, to any Court of Vice-Admiralty appointed, or to be appointed, and which shall have Jurisdiction

within such Colony, Plantation, or Place ; which Court of Vice-Admiralty is hereby authorised and re-

quired to proceed, hear, and determine, all such Suits, Prosecutions, and Appeals ; any Law, Custom or

Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, as af-

fefts the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, with respect to the Leakage of Wines imported into

this Kingdom from the said Islands under certain Restrictions and Regulations ; and for

continuing an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His late Majesty, for the better En^

couragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain.

tinV Chu?c ^nC1'f WT E A S by a Clausein an Act of Parliament made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His

Act 4. Geo. III.C VV present Majesty, intitled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Aloney out of the

c. 13. 4 Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Tear One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty Four ; and for preventing

4 in certain Cafes, the obtaining of Allowances in respect of the Leakage of JVines imported into this Kingdom ; and

* fr making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, lojI,

4 burnt, or otherwise dstroyed ; it is enabled. That from and after the First Day of May, One Thousand

4 Seven Hundred and Sixty-four, no Merchant shall be allowed Twelve per Centum, or have any Allow-

4 ance for Leakage upon any Wine imported into this Kingdom, unless such Wine be imported directly

T 4 from the Country or Place of the Growth of the said Wine, or the usual Port or Place of it’s first ship-

1 -,°La: C Ping (except as therein excepted :) And whereas it hath been found that great Loss and Detriment hath

th? recite!7 * 4 accrued to the Inhabitants of the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, by reason of such Restriction : May it

clause, so far as4 therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

it afteffcs th e Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

/lT<Tnd y<?ifern t^l‘s Pre^*cnt Parliament assembleJ, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the Twenty-fifth

^irh^ei/rV'to Day of Match, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-eight, the said Ciause, so far as the fame affects the

the Leakage of Islands of Guernfy and Jersey, with regard to the Allowance on Leakage of Wines imported from the said

Win«, repealed}Islands in:o this Kingdom, shall be repealed.

provided a proper H. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no

Certificate on Person or Persons shall be intitled to any Allowance on Wines imported into this Kingdom from the

ablctotU^Regu. Islands, unless Ccrtificat , on Oath, made before the Magistrates of the Royal Courts, or any Three

lationshere men. of them, shall be produced before thcColleftor, or other proper Officer of the Customs at the Port where

tioned, be produ-such Wines shall be landed in Great-Brita'tn, which Oath is to be taken by theSh:pper of the Wines at

ded bef re the the Islands aforesaid, or either of them, certifying the Name of the Vessel in which such Wines arc shipped,.

fhcPPort of^Im-Name of the Master or Commander thereof, and the Number and Quality of Casks so shipped, with

portation in the Marks thereon, and that such Wines have received no Mixture lince their landing at the said Islands

Ci eat Britain, or either of them, except such Mixture only as is usual and nectlTary for clearing and forcing fi.ich Wines,

and that such Wines have been imported into the said Islands or one of them, in British Bottoms only,

unless in Time of adhial War ; and the said Wines are, at the Time of shipping at the Islands aforesaid.

Where Wines

ftVll 'be imported or either of them, the Property of British Subjects only.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

no Wines from such Countries where British

* alto this Kingdom from

Consul residing in the

into the said

Ithnch from Consuls refute, 4 all be entitled to any Allowance for Leakage on Wi.es imported into this Kingdom from

A Con^ir *‘her of the said Islands, unless a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of the British Consul residing in the

are rrfiden?L * Country where such Wines Dull be first shipped, shall have been produced at the Time of the Importation

Cenificates are into the find islands or either of them, before the Royal Courts there, and shall have been registered in the

to be had irom fame, testifying that such V\ ines were shipped for the fai l Islands, or one of them, in British Bottoms, ijii-

th«m,a|»d produ-|efs in Time of actual War, and that the fame are the Property of British Subjects only, specifying the

in the Lid lilands Name of the Vessel in which such Wines were shipped, and the Name of the Mailer or Commander there-

in order to mu of, and also the Quantity of such Wines ; which Certificate, indorllM by the Magistrates of the Royal

them to tht Al-Courts, or any T hree of them, n all be transmitted to the Collector, or other proper Officer of the Cuf-

lnwanceforleak-t°ms> at t|le port where such YVincs shall be land' d in this Kingdom.

IV. Provided always. T hat in case such Wines fty.il! be imported fi run the said Islands, or either of them

Y*ntol^1s Kingdom, in different Parcels, the said Certificate (h ill accompany the first fared of such Wines

fft^nrVa^ele * hnported i and with regard to the Remainder of such Qu ntiti • ro be imported in any subsequent Par-

the said Ccrufi-cel or Parcels, the fame shall be certified by the Shipper • f such Vines, upon Oath made before the Roy-

c»te Uto ©rcom-al Court of the I-and from whence such Wines ft; Ji be imported, tellitying the fame to be Part of the

pany the fifft Wine contained in the said Certificate from the Zte/7': Com il, and dccia.ing what Quantities and Parcels

Kwamder^bc l^e ^ame ^avc* been shipped, in what Vdfeis, anJ to wlm Port , with th- Quantity of the faiJ different

•e.tifiedby the Parcels so flapped amount to 3

Shipp*, V»

C.oooole

