734 C. 25. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

r. ghts pio. maiiuaining a Efficient Light upon or against the fame every Night, during the whole Night from the

VOcd Time it becomes dark, to prevent Accidents: And if any Person or Persons shall erc& or set up, or cause

to he erected or set up, any such Inclosure, Posts, Bars, or Rails, or any ether Matter or Thing what-

ever for the Purposes aforesaid, in any other Manner than is hereby directed, or shall not remove the

fame, together wi.h such Rubbish as aforesaid, within a reasonable Time, or shall not set up such Light

as aforesaid; every such Perfun shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

Icfi ® LIV. And for the more speedy Removal of such Nuisances and Obstrudtions in the said Town, it is

hereby further enacted, That if after the putting of this Act any Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Car-

riage, shall be left or iuffered to ff.ind or continue in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts,

Ways, Gate-ways, or other publick Paflliges, or in any Part or Parts thereof, with or without Horses

or other Cattle, other than for the necessary loading or unloading thereof; or if any Timber, Bricks,

Stones, Slates, Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes,

Materials, or Things whatsoever, shall belaid or placed, and left in any such Street, Square, Lane,

Court, Way, Gate-way, or other publick Passage, longer than shall be absolutely necessary for the hous-

ing or removing the fame; then, and in every such Cafe, the Owner or Owners of every such Cart,

Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, or of any such Timber, Bricks, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes,

Materials, or other Things, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings,

.-and the fame shall moreover be deemed Nuisances; and any Person whomsoever, without any Peace- ffi-

cer, may, either in the Day or by Night, seize or cause to be seized the Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other

Carriage so placed, or suffered to stand or continue,'contrary to the true Meaning of the Act, toge her

with the Horse or Horses thereunto belonging or affixed, if any, or the Timber, Bricks, Stones, Slates,

Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials, or

may bt im- Things so laid or placed as aforesaid; and remove the fame, or cause the fame to be removed to the cum-

fHHinued j nion Pound, or such other Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or

any Seven or more of them, there to be kept and detained until the Owner or Owners thereof, or his,

and if not riaim. her, or their known Servant or Servants, shall claim the fame, and pay to the Person or Persons irr whose

^ ^Lithe fame shall then be, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, togeiher with the Charges of removing

u‘ and keeping the fame; and in case the fame shall not be claimed, and the said Sum of 1 wenty Shillings

«n..y be foU. and Charges paid within the Space of Six Days next after such Seizure, it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to cause the fame to be appraised and fold,

an<^ l^c Monies arising therefrem shall be applied to the fameUfes and Purposes as the Money arising from

■ao^cizircmadf. ^ates or Assessments are hereby directed to be applied: Provided, that if any Cart, Waggon, Dray,

*or o:her Carriage shall be so placed, or suffered to stand or continue as aforesaid, or any Timber, Bricks,

Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials, or Things shall be so laid or placed as aforesaid, and the

fame shall not be seized and impounded as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners of such Cart, Waggon,

Dray, or other Carriage, or of such Timber, Bricks, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials, or

Things, shall nevertheless forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Offence by such Cart,

Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage being so placed or suffered to itand or continue; or such Timber,

Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Bricks, Materials, or Things being so laid or placed, or left as afore-

said.

Except'®*.

C3rr;3»e?t feow

to be driven in

Chc Streets, &c,

reo?irydriv- LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Per Cm or Persons shall at any Time after the passing of this

iy Hirrnvrs. Act, run, diive, or carry, or cause to be run, driven, drawn, carried, or placed on any of the Foot-pave-

fivcinents* F0°l" ments *n any of the said Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, or orher publick Pahages any Wheel or Wheels,

Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Truck, or Carriage whatsoever, or shall roll any Cask, or wilfully

fide, drive, or lead, or cause to be rode, driven, or led, any Horse or o.her Cattle, on any of the said

Foot-pavements, other than in Cafes of absolute Necessity; such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay,

for the first Offence, the Sum of Ten Shillings; for the Second Offence, the Sum of Twenty Shillings ;

and for the Third and every other Offence, the Sum of Forty Shillings: Provided, that no Person or Per-

fons shall be liable to such Penalties for rolling any Cask on the said hoot-pavements, unless the fame shall

have been rolled thereon, for the Space of Forty Yards, or upwards.

LVI. And be it further enaeffed, That if any Person shall,. at any Time after the Passing of this Act,

drive any Cart, Dray, Waggon, Truck, or other Carriage for the Conveyance of Goods ift or through

any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Ways, or other publick Paffnges faster than a Foot-

pace, or without some Person on Foot leading the Shaft or Thill-horse by a Halter or Rein affixed to

the Head of such Horse; every such Person shall, for every fych Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of

Ten Shillings.

TVnaW onlnv- LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Cellar Window or Windows (hull be left open in the

ms cellar Win-Evening, or in the Night, without the fame being Efficiently lighted, to prevent Accidents happening

open or in-.therefrom; or if any such Cellar Window or Cellar Windows shall at any Time be left open, so as to

J: d » obstruct the Foot-ways in any or either of the said Streets; the Occupier or Occupiers of such House 6r

Cellar shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings,

flxobftruflingtlie LVIIL And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the Passing of this Act,

1 y / CarrT" ^ obstruct any of the Gate-ways, or narrow Streets or Lanes of the said Town of Southampton, by overload-

^ ^arn gc" ing any Carriage; every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of

Twenty Shillings.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

or any Seven or more of them, to widen the Faff Gate of the said Town, and so make a Poffcrn on the

North Side thereof, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and to take down and remove so much

of any Building adjoining thereto, as they Hull think necessary, for making the lhid Poffcrn of Efficient

Width:

Commi.T;on?rs

Tnjy widen the

rn-sire x

&c.

