A.D. 1769.

Anno nono Georgii III,

e. tg, 30. J9S

Staith, used fov

my Purpnfei of

the said Mines,

Sc c.

or Fences set up

for inclufing

Lands by virtue

of Acts.of Par*

liament, is Tran -

fportation for 7

Years.

Limitation of

Prosecutiont for

the said Offences,

be erected, set up, provided, or made, for dividing or inclosing any Common Waste or other Lands or

Grounds, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament l every such Person, being lawfully convicted

of any or either of the said several Offences, or of caufine or procuring-the fame to be done, shall be ad~

judged guilty of Felony, , and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cafes of Felony; and

the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried, shall have Power and ^Authority to transport

such Felon for the Term of Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported

by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

IV. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be prosecuted by virtue of this Act for any

Offence or Or ences committed contrary to the fame, unless such Prosecution be commenced within

Eighteen Months after the Offence committed.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of Her late Majesty Queen

^inne as relates to the Harbour Moorings of the Royal Navy; and for the more effectual

Preservation of such Haibour Moorings; and Punilhmerit of Persons guilty of dealing

or embezzling His Majesty’s Naval Stores; or of Forgery or Perjury in relation to Sea-

mens Wages.

c "1X7 HEREAS the Provisiorw by an Act of Parliament of the Tenth Year-oF Her late Majesty Preamble*

4 W Queen Annr^ for the preservine Her Majesty's Harbour Moorings, have been found inefficient

4 for preserving the Harbour.Moorings belonging to His Majesty, and (or securing the Ships, and Vessels

1 of the Royal Wavy from being liable to be damaged by Merchant Ships or Vessels: For Remedy where-

4 oi/ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Co'nfent of the RfP^ f<r

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembledj and by the Autho- 7o

rity of the fame, That so much of the said Act, as relates to the preserving Her said late Majesty’s Ann.T, as relate*

Harbour Moorings, shall be, and is> hereby declared to be, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of to preserving Her

jmtne9 One thouffo.d seven hundred and sixty-nine, repealed.

, II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty-fourth

Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, if any Merchant Ship, or other Ship or c^ernme*

Vend, other than and except His Majesty’s Ships of War, or Ships or Vessels belonging to his Majesty’:; vice flopping> 0r

Royal Navy, or employed in His Majesty’s Service, shall flop or fasten to any of His Majesty’s Moor- fattening to, any

ings, or fix themselves to any of His Majesty’s Ships or Hulks, or ride or moor with their own Anchors, th.c R°y*1

so as in any Manner, or with any Wind, to be liable to bear against any of His Majesty’s Ships ofcWar, or r

or other Vessels; the Captain, Master, Commander, or Person, then on board, and having the Care or ^ so aa uTbc

Command of such Merchant Ship or VcflTel, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Founds for each and liable to bear

every Tide such Merchant Ship or Vessel shall stay and remain at the said Moorings, or ride or moor against any of the

with its own Anchor, so as in any Manner or with any Wind, to bear against any of His Majesty’s said Ships,

Ships or Hulks; unless it shall appear that such Merchant Ship or Veffd was necessitated so to do by

Want of Tide, Stress of Weather, or other unavoidable Accident; One Moiety of which Forfeiture ceflitiiedfot«4^

shall be applied to the Use of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use Application of

of him or them who shall fuc for the fame; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Infor- the Forfeiture,

mation, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westmirjhr, with full Costs of Suit; wherein no

FiToin,. Privilege, Pro left ion,. Wager of Law, Injunction, or more than One Imparlance, shall be

allowed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person on board commanding such Mrrcham Shiot

Merchant Ship or Vessel shall, and he is hereby required, upon an Order given to him in Writing by ady

any One or more Officer or Officers belonging to any of His Majesty’s Ships of War, Docks, or Yards, from «ny facb

to junloofe from the said Moorings, and remove such Merchant Ship or Vessel, in case it (haJI be then Moorings, upcn

moored, with its own Anchors, so as effectually to prevent the fame from riding, or being in any Man- net compMrf

nee, or wi h any Wind, liable to bear against any of His Majesty’s said Ships or Hulks; and upon Nc- ^ the Vu^o*"*

flcft or Refusal of such Officer to comply with any such Order or Ordtr9 for the Space of Twenty-four e 1

lours next after such Order or Orders shall be so given, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such

Officer or Officejs of any of His Majesty’s Ships ot War, Docks, or Yards, to unloose, or cause such

Merchant Ship or Vessel to be unloofod, as aforesaid, and to remove, or cause the fame to be removed,

so as effectually to prevent the fame from riding, or being in any Manner, or with any Wind, liable to

bear against His Majesty’s said Shipper Hulks. ^ '

IV. And it is hereby declared and enabled, That every such Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s the Kin?*

Ships of War, Docks, or Yards aforesaid, shall be and he and they is and are hereby indemnified for ships, or Dmk*

what he or they shall so do, or cause to be done, in pursuance of this Act. are indcnri.V.ika

V. And, for the more speedy and cftectual bringing to Justice Persons who shall falsely afliime the

Names or Characters of Officers or Seamen, or other Persons; or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to Ttcaiurer. and

be forged or- counterfeited* any Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket* Certificate,. Assignment, last Will,

4 G gr jowtKd atf

