248 C. 40.

Anno sexto Georgii III.

A. D. 1766,

Proo£ made on Parliament, shall be discharged or delivered up, until Proof is made by the Oath of the Matter, Mate, Pur~

^cr’ or ot^cr Pe*f°n* having Charge of the Ship or Veil'd during the Voyage in which such Goods were

fairly landed 0? exP°rtec^ that the said Goods, and every Part thereof were fairly landed or disposed of in or on fotne Part

differed of iq of the Coatt of Africa 5 and that no Part thereof had been relanded in «iny Part of Great Britain, or the

Africa, &c. Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sarky or Many or any other Part or Place beyond the Seas; and by,

the Oath of the Merchant Exporter (if living) that, to the best of his, her, or their Knowledge and Belief,

such Goods had been disposed of at the Place or Places mentioned in the Oath of such Matter, Mate, Pur-

withinVvclr* ^ or °therPerson, bav*ng thcCharge of such Ship orVefTcl during the Voyage; which Proof shall be made

from* the Date of within three^fears from the Date of each^respective Bond, before the Collector and (

the Bond ;

otherwise (he

Bon 1 ma - be

put in Suit.

Clause in 6 Geo.

3. c. 5.

Comptroller, or other

Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port for the time being where such last mentioned Bond shall be

entered into, who are hereby respectively impowered to administer the fame; and in case no such Certifi-

cate shall be produced, or Proof made as aforesaid, within the respective Times before limited, it shall and

may be lawful for the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain to cause such Bonds, or

either of them, to be put in Suit, unless they shall find sufficient Cause to forbear the fame j any Law, Cus-

tom, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

4 VIII. And whereas by an Act parted in this present Session of Parliament, intituled. An Act to prohibit

4 the Exportation of Corn, Grainy Malt, Mealy Fioury Breads Biscuit, and Starch, for a limited Time; it was

4 amongst other Things enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, at any Time or Times before

4 the twenty-sixth Day of AuguJly one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, should export, or carry out of

4 or from the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, any Sort of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread,

4 Biscuit, or Starch, under the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned ; but with several Provisions and

4 Savings in the said A ft contained: And whereas the Inhabitants of the IJleof Man have, for several

4 Years last past, been supplied with considerable Quantities of Corn, Meal, and Flour, from Great Britain^

4 and Ireland, and they are now in great Want thereof, no Provision or caving having been itiade in the

4 said Act for supplying them therewith / be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the

said recited Act, or any Thing therein contained, shall not extend to any Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, or

Flour, to be transported out of or from the Ports of Southampton or Exeter only, unto the said Isle of

Many for the only Use of the Inhabitants of the said island; so as the Exporter, before the lading

of such Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, or Flour, or laying the fame on board, do become bound, with other

sufficient Security, in treble the Value thereof, which the Customer or Comptroller of either of the said

Ports respectively hath hereby Power to take in his Majesty’s Name, and to his Majesty's Use, and for

which Security no Fee or Reward shall be given or taken, that such Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, or Flour,

shall be landed in the said Isle of Man (the Dangers of the Seas only excepted) for the Use of the Inhabi-

tants there, and shall not be landed or fold in any other Parts whatsoever ; and to return the like Certifi-

cates of the Landing the fame there, as are by the said Act required on the Exportation of the said Com-

modities to the British Colonies in America, and within the Time for that Purpose therein mentioned; and

Whole Quantity so as the whole Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, or Flour, which at any Time or Times after

the parting this Act, and before the said twenty-sixth Day of Augufty one thousand seven hundred and sixty-

fix, shall be shipped at both the said Ports for the said Isle of Man as aforesaid, shall not exceed in the Whole

two thousand five hundred Quarters; one Moiety whereof to be exported at the said Port of Southampton,

and the other Moiety thereof to be exported at the said Port of Exeter; any Thing in the said recited Act to

the contrary notwithstanding.

4 IX. And whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, an additional Duty of four Shil-

4 lings was granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from the fifth Day of June, one thousand

4 seven hundred and sixty-five, for every Chaldron of Coals, Newcastle Measure, which should be shipped

4 for Exportation to any Part beyond the Seas, except to Ireland, the Isle of Man, or the British Dominions

4 in America: And, whereas it is found expedient to permit certain Quantities of Coals to be annually ex-

4 ported to the iflunds ofjerfey, Guernsey, and Alderney, for the Use and Consumption of his Majesty's Sub-

4 jests in the said Islands, and of the Casket Lights, free of the said additional Duty / be it therefore

enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the twentieth Day of Juney one thousand seven

hundred and sixty-six, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Inhabitants of the said Islands respectively,

to export and transport the several Quantities of Coals herein after mentioned, free of the said additional

Duty of four Shillings for every Chaldron, out of and from the Ports of Newcastle and Sw<Tnfea% in the f<-

^erf^Cy,l?Ue^nft5, vers“ Pioportion9, to the said Ides of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney respectively, ns are herein after mentioned;

i^ithou/paying 38 the Person or Persons who shall (nip such Coals do, before the shipping thereof, deliver unto the

the additional * Collector and Comptroller of the Customs of the said Ports of 'Newcastle and Swansea respectively (out of

Dutyimposed by which the said Coals are to be exported) a Writing under the Seal or Seals of the respective Governors of

the recited A&. the said Kies of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney (into which the said Coals are to be transported) prof his

or their Deputy or Deputies respectively ; which Writing shall express the Name of the Party appointed

to export, or cause to be exported, out of the said Ports of Newcastle and Swansea, or one of them, io many

Chaldrons of Coals, exporting the Number thereof, to the fame Isle, to be used or consumed therein, or

in some of the Members or Parts thereof, or in the Casket Lights ; and that such Party so authorized and

appointed to export, or cause to be exported, such Coals, hath, before the making and feahng of ibat

Writing, entered into sufficient Bond for his Majesty's Use, in the Penalty of twenty Pounds for every

Chaldron of such Coals, for the due landing of the said Coals accordingly (the Danger of the Seas only

excepted).

X. And, to the Intent that the Quantity of Coals to be exported out of the Ports of Newcastle and Swan-

sea aforesaid, into the said Iflcs, or any of them, in any one Year (accounting the Year to begin from the

3 said

Clause for per-

witting certain

Quantities of

wheat and other

Grain &c. to be

.exported from

Southampton

end Exeter, for

the Use of the

Inhibirants of

the Isle of Man.

not to exceed

•,500 Quarters

Clause in Act

J Geo. j. c. ,5,

Cl.ofo for prr-

witting certain

Quantities of

Coals to be an*

nually exported

from Newcastle

and Swansea to

the Islands of

