316 C. 37.

Anno feptimo Georgii III.

A. D. 1767.

Orphans DeKr,

and afterwards

to iddeem tic

said Annuities.

then of the Re- Discharge thereof, then towards the Payment and Discharge of so much of the said. principal Debt as shall

m-under of the then remain due to the said Orphans, and other Creditors of the said City; and from and after the Pay-

ment and Discharge of the whole of such Debt, then towards Redemption of all and every the Annuities

so to be granted in respect of*the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds : The Payment

of which said several Sums, shall and may be made in such Order as the said Court of Mayor and Aider-

men shall think fit, but within the respective Times so as aforesaid limited for the making thereof re-

spedlively.

Upon six Months XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall

Notice of such give, or cause to be given, six Calendar Months Notice of their Intention to pay off such respective prin-

Redcmption, cjpa| Sums, or to redeem such Annuities, to the Person or Persons to whom the fame shall respectively

the Money the belong » at Lnd of which six Months, upon Payment or Tender of the respective Sums so due, or for

IntereftVAn. which such Annuities shall have been granted, to or for the Person or Persons to whom such Notice shall

jiuities to cease j be given, at the Office of the Chamberlain of the said City of London, for the time being, in the Guildhall

of the fame City ; and from thenceforth the Interest or Annuity payable to such Person or Persons, to

whom such Notice and Payment or Tender shall have been so given or made as aforesaid, shall cease and

but the Principal determine: Nevertheless, the Monies so tendered shall be paid to such Person or Persons, upon his, her, or

to be (till pay- their Demand, and giving a Discharge for the fame; and the said Debts or Sums so charged on the said

abIc« Fund, and paid off as aforesaid, shall be annihilated.

The Surpinfies XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for and during the said Space of four Years,

ro be applied fer to be computed from the said twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, the

lh»ri • nJiftcT- Surplusses arising and to arise of the said Fund, shall be applied to the respective Purposes aforesaid yearly*

vnrds*half-* * at the End of each Year ; but that from and after the Expiration of the said four Years, the said Surplufle*

yearly. shall be so applied at the End of every Half Year.

Deficiencies in XL1V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Fund shall at any Time or Times

Payment of said hereafter prove insufficient to pay off and discharge the Interest of the said respective principal Debts, and

inter*ft or An. ^ Annuities so charged thereon ; then, and in every such Cafe, and so often as the fame shall happen, the

Sum, which shall be wanting to complete the Payment and Discharge of such Interest and Annuities, shall

be advanced and paid out of the Chamber of the said City, and be made good, and supplied out of the next

Surplusses arising or to arise of the said Fund.

nuities, to be

paid out of the

Chamber, and

supplied out of

the next Sur-

pluses

Application of

the Money

raised.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, so

to be raised and borrowed as aforesaid, shall be issued and applied, and the fame is hereby appropriated to

and for the respective Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned; (that is to say) a Sum not exceeding

fifty-eight thousand five hundred Pounds, Part of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand

Pounds, shall be issued and applied for and towards the completing of the said intended Bridge from Black-

Friars to the opposite Side in the said County of Surrey; and for or towards making, widening, enlarging,

and improving. Streets, Ways, and Passages, on each Side of the said River, to and from the said Bridge,

according to the Powers given to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council affem-

bled, in and by the said Act of the twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, or in and by this pre-

sent Act: And a Sum not exceeding seven thousand five hundred Pounds, other Part of the said Sum of one

hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, shall be issued and applied for or towards defraying the Expence of

embanking so much of the North Side of the said River, within the Limits aforesaid, as shall by the

said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, be embanked by virtue of this

present Act; the Residue of the said Sum of seven thousand five hundred Pounds, if any, after defraying

such Expences, to be issued and applied in Mannar herein after mentioned and directed, as Part of a Fund

for lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing, the said intended Bridge when built: And a Sum not ex-

ceeding thirty thousand Pounds, other Part of the“faid Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand Pounds,

shall be issued and applied, in the first place, for or towards redeeming and purchasing the said Tolls, pay-

able for the Passage over London Bridge and the Lease thereof; and the Residue shall be placed out at Inte-

rest, upon such Government or real Securities, or be laid out in the Purchase of the Freehold and Inherit-

ance of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in

Common Council assembled, shall seem meet, in Trust, for or towards the Uses, Intents, and Purposes,

to which the said Tolls, or the Rents and Fines payable in respect thereof, are now applicable r And a.

Sum not exceeding fifty thousand Pounds, other Part of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty-six thousand

Pounds, shall be issued and applied for or towards the pulling down the said Gaol of Newgate, and build-

ing a new Gaol instead thereof, and for or towards purchasing such Houses and Lands as shall by the said

Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, be judged necessary for the Purpose

of rendering such new Gaol more airy, extensive, and commodious, or for making, widening, enlarging,

or improving, any of the Streets, Ways, or Passages, adjoining or leading to the said intended New Gaol

and Sessions House : And a Sum not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, Residue of the said Sum of one hun-

dred and fifty-six thousand Pounds, shall be issued and applied for or towards the immediate and substantial

And to be &ppti- Repairs of the said House or Building, called The Royal Exchange : And no Part of any of the said several

caMeto no other Sums shall be applicable or applied to or for any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, than to or for,

ilid Tan Sur or towards, several.Purposes to which the fame are so respectively appropriated by this Act; and if any

a» 1 any n Surplus shall remain of any of the said Sums, over and above what shall be applied to the several and re-

spedlive Uses and Purposes aforesaid, all and every such Surplus shall be applied and appropriated for or

towards the Increase of the Fund by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of King William and Queen

Miry established, and by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of King Gmgt the Second and this present

Act

phis, to be ap

plied to increase

the Fund.

