142 C. 51,

Anno quinto Georgii III,

A.D. 1765,

Btt S Geo. 3.

c*j.

FreamMe, re-

citing A£h

7 Ann*,

li Geo. l.c.24.

7 Geo. s. c. 25.

and 14 Geo. u

c* 35*

The said recited

Acts repealed.

Justicei to ap-

point Searchers

and Meafurers.

When the

Searchers fn ill

measure and

feaj,

CAP. LI.

An Act for repealing several Laws relating to the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth in the

County of Torky and also so much of several other Laws as prescribes particular Standards

of Width and Length of such Woollen Cloths; and for substituting other Regulations of

the Cloth Trade within the Weft Riding of the said County, for preventing Frauds in

certifying the Contents of the Cloth, and for preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture

at the Foreign Market.

4 \WHEREAS an Act was made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen

Anne, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of the WoolUn Cloth

1 made in the County of York: And whereas another A Cl of Parliament was made and passed in the

4 Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better

6 regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Aiding of the County of York: And whereas another Act

of Parliament was made and passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

6 the Second, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of

4 his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of

4 Cloth in the Weft Riding of the County of York: And whereas another Act of Parliament was made

and passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, inti-

4 tuled, An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, To

4 explain and amend a former Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

4 George the First, for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the Weft Riding of the County

4 of York, and for making the said Acts more effectual; which said several Acts of Parliament, notwith-

4 (landing the many good Provisions and Directions therein contained, have nevertheless been found by

4 Experience not to be effectual for the preventing the Frauds, Abuses, and Deceits, which are frequently

4 used and practised in the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth within the Weft Riding of the said County of

4 York, particularly in the unreasonable stretching and draining the said Cloths; which ill Practices tend

4 very much to the debasing, undervaluing, and difereditirtg of the said Manufacture, both at Home and

4 rn Foreign Parts beyond the Seas, where great Part thereof hath been usually vended be it therefore

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That the said several recited Acts of Parliament of the eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the

First, and of the seventh and fourteenth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and every

Clause, Matter, and Thing, therein respectively contained, and so much of act and every other Act or

Acts heretofore made, as relate to the ascertaining the Length, Breadth, or Weight, of Woollen Cloths,

within the said Weft Riding of the County of York, shall, from the twenty-fourth Day of June, one

thousand seven hundred and hxty-five, be repealed.

II. And, for preventing Frauds, Deceits, and Abuses, for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace for the said Weft Riding of the County of York, (not being

Dealers in Woollen Cloth, or Occupiers of any Fulling Mill) at their next Quarter Sessions of the Peace,

to he holden for the said Riding, next after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred

and sixty-five, or at some Adjournment of the fame, and at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace,

to be holden next after Easter yearly, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to

choose and appoint so many Men, of good Character and Repute, within the said Riding, (being Persons

following, or having been brought up in the Manufacture of Woollen Cloth in the said Riding, and being

under the Age of sixty Years) as they shall think convenient, to be Searchers and Meafurers of Cloth

within the said Riding, and to appoint and station such Meafurers and Searchers so to be chosen, at such

Mills and other Places, and in such Manner as to the said Justices, at their General or Adjoufned Sessions,

shall seem meet and convenient; and shall and may assign, allow, and appoint, to the said Searchers and

Meafurers, so appointed, such yearly Salaries, as the said Justices, at their said General or Adjourned

Se flions, or the major Part of them, shall think proper.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That such of the said Searchers and Meafurers as shall be

appointed to, or stationed at, any Mill or Mills within the said Riding, shall and may, and they arc

hereby authorized and directtd, at their respective Fulling Mills, where they shall respectively be stationed

or placed, to measure all th? Cloths, and Ends or Half Cloths, which shall be there milled respectively,

at the respective Times, and in Manner herein after-mentioned; that is to say. Such Cloths or Ends as

shall he dreamed or washed in the Goit or Mill Stream of the said Mills respectively, shall be measured

within fix, and not sooner than four Hours after the fame shall be dreamed or washed; and such Cloths

or Ends as shall not be so ft earned or washed, shall be me ifured within four Hours after the fame shall

come out of the Stock; and every such Searcher and Measurer shall affix, or cause to be affixed, on one

End of every such Cloth, before it shall be carried from the Mill, a Seal of Lead, to be furnished and

provided by the Maker of such Cloth, and shall rivet the Seal, so to be affixed by him on every such

Cloth, and damp, in Words and Figures, plainly to be read and distinguished, upon the Seal or Rivet,

his Name, and the Length and Breadth of every such Cloth, together with the Number of each of such

Cloths,

