A. D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 51. 147

Tenter or Tenters, beginning at Number One, and so continuing it to the End thereof, marking and num-

bering each Yard distindtly, plainly,.and fairly to be seen, upon the Top Bar belonging to each Tenter,

on the Korefide thereof; and if any such Tenter or Tenters shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, be found not to be measured, and truly marked and numbered

as aforesaid, the Occi^prer of such Tenter or Tenters shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for each

Tenter that shall be found not so numbered and marked as aforesaid; such Penalty to be levied and reco-

vered as any other Penalty is hereby directed to be recovered and levied.

4 XXIII. And whereas the using of Cards made with Wire, or with Wire Teeth, in dressing of Cloth, Penalty on ufinf

4 hath by Experience been found to be very prejudicial to the said Woollen Manufacture Now, to the c-rd*m*<ie wi-J*

End the said Woollen Manufacture may be improved as much as possible, be it enacted by the Authority Wire

aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons, within the said Weft Riding of the said County of York, flial), 05

from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, use, or cause to

beufed, in dressing of Cloth, any Cards made with Wire, or with Teeth of Iron, or any other Metal

whatsoever; every such Person or Persons, so using the fame, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit forty

Shillings.

XXiv. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Information upon Oath shall be given How Oftrnc*

of the Offences mentioned in this Act, within the Space of twenty Days next after such Offence shall be Auli be p.ofe-

discovered ; and all and every the Offences in this Act mentioned (except such for which any other Remedy cufeJ*

is hereby provided) shall be enquired of and determined, and ConviClions thereon made upon Oath of one fcituici a;

or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace (not being a

Dealer in Woollen Cloth, nor Occupier of any Fulling Mill as aforesaid) Notice being first given of the

Charge to the Person or Persons therewith charged ; and that all such Penalties and Forfeitures as shall or

may happen by reaion of this Act, shall go and be disposed of, one Half to the Person or Persons who

ftiali give Information of the Offence on which the Conviction shall be made? and the other Half to the

Treasurer of the said Riding ; and if any Offender or Offenders shall, by the Space of ten Days next after

he or they shall be convidlcd of any of the Offences aforesaid, and have Notice thereof to him, her or them

iven, at his, her, or their Dwelling-House, or Place of Abode, refuse or neglect to pay any Forfeiture by

im, her, or them incurred, by rcafonof this Act, or shall not appeal, as is herein after provided, to the

Quarter Sessions, then, and not before, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices of the

Peace, before whom such Conviction shall be made, or any other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the

said Riding, or any Corporation within the same (not being a Dealer in Woollen Broad Cloth, or Occupier

of any Fulling Mill) upon a Certificate of such Conviction lent to him or them, from the Justice or Justices

before whom such Conviction was made; and he or they is or are hereby authorized and required to issue

cut one or more Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to the (Jon-

fhble of the Town or Place, or Bailiff or Bailiffs of the Liberties, Wapentakes, or Limits, where such

Offender or Offenders doth or shall inhabit, thereby commanding him or them to levy the same by Dif-

tress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chatties* returning the Overplus (if any be) after paying like—

wife the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Offender or Offenders demanding the fame; 2nd where

no fufheient Distress can be found, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for

any 1'imc not exceeding three Months.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That if any At>Pe«! to »he

Pc;h n or Persons dull find him, her, or themselves, aggrieved by any Order or Warrant made by any Ju 1 - Q^cer Scfiivii*.

tree or Justices, or upon any Conviction before him or them, in pursuance of this Act, such Person or

Persons may appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions to be held for the said Weft Riding of the said

County of Yok, whhh shall not be held within fourteen Days next after the Cause of Appeal shall arise,

giving ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons discovering the Offence on which the

Conviction was made ; and if the Justices at the said Quarter Sessions either confirm or disannul the Or-

tr xs or Proceedings of the said Justice or Justices, they shall allow such Colts and Charges to the Party

aggrieved thereby, as they shall think reasonable ; to be levied and paid in such Manner as is usual

in Cafes of Appeal from any Older of the Justices of the Peace to the Sessions, whole Order herein

£h,!l be fipal.

XX V”I. Ai d it is hereby enacted and declared. That the several Justices of the Pence before whom any Ji fii-ci, &c.

Conviction shall be made by virtue of this Act, as also the several SearcheiS, Meafurers, Inspectnrs, and tj traiiimicto

Suoervifors, so to he appointed, shall, and they are hereby required, at the four General Quarter Seihons ,ntg

of the Peace in and for the said Riding, held quarterly in every Year, to return and tranindt to the Juf- 0fconVitlior!*,

tice< of the Peace aficmblrd at such General Quarter Sessions, a true and perfect Account in Writing, of

all the Conticiions to be made pursuant to this Act that shall happen within their Knowledge, and of all

t/.e Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted or levied by Means or on Account thereof, which, by virtue of this

A f\ are made payable to the said Treasurer for the time being; and shall, at the lame Time, pay, or

en:!c to be paid, to the 'Treasurer for the time being, all and every Sum ar.d Sums of Money by them,

or ary of them, or for their or any of their Ufc, had or received, for, or on Account of any such Convic-

«»' n or Convictions, and which by this Act are made payable to the said Treasurer; and every Person and

Pnfi ns rir*g!c«ll!rg or refilling to return and transmit such Account, or to pay, or cause to be paid, such

Sum* of Money so by them received, or in their Hands, or any Part thereof, for the Space of twenty Days

nr\: z1fcr any of the said Sessions, and being thereof convicted upon the Oath of one or more credible

H'incfs or Witnessrs, before any two Justices of the Peace of and for the said Rifling (not being Dealer*

in Cloth, or Occupiers of any bulling Mill) shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, over and above

the several Sums by him or them received, or being in his Hands as aforesaid, to be recoveicJ, pM»L ^nd

U 2 applied.

