The TITLES of the STATUTES.

'Bunting Field Arook% in the Parish of AJloovery in the

County of Derby.

38. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, to Uttoxeter;

and from Spath to Hanging Bridge \ and from TownaWs

Lane> to Yoxall Bridge, in the said County.

”89. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading

from the Bottom of Church Laney in the Town of New-

xajllc under Line, in the County of Stafford, to the Turn-

pike Road leading from Woor to ChdUry near the Town

of Namptwichy in the County of Chester; and from Che-

Jlertan, through Audley and Balterley, to Ghorjly Hill.

50. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

Acts, made in the eighth and twenty-seventh Years of

his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road

'from Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to

the Towns of Halifax and Ealandy in the County of

York.

91. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the last

Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening the

Road from Tonbridge to Maidfloney and from Watt's Cross

to Cowderiy in the County of Kenty so far as the fame

relates to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone.

<92. An Act for amending, widening, altering, clearing,

and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the

Market Cross in the Town of Warehamy and in Purbecky

in ihe County of Dorset.

93. An Act for amending and widening the Road from the

Town of Biddendeny in the Weald of Kenty through the

Towns of Smarden and Charingy to join the Turnpike

Road which leads from Afford to Fever/hanty at a Place

called Bound Gate.

94. An Act for making the River Soar navigable from the

River Trenty to or near Loughborough, in the County of

Leicester; and for making Navigable Cuts or Canals from

the said River Soary to or near The Rujhes and the Her-

rtiitage Pooly at Loughborough aforesaid.

95. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading

from High Bullcny in IVcdnesbury, to the further End of

Darla/lon Lanty next the Portway \ and from thence

through Bil/lony to the further End of Gibbett Lane; and

several other Roads leading to and from Bilfloriy in the

County of Stafford.

96. An Act for making a navigable Cut or Canal from

jhe River Trenty at or near Wilden Ferry, in the

County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Run-

corn Gap.

97. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut

or Canal from the River Severn. between Bewdley and

Titton Brooky in the County of Worcester, to cross the

River Trenty at or near Heywood Milly in the County, of

Stafford, and to communicate with a Canal intended to

be made between the said River Trent and the River

Ale rfey.

98. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads,

leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of

Kent.

-99. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Muckley Corner to Waif all a ml Wednesbury, and to Leigh I

Brook and Ocker Hilly and several other Roads in the '

County of Stafford.

too. An Act for the better regulating and employing the

Poor; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the

Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within that

Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies

above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex, and

the Parish of Saint George the Martyr9 in the said

County.

'to 1. An Act for making the River Chelmer navigable from

the Port of Alalden to the Town of Chelmsford, in the

County of Essex.

102. An Act to enable the Principal Officers and Com-

missioners of his Majesty's Navy to carry into Execu-

tion certain Articles of Agreement made for a Lease of

Ground for the Improvement of his Majesty’s Dock

Yard at Plymouth.

PRIVATE ACTS,

Anno 6 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

1%. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common

Pastures, Lot Grounds, and Commonable Waste

Grounds, in the Parish of Great Doddingtony in the

County of Northampton.

2. An Act for naturalizing Hieronymus Henry Burmfery

John Wienholty Julius Conrad Riddery and Peter Duval.

3. An Act to enable the Right Honourable James Oswaldy

and the Right Honourable George Sackviiley commonly

called Lord George Sackviiley to take, in Great Britain,

the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver

General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s

Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify

themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common

Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the

Manor and Parish of Bladony in the County of Oxford.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor, Parish,

and Ty thing of Great TeWy in the County of Oxford.

6. An Act for confirming an Award, made for dividing

and inclosing several Common Fields and Downs, in the

Parish of Hafeltony in the County of Gloucester.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons,

Common Fields, Meadows, and Grounds, lying in the

Hamlet of Maugerfbury, in the Parish of Stow on the Wold%

in the County of Gloucester.

8. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for divid-

ing, allotting, and incTofing, the Common Field Lands,

within the Parish of Heddington, in the County of Wilts*

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common

Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor

and Parish of Thaford, otherwise Fenfcrdy in the County-

of Northampton.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open and

Common Field, called Bidford Common Fteldy within the

Parish of Bidford, in the County of Warwick.

ir. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common

Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Com-

mon Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the

Manor and Parish of Steeple AJlony in the County of Ox-

ford.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields and Common Pastures, within the Parish of /Aia/-

thamy otherwise Waltham in the Woldsy in the County of

Leicester.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields and Common Pastures, within the Parish of

Braunjlony otherwise Bran/lony in the County of Z*’/—

cejlcr.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, and Common Pastures within the Parish of Crox—

ton7 otherwise Croxton Kerialy in the County of Leicester-

15. Am

7

