554 C. 2i. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769,

or in any Lanes, Alleys, or Passages, within the said Town, on any Pretence or Occasion whatsoever,-

under the Penalty of Five Shillings for every such Offence, to be paid by the Owner or Person having

the Charge of any such Horses or Beasts, and recovered, levied, and applied, as herein after is men-

tioned; and that no Truck* Sledge, Barrow, Barrel, Tub, Stall, Trcffel, Block, Box, Chelt, Cafe,.

Living Blocks, Bag or Package of any Kind, shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, be left in any of the said Streets,

feTr. m me Lanes, Alleys, or Passages, during the Night-time, under the Penalty of Two Shillings lor very such

Streets. Offence, to be paid by the Owner and Owners thereof, or Person so leaving the fame, and recovered.

LeavingRubbil}»*cv‘ec^> an^ applied, as herein after is mentioned; and that no Dung, Lirter, Rubbish, Ashcs, or other

cr Dung. Filth whatsoever, which shal 1 be brought into, or laid in, any of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or

Passages, ir all be continued therein alter the letting of the Sun the same Day in which the fame was so

.brought out or laid therein, under the Penalty of Five Shillings for every such Offence, to be paid by

the person or Persons causing the fame to be fobrough: out and laid in the said Streets, and recovered

Dewing w>h and applied as herein after mentioned; and that no Carr, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be drawn

Dai row Wheels, upon any of the said new Pavements, with any other Tire, or larger Number of Horses‘or Bealls,

than at such l ime may lawfully pass upon Turnpike Roads, under the Penalty of Five Shillings for

every Offence, to be paid by the Owner or Driver of every such Carriage, and recovered and applied

as herein after mentioned.

Recovery *nd XXXIV. And be it fu ther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures in-

Applicanon of currcd, by reason of any of the Annoyances aforesaid, shall be levied and recovered by Distrcfs and

ren-itiM torAn- gaje Qf the Offender’s Goods and Chattels found within the said Town, by Warrant under the Hand

Horaces. anJ gcaj any One Justice of the Peace for the Parts of Lindjey in the County of Lincoln \ which War-

rant or Warrants such Justice is hereby Empowered to grant, upon Information of One or more credi-

ble Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Just ice is hereby impowered to administer); and

the Money, when recovered, after deducing the Charges of taking, keeping, and felling such Distrcfs,.

and rendering such Overplus, if any be, and be demanded, shall be paid to the Lord of the Manor of

Gainjburg aforesaid, in lieu of his Amerciaments which he might have received, had any such Offences

been presented at the Leet.

Saving to the XxXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this.

Lord Qi the M*- Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent dr hinder the Lord of the Alanor of

Gainjburg aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons, from having or taking any legal Remedy against

any Person or Persons for any Encroachments or Nuisances that are or shall be made within the said

Town, or for any of the Annoyances herein immediately before authorised to be avoided and prevented*

or in any other Manner to lessen or defeat any legal Power or Privilege, Franchise, or Authority of the

said Lord, or any of the Juries or Officers of his Courts or Lects within the said Manor (save only the

Power or Authority, if any such there shall be, of preventing or hindering, in any Respect, the Execu-

tion of this Act, or of punching any Person or Persons who (nail have been before punished by authority

* of this Act for the fame Offence); but that the said Lord, Juries, and Officers respectively, shall and

may exercise and enjoy all and every such Powers, Privileges, Franchises, and Authorities (save only and

except as before is laved) in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they have

heretofore used to do, and of Right could or might have done, in case this Act had not been made.

For purchasing XXXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law-

B«iidi*g»rowi- fu] to ancj for t|1€ said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, (being the Majority of any Meeting)*

cn t t rccts. anj t^ey are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, as they shall have Opportunity and shall think it

necessary, to contract and agFee with the Owner or Owners of any Messuage, House, Shop, Ground,

or Tenement, situate in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Passages, for the Purchase of any

such Messuage, House, Shop, Ground, or Tenement, or any Part or Parts thereof respedVvely, and to

pay and apply Part of the Money intended to be borrowed by the Authority of this for the Pur-

chafe thereof; and to take down such Messuage, House, Shop, or Tenement, or any Part thereof rc—

speddively, and lay the Ground whereon the fame was situate, or such other Ground as aforesaid, into any

of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or Passages: Provided, that the said Trustees-(hall not give more than

Twenty-five Years Purchase for any such Messuage, House, Shop, Ground, or Tenement, or any Part

thereof respectively, according to the real and true yearly Rent or Value thereof.

Luting. XXXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when all the said Streets,

Lanes, Alleys, and Passages, in the said Town shall be new paved and completed, or sooner, if the Ma-

jority of all the said 'Trustees shall think proper and shall so order and diredi, it shall and may be lawful

to and for the said Trustees, and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered and authorised

to apply any Part of the Monies arising by this Act in the purchasing, providing, fixing, and renewing,

of such and so many Lamps of such Sizes and Sorts, and such and so many Polls, Irons, and other Ma-

terials for fixing thereof, as may be thought requifuc and necessary for the lighting all or any of the Streets,

Lancs, Alleys, and Passages, in the said Town, and may at any Meeting order, diredi, and cause such

Lamp* to be set up within the said Town of Gainsburgh, in such Manner, and in such Places, and afc

such Distances One from the other, as they the said Trustees, or any Tive or more of them, shall, from

Time to Time, think proper; and may also con radt with any Person or Persons for the lighting of all

such Lamps at such Seasons of the Year, and at such Hours of the Evening, as they shall think necessary;

and may pay ami apply any Part of the Monies arising by this Aci (with the Con Cent of the Creditors

who

