i24 C. 46.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

A.D. 176$.

in Scotland,

ivh*re notother-

y*ile provided

ft.

Limitstinnasto

the Time* of

Execution of

Warrants for

Lilt refs, upon

Conviction of

Offenders.

The Gfounds of

A pieals to be

made to the

Ba nns of the

E ichequer at

Edinburgh j

m3 m to be

lodged wi h the

Original Pro-

cteamgi.

Appellant to

give in his Rea-

son< of Appeal,

tr.d Bond to pro*

fecu’e, r c.

otherwise the

Judgement to

jLnd good.

■Where the Rea-

sons of Appeal

Hull be duly

lodged, Ate. the

Cteik. of the

Court is to t'auf-

init a Co| y of

the Ori(. inal

Prc.cerdi gs and

Sent nee to the

Sojlicitor of the

Stamp Duties at

Edinburgh, with

the Realons of

Appeal, and the

Bond, Arc. to

be lodged in

the OHke of the

and such AeoenJ

may be hc«id in

or out ot Teim.

Full C #fts to be

allowed, if the

Appeal is diu

milled, or the

Senttncc ah

ft 1 ltd ;

to be h-vltd 1 y

Diihei&«nd 5ale.

Pu”lick OTcc-s

li" 1 w in their

C mT .<!y i iy

ii«< 1.1 or I ers,

w 1» < h rt.uv tend

to lec-ne me

Su 1 d D ltK«,

I Ol.CCVwi Any

shall sue.or prosecute for the fame; and may be recovered and levied either by the usual Execution of the

Law of Scotland^ or by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chatties of the Offender (rendering to him or

her the Overplus, alter the Charges of the said Distress and Sale shall be deducted) by a Warrant signed

by the Judge or Magistrate before whom such Offender fh ill be convicted, and which Warrant shall con-

tain Power to enter Houses, and break open Doors, in order to make such Distress effectual, and may be

carried into Execution without NecetTny of any previous Intimation of the Conviction; any Thing in the

aforesaid AiSt to the conttaiy notwithstanding.

XXXV. Provided always. That no such Warrant for Distress shall be carried into Execution, till after

the Expiration of fix Days after the Conviction of every such Offender; and the Clerk or Clerks of the

respective Courts aforesaid, before whom any Conviction for any of the Offences aforesaid shall proceed,

shall, and they are hereby required, carefully to preserve the whole Grounds and Warrants of every such

Conviction amongst the other Records of such Court; and shall not be obliged to return or certify the

fame to any other Court; any Thing in the aforesaid Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

such Warrants to be prclcrved on Record.

XXXVI. And whereas the Appeal to the Quarter Sessions allowed by the aforesaid Act, has been found

inconvenient and improper, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth Day

of Novrn.ber, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, it shall and may be lawful to any Person or

Persons who shall think him, her, or themselves, aggrieved, by the Sentence or Decree of any Judge of

Magistrate convicting him, her, or them, of any of the Offences aforesaid described in this Act, within

three Days after the Date of such Decree or Sentence, to appeal to the Barons of his Majesty’s Court of

Exchequer at Edinburgh; which Appeal fha'l either be taken in open Court in the Presence of the Judge

or Magdlrate who shall have pronounced the Decree or Sentence appealed from, by a Writing signed by

the Appellant or his Procurator, or at the Office of th<- Clerk of such Court, by a Writing signed as

aforesaid; all which Appeals, the Clerk of such Court shall carefully lodge and preserve along with the

Proceedings in the Original Suit; and the Person or Persons so appealing shall, within fix Days after

lodging such Appeal, give in to the Clerk of the said Court his Reasons of Appeal, and a Bond with

a sufficient Suiety to prosecute the said Appeal with Effcdl, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded

against him, her, or them, in case the Appeal shall be dismissed, or the Sentence or Decree appealed from

be affirmed; and which Reasons of Appeal and Bond shall likewise be lodged and nreferved by the said

Clerk along with the Proceedings in the Original Suit; and in case the Person or Persons so appealing,

shall neglect to give in his Reasons of Appeal and Bond to prosecute the fame as above required, the

Appeal shall be holden as pailed from, and the Sentence or Decree against which the Appeal was taken,

shall to all Intents and Purposes become final, and he carried into Execution according to the Direction!

of this Act; and in case the Reasons of Appeal and Bond for prosecuting the fame, shall be duly lodged

as aforesaid, the Clerk of the Court appealed from shall, and is hereby required, within fourteen Days

after the Date of such Appeal, to transmit to the Sol!icitor of the Stamp Duties at Edinburgh) a full

Extract of the whole Proceedings in the Original Suit, and of the Decree or Sentence following thereupon,

and of the Appeal, and Reasons of Appeal, and Bond for prosecuting the fame, duly signed by him or

his lawful Deputy, for which he shall be i n titled to receive the ordinary Fees of an ex trailed Decree;

and which Extract the Soil ici for of the Stamp Djtics shall immcffat-lv lodge in the Office of the King’s

Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer; and so ffoon as such Extract shall be so lodged, it shall and

may be lawful to either Party, Appellant or Respondent, to apply to the Bar ms of the said Court, or

any one of them, as well out of Term as in Term Time, in order to h ive a Day appointed for hearing

and determining such Appeal; and the said Barons, or any of them, shall accordingly appoint such Day

as they shall think proper, of which due Notice shall be given determined by the Party who applied for such Day,

to the other Party in the said Appeal, ten Days at least before the Day appointed for hearing and deter-

mining such Appeal.

Kind’s Remembrancer, See. ar.d the Barons are thereupon to appoint a Day for Hearing j

XXXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Barons, or any one of them,

{lull, and he or they is or arc hereby impowert.d, as well out of Term Time as in Term Time, to hear

and determine such Appeal, and to give lucii Judgement thereupon, as to them or him shall seem just;

and to award Full Costs of Suit, in case the Appeal shall be dismissed, or the Sentence or Decree appealed

from shall be affirmed; which Judgement shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, and subject to no

other Review whatsoever; anvl the said Barons, or any one of them, who shall give such Judgement, may

and (lull grant Warrant for levying the Sum or Sums of Money by such Judgement, by Distress and Sale

of the Goods and Chattels of the Pc; fun or Persons against whom such Judgement shall be given, and his,

her, or their Surety or Sureties and for such other Execution of the Law in the fame Way and Manner

as the inferior Judge or Magjftme, before whom the Oiiginal Suit was brought, might have done for

levying any of the Penalties inflicted by this Act.

XXXV III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Publick Officers in Great

Britain, who shall, from time to time, have in their LVftndv any Books, Papers, Files, Records, Remem-

brances, Dockets, Papers, and Proceedings, the Sight or Knowledge whereof may tend -to the securing

;viy of his Majesty’s Stamp Duties, or to the Proof or Discovery of any Fraud or Omission in relation

thereto, or to any of them, shall, at any fcafftvnhlc Time or Times, permit and suffer any Officer and

Officers th.-reunto authorized by the Commissioners for the time being appointed to manage those Duties,

or the major Part of them, to inspeci and view all such Books, Files, Records, Remembrances, Dockets,

Papers,

c.

