352

shall not make

way for loaded

Carriages; for-

feits, if not the

C. 42.

Anno septimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1767.

maihti . uwii ujf any ivimci ww,

judge it necessary to appoint a Sca-

5 shall and may, from time to time,

not exceeding one Month, at the Discretion of such Justice: And every such Driver, offending in either

of the said Cafes, shall and may, by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, be apprehended

by any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed; and shall be immediately conveyed orde-

o'wnrr, any Sum livered to a Constable, or other Peace Officer, in order to be conveyed before some Justice of the Peace, to

not exceed 1 m be dealt with according to Law.

10 s. and if the

Owner, any Sum not exceeding 20 s. or may be committed; and any Person may apprehend him, and deliver him to a Constable, to be dealt with according t»

Law,

Justices, at their XLIV. And be it further enacted, That where the Tuftices of the Peace in any City or Market

General or Town, not having already efftdual Provision made for such City or Market Town by any former Law,

^*rtaerSo<:||,tons, or the major Part of them, at their General or Quarter Sessions, shall ‘

^cawngc^for venger or Scavengers for cleansing the Streets therein, the said Justices

any City or nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think fitting for that Purpose; and alfoto

Market Town order the repairing of such Streets therein as they shall judge necessary; and, for defraying the Charges

for which no Je- thereof, an Assessment or Assessments, not exceeding six Pence in the Pound in one Year, mall and may,

*readyVmade * from l*me to t'me> be equahy made-upon all and every the Occupiers of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and

mike Order Hereditaments, in the respsdive Parishes wherein such Streets shall lie, within such Cities or Market

fir repairing the Towns; and such Assessment or Assessments shall and may, from time to time, be made by such Person or

Streets; and Persons, and levied and collected in such Manner, as the said Justices, by their Order at such Sessions,

,nak,nB A,rdr" shall direct and appoint in that Behalf; and the Money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted

fYavung tlieC* for according to the Orders and Directions of the said Tuftices, for and towards the repairing and cleans-

ChVrges thereof, ing the said Streets from time to time: And the said Assessments, being allowed under the Hands and

to becoiiefted, Seals of such Justices, shall and may be levied, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, by Distrefsand

employed, and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Persons not paying the fame within eight Days after demanded,

th^Tilea-ind rene^er’ng the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner; the necessary Charges of making, keeping, and felling,

t/be levied5by” such Distress, being first deduded.

their Warrant.

juaices may hold XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more Justices of the

a Spccul seili- peace for any County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, Precind, or Liberty, and they are hereby

theyThhfkpro- impowered, from time to time, whenever they shall judge proper, to hold any Special Sessions, besides

per; for the Pur. that which is herein before directed, for executing the Purposes of this Act.

Pe^son^forcibi^* XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall redd, or make forcible

opposing the Opposition against, any Person or Persons employed in the due Execution of this Act; or shall hinder,

Execution of this or attempt to prevent or obstrud, tKe seizing or deftraining of any Horse hereby directed to be forfeited

in^the rn^kimt" for ^ Offences herein before mentioned; or make any Rescue of Cattle, or other Goods, distrained by

a^eizure or Dif- virtue of this Act; or if any Constable, Headborough, or Tythingman, shall refuse or neglect to execute

tress, or refeuing or obey any Warrant or Precept granted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, pursuant to the Direc-

Cattie, or other tions of this Act; every such Person offending therein, and being convicted thereof, shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the

Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom he or she shall be so convicted; to be paid to the Surveyor

or Surveyors of the Highway of the Parish, Township, or Place, where the Offence was committed, to

be laid out in the Repair of the Highway: And in case he or she do not forthwith pay, or secure to be

paid, the said Forfeiture, after such Conviction; then it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Juf-

ticcs of the Peace to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Corredion of the

County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, Precind, or Liberty, where such Offence shall be com-

mitted, there to remain for any Time not exceeding three Months, unless the said Forfeiture shall be

sooner paid.

Goods; and

Constables not

duly executing

the Warrant or

Precept of any

Justice; forfeit

not exceeding

30 1. nor less

than 40 s. and

on Non-pay-

ment, may he

com mi ted for

3 Months.

Penalties, For-

feitures, and

Charges, not

otherwise di-

reded, to be le-

vied by Distress

and Sale.

Application

thereof.

For want of

Du!refs. Sec.

Offender to be

commuted.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed for any

Offence against the fame, and all Costs and Charges to be allowed and ordered by the Authority of this

Ad, (the Manner of levying and recovering of which is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall

be levied by Distress and sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, or Person liable or ordered to

pay the fame respectively, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of some Justice of the Peace for the

County, Riding, Division, or Place, where such Offence, Neglect, or Default, shall happen, or such

Order for Payment of such Costs or Charges shall be made, rendering the Overplus of such Distress, if

any, to the Party or Parties, after deduding the Charges of making the same; which Warrant such

Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant upon Conviction of the Offender by Confcfllon, or upon

the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon Order made as aforesaid; and the Penal-

ties and Forfeitures, when so levied, shall be paid, the one half to the Informer, and the other half to the

Surveyor of the Highway where such Offence, Neglect, or Default* shall happen; to be employed to-

wards the Repair thereof, unless otherwise directed by this Act: And in case such Distress cannot be found,

and such Penalties and Forfeitures, or the said Costs or Charges, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and

may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required,-by Warrant under his Hand and

Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable to pay the fame respectively, ro

the Common Gaol or House of Corredion of the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where the Offence

shall be committed, or such Order as aforesaid shall be made, for any Time not exceeding three Months;

unless the said Penalty, Forfeiture, Costs, or Charges, shall respectively be sooner paid: And if such

Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable or ordered to pay the fame respectively, shall live out

8 of

