C* 39> 4®*

Anno decimo Georgii Ifl.

A.D. 1770.

Treasury to appoint a

JVilon to receive Re-

turn* thrre,) who is to

inttr tbrm in Boole,

and puhlifti them, or

Abstracts thereof,

762

Pcfona r aUinf Re- V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person.making such Rcturits

taros ro b« paid cu: of (except from the City of London) shall be intituled to, aiKi {hall receive such Sum and Sums of Mo-

Cuurvy Ra^s. ney for his Care and Trouble therein, as the Justices of the Peace so assembled as aforesaid shall

rclpeftively order and direct, not exceeding Two Shillings for each Return, to be paid Quarterly

out of the publick Rates for each County, Riding, Divinon or Stewartry; which Sum and Sums

of Money the Treasurer of such County, Riding, Division, or Stewartry, is hereby authorised and

required to pay out of the publiclc Stock of such County, Riding, Division, or Stewartry, upon

receiving a Certificate from the Person authorised to receive such Returns, that the lame hav-c been

made according to the Directions of this Act, and upon the Receipt of Duplicates of such Returns

Rusiiotrs of Returns which Duplicates, the Persons making the same are hereby required to deliver or transmit to the

to b- ij;d before Judi- Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for each respective County, Riding, Division, or Stewartry,

cm lour Times a year. four Times in every Year, to be laid before the Justices of the Peace at ihcir next General or Quar-

ter-fdlions assembled.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Treasurer, dr

the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for die Time bein<?, {hall, from l ime to Time, ap-

point a fit Person to receive such Returns at the Treasury (the First Appo ntmenc to be made before

the First Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and publiftied Eight Times at

the least in the London Gazette); and such Person {hall, and is hereby required to enter, or cause

wctkiy, in the London such Returns to be entered fairly in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and Once in

Gazette» every Week to cause the fame, or an Abllraft thereof, in the Manner and Form that shall b: ap-

nd likfuifc Times a proved of by the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three Commissioners of His Mai city's Treafuny

Vfjr, certify to the for the Time being, to be publiftied in the London Gazette; and {hall a!so Four 7'im.s in every

*!c ki\°c RKumi^made ^ear transmit a Certificate to the Clerk of the Peace for each rJpcaive County, RiJit g, Divfion*

fr«^m their vc a n ^ Stewartry, and to the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, of the Returns

Counti:s, &c. which have been made by the fevered Persons appointed to make the fame within such County,

Riding, Division, or Stewartry; and also whether the lame were regularly made according to the

Directions of t. is Act.

Person*appointed by the VII. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person-appointed to receive

Trejh.ry, rxonptsd the Lid Returns at the Treasury, (nail receive and fend all his Letters and Packets free from the

fion> PoiUgt. Duty of Postage, in the lame Manner, and under such Reflations, as any Person or Persons ap*

painted by the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for that Purpose,. now fend

and receive the same in pursuance of an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, in-

tituled, 4 An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Let*.

Act Geo. ijl c. 24. ters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage 5* any Law or Statute to the contrary notwich-

flandrng.

Account of (Vamitfcs VIII. And be It further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Treasurer, or

i C m exposed the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being {hall, and they are hereby required to order

and imported, and direct, that an Account of the Quantities of all Corn and Grain exported and imported from

and of Bounties and Du- and into Great Britain, together with an Account of all Bounties and Duties paid and received

l^tran^ be transm*tted annually by the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland re-

by commissioneo y spectively, and be registered in proper Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Person appointed to

Cuflcms in England and receive the Returns of the Prices from the several Counties as aforesaid.

Scothid. Entr «s to IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance from the passing thereof^

made the eof. for an(j dutjner the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of

Act, .0 continue « ParHalncnu

for«< 7 Ycajj.

CAP. XL.

Act Aft for appropriating a Fund, established by an Act made in the Seventh Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional

Duties on certain Foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, and for ejlabhjbing a Fund

for the encouraging of the Raising and Dr effing of Hemp and Flan.

Preamble,reciting Act 7 \K7 HEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty*

0eo. HU 58, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Foreign Linens im-

4 ported into this Kingdom, and for ejlablfiling a Fund for the encouraging of the Raising and Drejfing of

4 Hemp and Flax, it is enacted, that a Sum not exceeding Fifteen thoulaiid Pounds per Annum, arising

4 from the Duties by the said Act granted, {hall be kept apart in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Ex-

4 chequer, as a Fund for the Encouragement of raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in this King-

$lom, in such Way and Manner as Parliament should thereafter direct: And whereas such Di-

4 rection is now become requisite for answering the salutary Purposes of the said Act: May it there^

4 fore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

His Majesty impowertdj Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

to dirc£t the Distribu- mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it {hall and

fen of 80001. per Ann. may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, from Time to Time, and at all

&C. for encouraging the Times hereafter, by His or Their Royal Sign Manual for that Purpose, and countersigned by the

k«u!8d Fla*. ing°f Conuuissioners of His Majesty’* Treasury now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of

them*

