A.D. 1765. Anno quirito Georgii III. C. 46. 119

XIV. And be it also enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, from and after the and the Seiieror

passing of this Act, fell or buy any such Ace of Spades, Jew, or Wrapper, in order to be made use of in, f^l^Ace*0/

about, or for the inclosing, any Pack or Parcel of Cards; every Person so offending shall, for every such 5?cades^rVw>

Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds. in order to oe

so made ufs of, forfeits also aol.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if either the Buyer or Seller but either Party

of any such Ace of Spades, Jew, or Wrapper, shall inform against the other Party concerned in buying ^mitted^o

or felling such Ace of Spades, Jew, or Wrapper; the Party so informing shall be admitted to give Evi- *f* gl'ycne*,

dence against the Party informed against, and shall be indemnified against the Penalties so by him or and be indem*

her incurred. nified.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever shall reland, Penalty on frau-

or cause or procure to be relanded, any Parcel of Cards, after the fame shall be entered and shipped for dulently re.

Exportation in any Port or Place, other than the Port or Place to which such Cards are consigned, every ,anljn8 Cards

such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds. ' i.cols

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person concerned in andanyofthc

the relanding of such Exportation Cards, shall inform against any other Party concerned, the Person so Partes inform-

informing shall be admitted to give Evidence against the Party informed against, and shall be indemnified ing fcailbc ad.

against the Penalties so by him or her incurred. Evidence and

4 XVIII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Ma- clause in Act

4 jesty Queen Anney intituled, Ai\ At7 for the laying certain Duties upon Candles'\ and certain Rates upon 9 Aadx, c. 9*

Monies to be given with Clerks and Apprentices, towards railing her Majestys Supply for the Year one thousand

t ftiten hundred and ten, the Duty, Rate, or Sum of (ix Pence, for every twenty Shillings of every Sum

€ of fifty Pounds or under; and the Duty, Rate, or Sum of one Shilling, for every twenty Shillings of

4 all and every Sum and Sums amounting to more than fifty Pounds, which should be given, paid, con-

4 trafted, or agreed for, with, or in relation to, every Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant, which should be^

4 within the Kingdom of Great Britain, put or placed to or with any Master or Mistress, to learn any

4 Profession, Trade, or Employment, ana proportionably for greater or letter Sums, was charged and

imposed on the said Masters or Miftreffe9 respectively: And whereas great Inconveniencies arise in col-

4 lefting the said Duties, for want of proper Entries being made and kept by the Chamberlain and other

4 proper Officers of Cities and Corporate Towns, and Companies, of the Names of the Master or Mif-

4 tress, and Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant; the Place of Abode of such Master or Mistress \ the Date of

the Indenture, Covenant, Articles, or Contraft; the Sum of Money given, paid, contrafted>or agreed;

4 for, and the Profession, Trade, or Employment, which such Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant, is to learn */

For remedying whereof, be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and Where the Free-

after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and (ixty-five, every Chamberlain and other dom of 9ity

proper Officer of every City and Corporate Town and Company, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, obuined^Ser-

where any Clerk or Apprentice, or Servant, obtains his Freedom by Servitude, shall fairly write and enter vituj”C the er~

in some Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, the Names of all such Clerks, Apprentices, and Ser- chan t*?rhin, or

vants, as shall be put or placed out within the Jurisdiction of such City or Town Corporate, and also other proper

the Names and Places of Abode of the Masters or Miftresses, and the Sums of Money given, paid, con- Officer, i-torn-'

trafted, or agreed for, with, or in relation to, such Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, and the Profession, o7a\i PersonV

Trade, or Employment, which they are respectively to learn; and the Dates of the Indentures, Cove- pur wt cicks,

nants. Articles, or Contrafts, by which such Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, are respectively put and Apprentices, or

placed out; and if any Chamberlain or other proper Officer shall neglect or refuse to make any such Entry, Servants, with

in Manner as above set forth, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds. Abode*of the^

Matters, the Apprentice Fees, and Dates of the Indentures, &c. on Forfeiture of aol.

XIX. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all printed Indentures, and the follow.

Covenants, Articles, or Contrafts, for binding Clerks or Apprentices in Great Britain, after the said ,neNor,cct0l,<r.

fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty^five, (nall have the following Notice of Memo- i^n-

randum printed under the fame; videlicet; turcs,&c.

c ^ i 'HE Indenture, Covenant, Article, or Contraft, must bear Date the Day it is executed; and what (ThcNotce.)

Jl Money or other Thing is given or contracted for with the Clerk or Apprentice, must be inserted

in Words at Length; and the Duty paid to the Stamp Office, if in London, or within the Weekly Bills

of Mortality, within one Month after the Execution, and if in the Country, and out of the said Bills of

4 Mortality, within two Months, to a Distributor of the Stamps, or his Substitute; otherwise the Inden-

ture will be void, the Master or Mistress forfeit fifty Pounds, and another Penalty, and the Apprentice*

be disabled to follow his Trade, or be made free.*

And if any Printer, Stationer, or other Person or Persons, shall fell, or cause to be sold, any such Inden-

ture, Covenant, Article, or Contraft, without such Notice or Memorandum being printed under the.*

fame; then, and in'every such Cafe, such Printer, Stationer, or other Person or Persons, shall, for every on Forfeiture

such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds. of lcl*

4 XX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late clause in Act

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An All for granting to his Alajejly a Duty upon Licences for 29Cco,x.c. 13*

6 4'retailing

