43

A.D. 1765.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

C. 23, 24*

The Allowance

of 31. per Cent*

per Annum, on

the Capital cm*

ployed by the So-

ciety, and the

Hounty of 50 s,

per Ten on the

Vessels employ-

ed in the Fishe-

ries, granted by

the recited A£U,

continued for the

further Term of

four Yean,

€ of thirty Shillings per Ton is by the said two several Acts, or either of them, directed to be paid: And

whereas the Terms, for which the said Allowance and Bounty were respectively granted, will expire the

twenty-second Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and the Term of the said

c Charter will not expire until the twenty-second Day of Ofiober9 one thousand seven hundred and seventy-

c one: And whereas it is necessary, for the further Encouragement of the British White Herring Fifticries,

1 that the said Allowances and Bounty should be continued May it therefore please your Majesty, that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre sent Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That the said Allowance of three Pounds per Centum per Annum granted

by the said several Aits, and also the Bounty of fifty Shillings per Ton granted by the said Ail of the

thirtieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the respective Terms therein mentioned, shall

be continued for the further Term of four Years, to be computed from and immediately after the Expi-

ration of the said respective Terms for which the fame were respectively granted as aforesaid; and shall

be paid and payable, for the said further Term of four Years, to the said Society, and to such other Per-

son or Persons as are or may be respectively intitled to the said Allowance, by virtue of or under the said

several Acts, in such Manner, and by such Person and Persons, and out of such Monies, as the fame are

now payable, by virtue of, or under the said several Acts, or any of them.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for granting Annuities, to be attended with a Lottery, to futisfy and drfeharge certain Navy,

Victualling, and Transport Bills; and for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking

Fund. EXP.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to oblige Agents for Prize Money to account for such Sums of Money as remain in

their Hands unclaimed, the Property of any of his Majesty’s Land Forces; and for the

Application thereof.

c ^WHEREAS several Sums of Prize Money, the Property of his Majesty’s Land Forces, remain Preamble.

€ W unclaimed in the Hands of the several Agents, and no Provision is made for the Distribution of

the fameMay it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Colonels, Commissionert

for the time being, of the Regiments which were employed in any Service during the late War, where for exar"ln,ns

the Captures became the Property of his Majesty’s Land Forces; the Adjutant General of his Majesty’s ^ccountsof

Forces for the time being, the Right Honourable the Lord Viscount Barrington in the Kingdom of Ireland, prirc Money

the Honourable Colonel JVtlliam Howe, Peter Burr el Esquire, Colonel John Burgoyne9 and Colonel Isaac due to his Ma-

Barri9 shall be, and they arc hereby declared to be, Commissioners for the examining, Hating, and set- 3eftP#

tling, all Accounts of such Prize Money due to any of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and so remaining un- Forcc#'

claimed in the Hands of any Agent or Agents.

II. And, for the better enabling the said Commissioners to examine, state, and settle, such Accounts, PoAer iJvcn

be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Commissioners, or any three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to summon before them, c senU'

at such Time ai»d Place as in and by the said Writing shall be expressed, any Agent or Agents, or other :o produce their

Person concerned in the Receipt of such Prize Money as aforesaid; and to order such respective Agents Book*, Ac-

to produce, upon Oath, all Books, Accounts, and Vouchers, neccfi'ary for the Information of the said counl*>an*

Commissioners in the Premiflcs: And if any Agent, or other Person, shall refuse to comply with such

Summons, or to produce such respective Books, Accounts, or Vouchers, as aforesaid, and to give the arvJ to’^vc jn.

Commissioners such Information, upon Oath, as he is able, in the Premifl'es; every such Agent or such formation in tht

Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; to be recovered Premiirr*

and applied in Manner herein after mentioned. thfyare

to obrr, on Pe-

nalty of 500].

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the said Accounts of unclaimed urcn failing

Prize Money shall be adjusted and Icttled, the said Agents, in whose Hands the fame shall appear to be, the Accents

{hall immediately pay over the said unclaimed Prize Money into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or ll*c Agri.ttare

such other Person or Persons as they, or any three or more of them, shall order and direct; who (lull Vjthc*

immediately, or as soon thereafter as conveniently may be, pay such Part of the Prize Money, so remain-

ing unclaimed in each Company, to the respective Persons who were Captains of the several Companies, or ihm Order*

to whom such Prize Money shall appertain, at the Time of the Surrender of the Place at which such who »c to r«p*y

Prize Money was acquired; or, in case of the Drath of such Captains, or any of them, then such Piize ,hc fjme so the

Money shall be paid to the Widows, or Heirs at Law, of such Captains respectively, whose respective

Receipts thereof shall be a Discharge to the said Commissioners for the fame; and such Captains, Cap- on>pa*

t.dns Widows, or Heirs at Law, shall and are hereby required, upon Demand thereof made by the several or. in case of

Persons intitled to the respective Shares of any Prize Money in their Hands, their Heirs, Executors, or the

Administrators, to pay over such Share of the said Prize Money to such Persons so intiilcd to the fame: “

G a

And

Hein U Law d

