The TITLES of

in the Township of Sutton, and Parish of Norton, in

the East Riding of the County of York.

53. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, certain

Open Fields, Lands, and Commons, within rhe Towo-

ship of Sheriff Hutton and IVejl LiLing, in the Parish of

Sheriff Hutton, in the County of York.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open

Grounds, lying in Ojbaldwick, with Gate Helmjlcy and

and Peter land Row, in the County of York.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Grounds,

within the Manor and Pasture of Walfmgham, in the

County Palatine of Durham.

56. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Augustus Henry

Duke of Grafton, with the Honourable Liddell his

now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for

other Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John IVorgan, with

Sarah Mackelcan. his now Wife; and to enable him to

marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act for felling the Capital Messuage or Mansion

House, called Percy Lodge, and divers Lands and Here-

ditaments in the County of Bucks, devised by the Will

of the md Noble Frances late Duchess Dowager of

Somerset; and for laying out the Money arising by such

Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments,

to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

59. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate, devised

and directed to be purchased, by the Will of Henry

Earl of Shelburne, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased,

and in Token-house Yard, London, in Trustees, to be sold

or mortgaged; and for laying out the Money arising by

Sale or Mortgage thereof, in the Purchase of Manors,

Lands, or Hereditaments, in England, to be settled to

, the Uses of his said Will; and for enabling the Persons

therein mentioned to giant such Leases as arc therein

> expreflld.

60. An Act for changing and altering the Course of De-

cent of Copyhold Estates held (of the Manor of Wo-

verley, in the County of Worcester) from the Nature

of Borough English, to the Courie of Descent according

to Common Law.

61. An Act to enable the Reverend Christopher Wilson,

, Doctor in Divinity, Prebendary of the Cathedral Church

of Saint Paul, London, to make and grant, unto the

Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of

London, a Lease of the Prebendal Estate of Halliwell

and Finsbury, in the Suburbs of the said City, for a

Term of ninety-nine Years.

62. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of John Barrow,

in rhe County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold for the

Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

63. An Act for vesting the Real Estates of Richard Chi-

chester Esquire, deceased, in England, in Trustees, to

be fold, to raise Money, to be applied to pay off the

Legacies charged upon and affecting the fame, and the

Imereft thereof, under the Direction of the Court of

Chancery; and for the other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

64. An Act to impower Anthony Chapman, Esquire, to

grant Leases of Part of his settled Estates in the County

of Middlesex, and City of London.

65. An Act for dividing the Vicarage of Kingston upon

Thames, in the County of Surrey, with the several Cha-

pelries or Curacies thereunto belonging, or thereon de-

pendent, into two separate Vicarages, and two separate

the STATUTES.

perpetual Curacies, in such Manner as is therein

mentioned.

66. An Act to enable the Corporation of the City of

Bristol, to exchange the Building of the Hospital called

J$ucen Eiifabctb's Hospital, for the Building called The

Bartholomew's, in the said City; and for altering the

Times for holding Bristol Fairs.

67. An Act for inclosing and dividing several Woods and

Woodlands, and a certain Close or Parcel of Land or

Ground, called IVejl Coat Wood Close, and the Commons

and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Saint Cq~

ti)urine End, in the Parish of Ryflip, in the County of

Middlesex.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common

Arable Fields, Common Pastures* and other inclosed

Grounds, within the Township of Youlthorpe, in the

East Riding of the County of York.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

Meadows, Ings, Stinted Pastures, and other Lands and

Grounds, within the Manor of Poppleton, and a*Piece

of Waste Ground called Scaglethorpe Moor, in the Ma-

nor of Scaglethorpe, all in the County of the City of

York.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields,

Grounds, Commons, and Wastes, within the Town-

ship of Ebberfton, in the County of York, and for other

Purposes therein mentioned.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Ara-

ble Fields, Meadow Grounds, Commons, Pastures, and

other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the

Township of Hutton Cranswick, in the East Riding of

the County of York.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common

Arable Fields in the Moor or Common, within the

Township of Haxby, in the North Riding of the County

of York.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

and other Commonable Lands, and Grounds, in the

Hamlet of Knuflon, in the Parish of Irchester, in the

County of Northampton

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-

mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Orton,

in the County of Westmoreland.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields and Commonable Lands, in the Parishes

of Chipping Norton and Salford, in the County of

Oxford.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor, or Com-

mon, called Throughend Common, in the Parish of Elf don,

in the County of Northumberland.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields of Fleckney, in the County of Leicester.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Downs, and Com-

monable Lands, lying within the Manors andParishes

of Hotyrood Ampney otherwise Ampney Cruris, and Ampney

Mary otherwise Ashbrook, in the County of Gloucester.

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Cotot

mon Fields of Thuljhn, otherwise Thurlflon, in the

County of Leicester.

So. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and

Waste Grounds of the Township of Wiggington, in the

County of York.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Fields, Arable Lands, and Waste Grounds, withm the

several Manors and Lordships of Laughton-en-le-Mortben,

Slade-Hooton, and Hooton-Slade, in the Parish of Laugh-

tan~

