A.D. 1765.

Anno quinto Georgii IN.

C. 46.

117

4 III. And whereas it has been a common Practice to make one Policy of Assurance on Ship?, Cargoes,

4 or both, leive for several and distinct Purposes, to the great Diminution of his Majesty’s Revenue to

prevent which for the future, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth

Day of J'ly, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if the Properties of more than one Person in any

Ship, Cjrgo, or both, or of more than a particular Number of Persons in General Partnership, or of more

th^n one Body Politick or Corporate, to a greater Amount in the whole than the Sum of one hundred

Pounds in any Ship, Cargo, or both, be allured on the fame Policy, such Policy {hall be void, and the

Premium paia thereon shall Remain the Pioperty of the Afliircr 5 and that if any Rilque or Adventure,

d.ilmct from the Risque or Adventure mentioned in the original Policy, and upon which any further I rc-

iru;m shall be given, {hall be, by any Writing or Declaration not duly {lamped, added to the said original

PoLcy, such additional Assurance shall be void, and the Premium paid thereon shall remain the Property

ci the Afliircr.

* Inforer j and in like Manner, in case of any additional A durance

Fom ifter

5 Mv 176<»

here t.ic Pro-

pel ti s of ir.ore

than < Pci Ion,

Sec. in a i>h p,

«>r C irpo, or

l»«'th, l7i.il! be

✓.diired for up-

*arti$ of ico !.

in tlu* P»-

li* y, the I they

is viid, and the

Premium re-

n ai:<s to the

not duly ftjrrpt.

IV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to assure, or cause to be assured, the Properties of Any Number

any Number of Persons whatsoever, in any Ship, Cargo, or both, by one Policy damped with five Stamps policy,

of five Shillings each; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. whh^estampt

of 5 1. each. See Statr 7 Geo. 3. c. 44. 8 Geo. 3. c. 15.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Allowance after the Rate of fix The former Al-

Pounds in the hundred Pounds per Annum for six Months, directed to be made by several Acts of Parlia- ^cent on*

ment passed in the first, ninth, tenth, and twelfth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the twelfth j^omptPayment

Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King 0fti,c Duties, to

George the Second, to every Person who {hall at one Time bring to be stamped, or buy of the Commit- ccau j

sioners for managing the Stamp Duties, Paper or Parchment, the Duties whereof {hall amount to ten

Pounds and upwards, after the Rate of six Pounds in the hundred Pounds ter Annum for six Months, upon

the present Payment of the said Duties, {hall, from and after the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven

hundred and sixty-five, ccafe and determine.

VI. And it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said from and

and fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, instead and in lieu of such Allowance, there 4ft" 5 Jj*1^

frail be allowed and paid in Great Britain to every Person who {hall at any one Time bring to be stamped, £'nt5, Jnj/!0

or buy of the said Commissioners, Parchment or Paper, the Duties whereof {hall in the whole amount to an0\ved in lieu

ten Pounds or upwards, after the Rate of four Pounds in the one hundred Pounds per Annum for six Months, thereof,

upon the present Payment of the said Duties, at the Head Office for marking or {lamping of Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper.

Vil. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Act 10 Anna?,

4 Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Pater made in Great Rritain, c* *9«

€ zr in ported into the fame \ and upon chequered andJlriped Linens imported \ and upon certain Silks, Ca/licoes,

4 Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or Jlained\ and upon several Kinds of stamped Vellum, Parchment, and

4 Pa'er; and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets, and Advertisements \ for raising the Sum of eighteen kun-

4 dr ed thousand Pounds, by Way of Lottery, towards her Majestys Supply; and for licensing an additional Nunt~

4 btr of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice \ and for better securing her Majesty's

4 Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp Duties by Licences for Marriages and otherwise; and for Relief of

4 Per Jons xoho have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Time, or have \qfl Exchequer Bills, or Lottery Tickets;

and for borrowing Money upon Stock (Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company) for the Life of tL*

4 Pubdck; a Stamp Duty of two Shillings and three Pence, among other Duties, is laid on every Skin or

4 Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which {hould be ingrolled or written

4 any Surrender of, or Admittance to any Copyhold Land or Tenement, within those Parts of Gnat

4 Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; or any Grant or Lease by Copy of

4 Court Roll, or any other Copy of the Court Roll of any Honour or Manor within the same Part's of

4 Great Britain, or any of them (other than and except the original Surrender to the Use of a Will) and

the Court Roll or Hook wherein the Proceedings of the Court are entered orinrolled: And whereas

4 great Frauds have been committed in the said Duty by Stewards and others receiving the fame, together

4 with their own Fees, without ever making out or delivering the said Copies for preventing the fame for Sfew3rd ®f

1be future, be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said touri*'at the

fi'th Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if any Steward or other Officer of any Copy- Tm.coV uking

bo.d Court mail demand, take, or receive, from any Person whatsoever, any Fee or Fees for any such the Fees for

Surrender, Admittance, Grant, or Lease, or any other Copy of any Court Roll, without at the fame SurrenJcr?>

Time demanding and receiving the Stamp Duty due thereon, and delivering such Surrender or Admittance,

Grant or Lease, or Copy, to the Person entitled thereto; then, and in every such Cafe, every such Steward are

ox other Officer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds. to demand the

1 Stamp Duty,

sod deliver such Surrenders, See, on Penalty of 10!. Repealed by Geo. 3. c. 40 $ f«

VIII. And whereas by the said A& of the tenth of Queen Anney and also by an Act of Parliament clause In A&

4 made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act 10 Aon*.

for granting to his Majesty J'cvtral Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds \ and

# 4 upon

