A. D. 1769. Anno fionoXjeorgii C. 32, 33, 34, 35. 613

Place where the Cause of Cofnplaint shall arise, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defen-

dant or Defendants in Aich Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give General Ifluc.

this Act* and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and

that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Aliens, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought was done

in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if the said Matters and Things shall appear to have

been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice

thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any

such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limitted, or shall

be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defen-

dant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Defendant or Defen-

dants* or if the Plaintiff or Plaintifft in such Action or Actions, Suitor Suits, shall become nonsuited,

or suffer a Discontinuarice, or if, upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judge-

ment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then, and in either of the Cafes aforesaid,

such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the Treble Cort*.

fame as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any other Cafes in Law.

LXII. And be it further enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and allowed Publick Act*

in all Courts of Justice as a Publiclc Act; and all fudges, Justicete, and others} are hereby required to

take Notice thereof as such, without the fame beifig specially pleaded,

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery. EXP.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying

a certain bum thefein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and fox^y-

rtinej and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. EXP.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for discontinuing, upon the Exportation of Iron imported in Foreign Ships, the Draw-

back of such Part of the Duties payable thereon as exceeds the Duties payable upon Iron

imported in British Ships; to prohibit the Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron, and certain

Naval Stores, unless the Pre-emption thereof be offered to the Commissioners of the Navy;

to repeal so much of an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, as

discontinued the Drawback upon Foreign Rough Hemp exported; for providing a Com-

pensation to the Clerks in the Offices of the Principal Secretaries of State, for the Advan-

tages such Clerks enjoyed before the Commencement of an Act, made in the Fourth Year

of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the fend-

ing and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; and to explain and

amend the said Act.

4 ITT HEREAS the Duties payable upon Iron imported into Great Britain in Foreign built Ships preamble*

* VV navigated by Foreigners, exceed the Duties that are payable for such Iron when imported in Bri~

4 tish built Vessels navigated Dy British Subjects; but the Whole-of such additional Duty paid by the Im-

4 porters of Iron in Foreign built Ships being drawn back and repaid upon the Exportation thereof, is an

4 Encouragement to the Importation of Iron in Foreign built Ships navigated by Foreigners, and may

4 tend to the Prejudice of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom : For Remedy whereof, May it

4 please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted;’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Par-

liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June, One thousand Drawback i\f-

seven hundred and sixty-nine, such Part of the Duties which have been or shall be paid upon Iron imported in continued tf 10

Foreign built Ships navigated by Foreigners, as exceeds the Duties which would have been payable upon®uch th«Da-

such Iron, if the fame had been imported in British built Ships navigated by British Subjects, mall not be^"^fnIro^*

drawn back or repaid upon the Exportation or such Iron from this Kingdom; any Law, Custom, or ported >n For*i*

Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding. Bottoms, *• ex-

ceed? the Duties upon Iron imported in Britilk Ships,

II. ‘And whereas by several A<fb of Parliament, Pig and Bar Iron made in His Majesty’s Colonies in

* Jmerita, may be imported directly fr«ua thence, under certain JUftri&ipns, into any Port of

30Qie

