A. D; 1767,

C. 28. 301

Anno septimo Georgii III,

cap. xxvm.

fAn Act for granting to his Majesty additional Dudes upon certain Linen Cloth imported; and See 3* Oco. *,

for carrying such Dudes, together with the additional Duties granted in this Session of Par-'^ ^ f is,

liament upon the Importation of Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horl'e-hair Hats and Bon-7 3

nets, and certain Materials for making the same, to the Sinking Fund.

Mojl Gracious Sovereign,

THEREAS by an Act made in this Session of Parliament* the Sum of one million five hundred Preamble.

^ VV thousand Pounds is authorized to be raised for the Publick Service, by Annuities after the Rate

of three Pounds per Centum, and a Lottery to be attended with Annuities after the like Rate; and all

such Annuities are, by the said Act, charged upon the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund:9 We

your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, to-

wards making good the Payment of the said Annuities so charged on the said Fund, have resolved to give

and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein after mentioned; and do most

humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in The following

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of fame, That from and after the twenty-fifth UC*

Dav of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected^and JJne^cioth i<n-

paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several additional Rates and Duties following; that pnr.ed, to take

ii to say, place on 2

May, 17(7.

For every Ell of Linen Cloth or Sheeting above one Yard English in Width (except Flanders Holland The Duties.

Cloth) which shall be imported into Great Britain, three Pence.

For every Ell of Linen Cloth called Drilling, which shall be imported into Great Britain, three Pence.

And after those Rates for any greater or less Quantity of such Goods respectively, oyer and above all other

Duties imposed thereon by any former Act of Parliament.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing herein before contained shall ex- Certain Specie*

tend, or be construea to extend, to any Linen Cloth the Produce and Manufacture of the East Indies; nor

to any Damask or Diaper Tabling, Napkening, or Towelling; nor to any Cambricks or Lawns; nor to C

any Dutch Barras or Hejfcns Canvas, which may be imported into this Kingdom.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aloiefaid, That the said Duties granted by this Act Duties to be pnid

{hall be paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Allowance; and shall be raised, levied, col- ln readx

leded, and paid, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such ^"7be raised

Penalties and Forfeitures, as are prescribed or app ointed for raising, levying, collcding, and paying the and paid a* the

former Duties upon the like Goods, imported into this Kingdom, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now former Duties,

in Force, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties,

and Forfeitures, respectively relating thereto, were particularly repeated, and again enacted, in the Body of

this present Act.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes These Duties to

where any Goods or Merchandizes that have paid the Duties hereby granted (nail, at any Time or Times, ^ "paid upo:n

be again exported by any Merchant or Merchants, within three Years from the Importation thereof; the c^ods as ihai/

Duty by this Act granted, and which shall have been actually paid, for such Goods or Merchandizes, shall, be caponed

without any Delay or Reward, be repaid unto such Merchant or Merchants who shall export the fame; within 3 Year*,

under the same Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are prescribed and di-

reded by any Act of Parliament with respect to any former Drawback upon such Goods.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Money arising by the several Rates Duties to be paid

and Duties herein before granted (except the necefl’ary Charges of raising, collecting, recovering, and pay- imo lhc E*chc’

fng, the fame) shall, from Time to Time, be respectively paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exche- JjJe^>*bp*rrt rom

quer, distindly and apart from all other Branches of the Publick Revenue; and shall be carried to, and Branchescfrht

made Part of, the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, towards making good the Payment of the p»«u)icit Reve-

Annuities in respect of the said one million five hundred thousand Pounds, charged upon the said Fund by n,e > *n,i to

the said Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, ‘An Act for raising the Sum of one million five

hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities, and a Lottery attended with Annuities, to be charged |>“y'l

cm the Sinking Fund- mem of the Ao-

nuitic* charged thereon by 7 Cce 3 c. 24.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies which shall, from Time

to Time, arise and remain in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, of the Duties granted by an Act

made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, additional Duties

4 upon Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for

4 making the same, imported into this Kingdom,’ shall be also carried to, and made Part of, the said Fund,

Cowards making good the Payment of the said Annuities.

7 Geo, 3. e, *0. Repealed by 10 Cf9. 3. c. 43. fvttib fee.

CAP.

The Duties

-ranted th-J Sef-

lion, upon Straw

and Chiu flats,

to be canicd to

the saul Fund,

to* jrds making

gw.d the Pay.

ir.ent of the said

Annuities.

