628 C. 41. Anna nono Georgii III. A. D>. 1769*

♦fceProofistolietificate, and if any Doubt or Dispute {hall arise whether such Goods have or have not been removed, or

cm ihcClaim4nt. arc or arc not removing, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Proof thereof {hall

Jie on the Owner or Clanner of such Goods, and not upon the Officer who {hall seise or flop such Goods. 1

Penalty of false- V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall

fwearingtoan) of fc]fe]y make Oath to any of the Facts herein before required to be sworn, such Person or Persons shall

the Faa*j fuffier the like Pains and Penalties as arc incurred by Persons committing willful and corrupt Perjury; and

or of counterfeit-if any person or Persons {hall counterfeit, rafe, or falsify, any Certificate required or directed by thi$

afying^n^cJii1' Act, or shall knowingly or willfully makeufeof any Certificate, so counterfeited, rated, altered, or falsified, such

ficatef y 1 Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; One Moiety thereof

to His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall

inform and sue for the same in any Court of Record at Westminster% wherein no Essoin, Protection, or

. Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, {hall be allowed.

VI. And, in order to prevent any Disputes which may hereafter arise concerning such Fees as the

Collector of His Majesty’s Customs, and other Officers of the Customs in the Province of Senegambia in

Africa, may be intitled to, for making Entries or other Business done by them in the Execution of their

*r°d or Employments, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until such Time as the fame shall

s.-nrgambTau. be otherwise settled by Authority of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector and

thorned to take o her Officers to demand and receive, take and enjoy, such Fees as have been received by the like Offi-

ce frme Fees as cers in the Island of Barbadoes on or before the First Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and

?hcJ,k* ?ffic'r,.sixty-seven 5 provided that the Fees so taken are not contrary to the express Direction of any Act of -Par-

“ 111 °e,‘ Jiament made in Great Britain; and that the said Officers in Senegambia shall, upon the Refusal of Pay-

ment of such Fees, have and be intituled to the fame Remedy for the Recovery thereof, as has been

heretofore allowed to any Collector or other Officer of the Customs in any of His Majesty’s Colonies or

Plantations; any Law, Bye-law, or other Act of Council or Assembly, made in the said Province of

Governor and Senegambia to the contrary notwithstanding; and, in all Cafes whatsoever, every Governor or Command-

CommandmgOf-ing Officer in the said Province is hereby directed to be aiding and assisting to the said.Officers in the

thTf«i”officeiift^uc Execution of their Offices: And if any Officer of His Majesty’s Customs of Senegambia shall erect:*

in the Execution require, or receive, any other or greater Fees than such as arc herein allowed to be taken, he {hall, for

ofthcirDuty. the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; One Moiety of which Penalty shall be to His iVla-

Penalty of exact.jesty, His Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons aggrieved thereby, who

ing g cater Fees. sue for the f*ame jn ^ proper Court of Senegambia \ and for the Second Offence he shall forfeit his

Place, and be for ever after incapable of executing any Office or Employment in the Customs.

Chute in A& 5 VII. 4 And whereas by an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled*

Cco. c. 40. x jn yffl jQr grating to His Majesty a certain Sum of Mones out of the Sinking Fund; for applying cert aim

4 Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and six ty-five ; fr further

4 appropriating the Supplies granted in this Stffton of Parliament; for allowing to the Bee ivers-general of the

I ‘ Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland a Reward for t'cir Trouble; end for allowing further Time

■ 4 to such Persons as have omitted to make and fie Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attar*

4 nies and Solicitors; it was recited, that by an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late

4 Majesty King George the Second, certain Duties were laid upon Offices and Employments, and the

4 Monies thereby arinng, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, were directed to be paid at Lain*

4 burgh to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer of Great

4 Britain for the Time being, should constitute and appoint to be Receiver-general or Receivers thereof,

4 for His Majesty’s Ufc; but no Provision had been made, or Authority given, for allowing any Com-r

4 pensation, or granting any Reward, to such Receiver or Receivers, for his or their Trouble in the re-

4 ceiving the said Monies, and in the paying and accounting for the fame: And it was therefore enacted,

4 That it should and might be lawful to and for such Receiver or Receivers to retain, out of the Monies

4 which had been and should be paid into his or their Hands in pursuance of the said Act, such Sum, as

4 a Compensation or Reward for his or their Trouble, as His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors should

4 appoint, not exceeding Three-pence in the Pound: And whereas the said Allowance of Three-pence

4 in the Pound is little more than sufficient to defray the Expence of an Agent in London, to receive

4 and negotiate the Bibs by which the Monies arising from the aforesaid Duty are remitted from Edin*

4 burghy'i'tid to pay the fame into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and also to defray such other

4 fir.all contingent Expences as must necessarily attend the raising and collecting thereof; whereby the

‘ * Intention of the before recited Act is frustrated, and the said Receiver or Receivers hath or have a very

4 inadequate Provision or Reward for his or their own Service in raising and coilefting the said Duties:*

^wanccof ro"l.^c xt t'v-rc^ore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the Re-

p;r Apn.rradctJccjvcr or Receivers of the said Duty to retain, out of the Monies that have been and {hall be paid intat

the Receivers- his or their Hands in pursuance of the before mention d Act of the Thirty-fiift Year of His late Ma-.

rnPrJ ofth.-Fu-jjfty King George the Second, over and above the Allowance ef Threepence in the Pound granted by

Err»^m*nu3in 1 ^c before recited Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, such farther Sum as His Majesty* His

Scotland?'*16 ,n Heirs, and Successors, by his or their Warrant or Warrants, countersigned by the High Treasurer,

any 'Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall appoint, not exceed-,

ing One hundred Pounds per Annum, as a Compensation or Reward for his or their Trouble.

I . . . .. VIII. ‘And

X -

