4327—44-8 C. 53. Anno feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1767.

c gulations, were given and established, for supplying with Necessaries his Majesty^ Troops within the

c said Dominions during the Continuance of such Act, from the twenty-fourth Day of March, onethou-

1 sand seven hundred and sixty-six, until the twenty-fourth Day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred

wd 7 Geo. 3. ‘ and sixty-eight; which Act was, by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act

c* 5S% 1 for further continuing an Att of the last Session of Parliamenty intituled^ An Act to amend and render more

c effectual, in his Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, in-

c tituled, An At1 for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Shar-

c tersy further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and uxty-

1 nine:’ In order therefore to enforce, within the said Province of Ne<w York, the supplying of his Ma-

- jesty’s Troops with the Necessaries and in the Manner required by the said Acts of Parliament ; May it

please your Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

The Governor liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the first Day of October, one

and Council thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, until Provision shall have been made by the said Assembly of New

^or affcotto ^or^ ^or ^urn^*ng his Majesty’s Troops within the said Province^with all such Necessaries as are required

any Act of by the said Acts of Parliament, or any of them, to be furnished for such Troops, it shall not be lawful for

Assembly, the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Person presiding or acting as Governor or Commander in Chief,

or any Vote or or for the Council for the time being, within the Colony,} Plantation, or Province, of New York in Amt-

Resolution of r'lca^ pass> or gjve hj9 or their Assent to, or Concurrence in, the making or passing of any Act of Affem-

prcfentativti; " bty* or ^ls or t^ie‘r Assent to any Order, Resolution or Vote, in Concurrence with the House of Reprefen-

and the said * tatives for the time being within the said Colony, Plantation, or Province ; or for the said House of Repre-

House Ukewife fentatives to pass or make any Bill, Order, Resolution, or Vote (Orders, Resolutions, or Votes, for ad-

prohibited to journing such House, only excepted) of any Kind, for any other Purpose whatsoever 5 and that all Acts

pafa or make cf Assembly, Orders, Resolutions, and Votes whatsoever, which shall or may be passed, assented to, or

Refoiution^ niade, contrary to the Tenor and Meaning of this Act, after the said first Day of Oftobery one thousand

except for Ad* seven hundred and sixty-seven, within the said Colony, Plantation, or Province, before and until Provi-

jouromeot, fion shall have been for supplying his Majesty’s Troops with Necessaries as aforesaid, shall be, and are

until Prevision hereby declared to be, null and void, and of no Force or Effect whatsoever*

*he made by them

for fornithing the King* Troops with all the Necessaries required by the recited Act 3 and all Adit of Assembly, Arc. contrary to the Tenor hereof, aftet

10&• 1767, are declared void 3

except at to the II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared to be the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That

Choice and Ap. nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder, prevent, or invalidate,

probation of a Choice, Election, or Approbation, of a Speaker of the House of Representativea for the time being

Hoofed ° C within the said Colony, Plantations or Province,

Anno

