A.D. 1765.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

C. 12.

25

or other Thing, ingrossed, written, or printed, in such Matter or Thing as aforesaid; or fraudu- '^e f"',

lently cut, tear, or get off, any Mark or Stamp from any Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to*01 vI 1 5^

or any Part thereof, with Intent to use inch Stamp or Mi.ik for any other Matter or Thing in

respect whereof any Duty shall be payable by virtue of this ASi; that then, and so often, and in

every such Cafe, every Person so offending lha’.l, for every such Offence, foifoit the Surn of fifty

Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Matter and Thing, in part ofmWrings *c.

respetl whereof any Duty shall be payable in putfmucc of this Act, shall he ingrolltd, written, or to be up or .»* n? »r to,

printed, in such Manner, that fomc Part thereof shall be cither upon, or as near as conveniently tl»c Sump* a> m*y b?

may be to, the Stamps or Marks denoting the Duty; upon Pain that the Person who shall ingross, on lv'ially ot 5

write, or print, or cause to be ingrossed, written, or piinted, any such Matter or Thing in any

other Manner, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sun of five Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. Tint cverv Officer of each Court, Th: Day and Y>ar of

and every lufticeof the Peace or other Person within the said Colonies and Plantations, who shall iiTuin^ any Wm or iho.

ilfuc any Writ or Process upon which a Duty is by this Act ptyabfo, (lull, at the lifuing thereof,

set down upon such Writ or Process the Day and Year of his issuing the fame, which shall be "0*anyonVhe vv.it, ffi

entered upon a Remembrance, or in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, letting forth the Abstradt an Entry ma.ie th-r-*

of such Writ or Process; upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds for every such Offence. on Penalty 1^.

XXV. And, for the better collecting and securing the Duties hereby charged on Pamphlets con-

taining more than one Sheet of Paper as aforesaid, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That from and after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty*five, A prime! Opy 01 every

one printed Copy of every Pamphlet which shall be printed or published within any of the said ’j“‘J: 1 (z

Colonies or Plantations, shall, within the Space of fourteen Days after the printing thereof, be ^'|-a

brought to the Chief Distributor in the Colony or Plantation where such Pamphlet shall be printed, orjeno bcroglfurcd,

and the Title thereof, with the Number of the Sheets contained therein, and the Duty hereby and the Duty aiccruu.cd

charged thereon, shall be registered or entered in a Book to be there kept for that Purpose; which *,ld Faii*

Duty shall be thereupon paid to the proper Officer or Officers appointed to receive the same, or

his or their Deputy or Clerk, who shall thereupon forthwith give a Receipt for the fame on such Receipt to b given for

printed Copy, to denote the Payment of the Duty hereby charged on such Pamphlet; and if any lhc 1,imc on lLe L°ry

such Pamphlet shall be printed or published, and the Duty hereby charged thereon shall not be duly Pamphlet printed or

paid, and the Title and Number of Sheets shall not be regrftered, and a Receipt for such Duty ti \ »hI.-JAu-

given on one Copy, where reotiircd so to be, within the Time herein before for that Purpose u^)rfw"

limited; that then the Author, Printer, and Publisher, and all other Persons concerned in or about lifter,.&c. to’f>ucit

the printing or publishing of such Pamphlet, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten 10). and thrirProperty

Pounds, and shall Jofc all Property therein, and in every other Copy thereof, so as any Person may in tDC

freely print and publish the fame, paying the Duty payable in respect thereof by virtue of this Act,

without being liable to any Action, Prosecution, or Penalty for so doing.

XXVI. And it is hereby further cnaifted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever Penalty of felling *ny

shall fell or cxjxjfc to Sale any such Pamphlet, or any News Paper, without the true respective Pamphlet or News Paper

Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, of some known Person or Persons by or for whom p^cof Abe*?of

the fame was really and truly printed or published, shall be written or printed thereon; upon the PrrnurorPubl&cr

Pain that e\cry Person offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty »oi.

Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Officer appointed for No StamP* for Pamph-

di iff i but ing damp Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, in the said Colonies or Plantations, shall fell or tius«cu°

deliver any damped Paper for printing any Pamphlet, or any publick News, Intelligence, or Occur- t\iy L'gVJcn for Pa* ing

fences, to be contained in one Sheet, or any lesser Piece of Paper, unless such rerfon shall give the Du ics for Advcr.

Security to the said Officer, for the Payment of the Duties for the Advertisements which shall be ufemcau thereon,

printed therein or thereupon.

XXVlil. And whereas it may be uncertain how many printed Copies of the said printed News

Papers or Pamphlets, to be contained in one Sheet or in a lesser Piece of Paper, may be fold; and

to the Intent the Duties hereby granted thereupon may not he Icffcned determined by printing a less Number

than nnv be fold, out of a Fear of a Loss thereby in piinting more such Copies than will he fold ;

it is hereby provided, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the proper Officer The Sumps iron fu

or Officers appoinrcd for managing the said Stamp Duties, shall and may cancel, or car.fc to be Ncvvs ri iUs'

cancelled, all the Stamps upon the Copies of any Impression of any News Paper or Pamphlet con- pl,rTl*,a

tained in one Sheer, or any lesser Piece of Paper, which shall really and truly remain unfold, and - trn-

of which no Profit or Advantage has been made; and upon Oath, or if by a Quaker, upon Solemn deiinr’tU* or.-, ie<ag

Affirmation, rrude before a Justice of the Pence, or other proper Mngilhate, that r!I such Copies, examined on O.th a« to

contiining the Stamps so tendered to be cancelled, arc really and truly remaining unfold, and thatlilc

none of the find Copies have been fraudulently returned or rebought, or any Piofit or Advantage

made th.vcof; v. hit h Oath or Affirmation such Magistrate is hereby authorized to adminiff r, and

tu examine upon Oath or Affirmation into ail Circumff.n c$ relating to the f Ding <r

such printed (fopies; shall and may deliver, o' ciufc to b? <Mi\cded, the like Fm ’ *:r 01

Shcit', Hilf Sheets, or less Pieces of Paper, prop r!y stumped with the Time r f relive S mp^, Nun ! , IV,rt

upon Payment made for such Paper, bur no Duty so.f! he t:l:en for the Stamps t:i

herein contained to the contrary notwithlfan ding: And lb*: laid Commiii: >ners

Dmies for the lime being are hereby impowered, horn tin.c to tiny. to u.akc fueii Tj

\ tL. X. a.id

hng of

01 icr G, T:crr to *1io*r , ), VC

ns mv (I.:,-11

.It ' n fc;it*'r b- I'.’m'M C» >fiT' fu r*

u

X

