72 C. 35. Anno quinto Georg 11 III. A. D. 1765.

Wrought Silks upon all Wrought Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs mi^ed with Silk or Herba, of the Manufacture of Perfta

■mi Stuffs from china, or East India, and upon all Callicoes, printed, dyed, painted, or stained ther«yAvhich shall be shipped

•ad India s^nd for Exportation from Great Britain to anjr Part beyond the Seas, exept to Africa orthe British Dominions

on printed Calli-in America, a Subsidy of Poundage of twelve Pence for every twenty Shillings, of the true and real Value

coes, of such Goods, according to the gross Price at which they were sold at the dales of the United Company

of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, if the /aid Goods were sold at the Company’s Sales, or

. . according to the gross Price at which they were sold at the Custom-house Sales, in case the said Goods were

after Condemnation fold there ; which Subsidy hereby granted shall be paid without any Allowance or De-

io/Arc,C UC~ duftion whatsoever; and shall beraised, levied, collected, and recovered, in the same Manner, and by such

' * Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Allowances for Goods loft or

taken at Sea, as the Sublidy of Poundage for any Goods and Merchandizes exported from this Kingdom,

maybe raised, levied, collected, and recovered, by any Act of Parliament now in Force, as fully, to all

Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating

thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present ACT

Actional III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day

"Clause to be in* of June, upon the Entry of any Wrought Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba of the Ma-

BrtCdtonbcheivenniI^a<^ure ^erfla^ China, or East India, or Callicoes, painted, dyed, printed, or stained there, for Expor-

on Exportation" tation to Africa, or the British Dominions in America, the Bond which is now by Law required to be given

of the said for the due Exportation of such Goods, shall be with further Condition, that the fame shall be there landed

Goods; and a accordingly, and not in any other Part or Place beyond the Seas ; and to produce a Certificate within.

Certificate to be eighteen Months under the Hands and Seals of the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs,

due landin thC re^ing at the Port or Place in the British Dominions in America, for such of the said Goods as shall be

thereof *”if in entered for and landed there, testifying the landing thereof; and for such of the said Goods as shall be

America within entered for Africa, the Bonds so as aforesaid entered into, shall not be delivered up or discharged, until

18 Months. Proof is made by the Oath of the Master, Mate, Purser, or other Person having the Charge of the Ship or

Bond given on Vessel, during the Voyage in which the said Goods were exported, that the said Goods, and every Part

SrAfrlca^not foere°f> were fairly landed or disposed of, in or on some Part of the Coast of Africa, and that no Part of the

to be discharged, said Goods had been relanded in any Part of Great Britain or the Islands of Guernsey, ferfey, Alderney, Sark9

till Oath be made or Man, or either of them, or any other Part or Place beyond the Seas, except some Part of Africa ; and by

by the Master of the Oath of the Merchant Exporter (if living) that, to the best of his, her, or their Knowledge and Belief,

the due Landing Qooc|s had been disposed of at the Place or Places mentioned in the.Oath made by the Master, Mate,

thereof without Purser* or other Person, having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel, during the Voyage; which Proof shall be

being reUnded, made within eighteen Months from the Date of each respective Bond, before the Collector and Coraptrol-

and be con- ler, or other principal Officer of the Customs, at the Port for the Time being where such Bonds shall be

firmed by the entered into, who are hereby respectively impowered to administer the fame; and in case no such Proofs

SooftoEemade ma^e as aforesaid, within the Time herein before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the

within°i8CIIU C respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain, to cause such Bonds to be put in Suit, unless they

Months; other- shall find sufficient Cause to forbear the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise

wife the Bond to notwithstanding.

be put in Suit.

After 1 June, IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the said first Day o (June*

!,76Vd”*ddf’ foere foa^ be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every

tak/pUcc ^kin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written,

on all Policies or printed, any Policy of Assurance to be made or entered into within the Cities of London or Westminster,

and a flu ranee* or elsewhere within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, over and above all other Duties, an act-

within the ditional Stamp Duty of two Pence; and for every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or

Weekly Bills; .pjece of Paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written or printed, any Policy of Assurance to be made or

within all other entere^ into within all other Parts of Great Britain, over and above all other Duties, an additional Stamp.

•Parts of Great Duty of two Shillings and six Pence.

^Britain. See 7 Geo. 3. c. 44. 8 Geo. 3. 0.25.

•Clauses and Pro- V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Regulations, Provisions*

v,{*ons> f\C'in Articles, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters

XitingtotheDu-anc* Things prescribed, inflicted, and appointed, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the

•tieion Vellum, Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper (not hereby altered) shall be in full Force and Effcd, with rela-

Porchment, and tion to the additional Stamp Duties hereby imposed ; and shall be applied and put in Execution, for the

Paper,extended managing, raising, levying, collecting, securing, receiving, and paying thereof, and accounting for the

'to the additional famej as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Powers, Regulations, Provisions, Articles, Clauses,

utias ere ai . peria|tjeSj Forfeitures, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and other Matters and Things, were

herein repeated, re-enacted, and applied to the said Stamp Duties hereby granted.

The counterfeit- VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall counter-

ing or forging feit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, to resemble any Seal,

anyofthcStamp* Stamp, or Mark, directed or allotted to be used by this Act for the Purpose of denoting the Duties oy this

Tng counterfeit or anV °foer Act of Parliament granted on Policies of Assurance ; or shall counterfeit or resemble the Im-

Stamps, or r,au- pression of the fame, thereby to evade the Payment of any of the said Duties; or shall utter, vend, or fell,

dulently using any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, liable to any such Stamp Duties, with such counterfeit Stamp, Mark,

rthelcgil ones, is or Impression thereon (knowing the fame to be counterfeit) or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal,

S^eYt«scie«Ut Stamp, or Mark, allowed to be used by this Act, relating to the said Stamp Duties, with Intent to defraud

