748 C. 27. Anno decimo Georgii III. A\ I>. 1770.

Dbr myberc- XVL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That it shall and may be lawful toandforthe

<iuu:u on Mutuc. CJommiilioners, or any Nine or more of them, on giving Six Months Notice in Writing to the

said Henry S'felman, his Executors, Administrators* or Assigns, to pay to him or them any Part or

Parts of the said Three several principal Sums, each Payment to con lilt of a Sum not less than One

hundred Pounds.

limiringthe XVII. 4 An 1 whereas great Damages have been done to the Locks, Dams, Sluices, and other Works of

Lading of Boats. 4 the said Navigation, by permitting Boats or other Vessels of too great Burthen to be navigated on,the faicL

4 ‘River Nar^ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Boat, Barge, Lighter*,

or other Veiled, shall be, permitted and fuftered to be navigated upon the said River Nar, within the Limits

aforesaid, laden with more Lasts of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Malt, or other Grain, or laden with moie Chal-

drons of Coals, or Tons of any other Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities whatsoever, than*

shall be ascertained and appointed by the said Commissioners at their General Annual Meeting; and that

the Owner or Owners of every Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, carrying or conveying, up or down?

the said River any greater Quantities of Grain, Coals, or other Commodities than shall be so ascertained

and appointed, shall forfeit and pay to the said Commissionerg* and their Successors or Assigns* the Sum of

Twenty Shillings for every such Offence.

Boat-matters, XVIII. And, for preventing Damages and Mrfchiefs which may be done or committed by rude and dif—

See. *n Twer able orderly Persons, managing or employed in Boats, Barges, Lighters, or other Velltls navigating upon the

fm their Crew*, Rjver> be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Boat-matter, Owner or Owners of any

Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, which shall pass up or down the said River, shall be, and is and

are hereby, anfwei able for, and shall make Satisfaction to, the said Commissioners and their Successors, for atiyr

Damage, Spoil, or other Mischief that shall be done by his, her, or their Boa', Barge, Lighter, or other

Vefiel, or by any Person* or Persons belonging to, or employed in ar about the fame respectively, or by the

Horses or Servants employed in hailing or towing the fame, or by loading or unloading any. such Boat, Barge*.

Lighter, or other Vessel* to any of the Locks, Bridges, Staunches, Dams, Sluices* Cuts, Banks, or other*

Works, that now are or shall be erected ami maintained, in, upon, or near the said River, within the

Limits aforesaid, by Authority of this Act, or of the said in Part recited Act: And if any such Damage*.

^Spoil, or Mtfchiefshall be done, the same shall be enquired into and determined by any Justice of the Peace

for the said County of Norfolk, not interested directly or indircdly otherwise than as a Commissioner in the

said Navigation* who is hereby authorised and required* upon Complaint or Information made before him*,

to summon such Boat-master* Owner or Owners, to appear before him; and upon* his, her, or thdr Ap-

pearance, or making Default to appear. Proof being made upon Oath before such Justice* that ihe Party:

neglecting to appear was duly served wkh such Summons, or that the fame was left for her, him, or them,

at his* her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, such Justice shall proceed to examine into the Truth of/

the said Complaint or Information 5 and upon Conftflion of the Party complained of, or Proof by the Oath,

of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall award and order such Sum of Money to be paid bje

such Boat-matter, Owner or Owners* as a Recompence for such Damage, Spoil or Mischief, as the faiJ

Justice shall think proper* not exceeding Treble the Amountof such Damnge, Spoil,. or Mifchief* and in.

cnfe of Nonpayment of the Sum so awarded and ordered for the Space of Three Days, the said Justice is*

hereby authorised and required to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Boats, Lighters, and other.

Goods of such Owner or Owners, rendering to him, her, or them, the Overplus (if any) after the said*

Sum so awarded and ordered* together with the reasonable Charges of such Information and Conviction, and

also of such Distress and Sale, shall be satisfied and paid,

for XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Boat-master, oY his Agents or Ser—

p.'tfngthe vants, navigating any Boat* Barge, Lighter, or other Vefiel, upon the said River Nar, within the Limits*

L#«k$. aforesaid/and patting with any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vefiel, through any Lock to be made

thereupon, shall suffer the Water to remain in the Lock, longer than is necefl'ary for his Boat, Barge, Light-

er, or other Vefiel, to pass ihrcughiany such Lock; and also, that every such Boat-matter or other Perforit

' or Persons as aforesaid, in going down the said Navigation, shall {hut the lower Gates of every such Lock,

as he or they is or arc going topafis through, before he or they shall draw up the Cloughs of the upper Gates,

thereof; and after he or they shall have brought his or their Boat* Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, into*

the said Lock, shall lhut the upper Gates thereof, before he or they shall draw up the Cloughs of the lower

Gates thereof; and in going up the said Navigation, shall, as soon as*he or they shall have patted with his

or their Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel* out of every such Lock, (hut the upper Gates of every such.

Lock, and afterwards draw up the Cloughs of the lower Gates, unless there shall be then a Boat or other

Vefiel in Sight of the said Lock, coming down the said Navigation; in which Cafe* the lower Gates of every*

such Lock shall be kept (hut, and the upper Gates open: And in all dry Seasons, when there shall be a.

Scarcity of Water in the said Navigation, the Boat or other Vefiel goingup the fame, if within Sight, and;

at a Distance not above Three hundred, Yards below a Lock, shall pass through every such Lock before the

Boat or other Vefiel coming down* and then the Boat or other Vessel next above shall come down; and if

there are more Boats or other Veil'd* than One, below and above every Lock at the fame Time, in such.

dry Seasons* within the Distance aforesaid,. (at whichvDiftance a Pott or Mark shall be set up or made for

thatPurpose) such Boats or other Vessels shall go up and come down in such Locks by Turns as aforesaid*

’till all the said Vefi'els* going up or coming down the said Navigation shall have patted; by which Means

One Lock full of Water may serve Two.or more Vefllls: And every Person offending in any of thefePar^

ticulars, and being convicted thereof, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, upor>

the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit to tho laid Couuxufiigpers hereby ap-

pointed* theftSuccettvxs or Assigns, the Sum of forty Shillings.

e

.

GoogI

