29°

of printed Books,

Medals, Coins,

See. to be ex-

changed, for

Manuscript?,

&c. or to be sold;

and the Money

laid out in pur-

chafing Such aa

Preamble, recit-

ing Clauses in

Alt i Geo. 3.

c. I.

1 Annst, St. 1.

«. 7.

9 Ann*, c. it,

and 5 Geo. 3«

c. 25.

His Majesty im-

powered by Let*

ters Patent, or

Indentures un-

der the Great

Seal, to grant

an Annuity of

8-coo). unto Ivs

Roy.ti Hi chiefs

the Duke of

York ; and a

like Annu'ty to

hix Royal High-

C. 19* Anno feptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1767.

Duplicates of printed Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities, to be exchanged for Manuscripts,

Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities; or to direct any such Duplicates of printed Books, Medals,.

Coins, or other Curiosities, to be sold or disposed of, and the Money to arise by such Sale to be laid out in

the Purchase of Manuscripts, Books, Medals, Coins, and other Curiosities, that may be wanting in, or

proper for, the said Museum; the said herein before-recited Act of Parliament, or any athur Act, Matter,

or Thing, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

may be wanting, or proper.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to enable his Majesty to settle certain Annuities on their Royal Highnefies the Dukes

of Torkt GlouceJltTy and Cumberland.

Most gracious Sovereign,

4 WHEREAS your Majesty hath been nleased to recommend to the Consideration of your faithful

4 VV Commons, that a more competent Provision should be made for the honourable Support and

c Maintenance of your Majesty’s Royal Brothers, the Dukes of York, Glcuccfter, and Cumberland, than

4 the present necessary Charges upon your Majesty’s Civil List have permitted your Majesty to make:

4 And whereas by an Act made in the first Year of your Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An At! for the Sup-

4 port of his Majesty s Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain ; the Duties

4 and Revenues commonly called The Hereditary Revenues, together with several temporary Duties and

4 Revenues thereby continued, and all other Branches and Revenues which, on the twenty-fourth Day of

4 October, one thousand seven hundred and llxty, flood settled or appointed, to be towards the Support of

4 the Household of his late Majesty King George the Second, of blessed Memory, and the Honour and

4 Dignity of the Crown, were (except as is therein excepted) directed to be, during your Majesty’s Life,

4 carried to, and made Part of, the General or Aggregate Fund established by an Act made in the first

4 Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First; and for the Support of your Majesty’s

4 Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of your Crown, a certain yearly Rent or Rents, or Sum or

4 Sums of Money, was or were by the said Act granted out of the said Fund : And whereas by an Act

4 made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preserving the Inheritance of

4 several Revenues of the Crown, intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Majesty s Household, and•

4 of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown; all Grants thereof (other than such as are therein expressed)

4 are declared to be void : And by another Acct made in the ninth Year of her said late Majesty’s Reign,

4 intituled. An Act for establishing a General Post OJfce for all her Majesty s Dominions, and for settling a

4 Weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majiftys Occaftons, it was

4 enabled. That such Part of the Duties and Revenues arising in or. by the General Letter Office or Poll

4 Office, which was thereby veiled in her said late Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and therein men-

tioned to be undeterminable, should not be alienable, chargeable, or grantable, for any Estate, Term,

4 or Time whatsoever, to endure longer than the Life of the Kin| or Queen that should make such

4 Alienation, Charge, or Grant respectively ; and that all Gifts, Grants, Alienations, and Assurances

4 whatsoever, to be had or made of, and charged upon, the fame Duties or Revenues, or any Part thereof,

4 contrary to the Provision of that Act, should be null and void : And by an Act made in the fifth Year

4 of your Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to alter certain Rates of Pcftage, and to amend, explain, and

4 enlarge, several Provisions in an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Arts

4 relating to the Revenue of the Post Office; it was enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Rates therein

4 before-mentioned (except as is therein excepted) should be appropriated and applied to such and the

4 fame Uses to which the then Rates of Portage were respectively by Law appropiiated and made appli-

4 cable : Now we, having taken into Consideration the neceft'ary Charges upon your Majesty’s Civil List

4 Revenue, arising from the present State of your Royal Family, more numerous in its Branches than

4 these your Kingdoms have had the Happiness of seeing it in any former Reign ; and thinking it highly

4 just and reasonable that your Majesty should be enabled to make such Provision for the honourable Sup-

4 port and Maintenance of their said Royal Highnefies, as mav be suitable to their high Rank and many

4 princely AccompliPnments, do most humbly beteech your Majesty, that it may be enabled \ and be it

enaolcd by the King’s mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflemhied, and by the Authority of the

fame, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by any Loners

Patent or Indenture, or by several Letters Patent or Indentures, under the Great Seal of Great Britain,

hereafter to be nude, to give and grant unto his dearly beloved and Royal Brothers the respe:tive

Annuities or yeaily Rems or Sums following ; that is to say, one Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of eight

thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, unto his Royal Higbncfs Edivnrd Aaguilus Duke of

York, for and durin? his natural Life •, one other Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of ci^ht thousand Pounds

of lawful Money of Great Britain, unto his Royal Hghncfs William Henry Duke of Gioneefter, for and

during his natural Life ; and one other Annuity or y^.niy Rent <»r Sum of eight thousand Pounds of lawful

Money ot Great Britain, unto his Royal Highness Henry Frederick Duke of Cumberland, for and during

his natural Life: Which said respective Annuities, or yearly Rents or Sums, and every Part thereof, thall

commence and take effect from the fifth Day of January, in the Year of our Lord one thousand I even

huiuiicd

