73

A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 35*

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; every such Person so offending* and being

thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall fufter Death as in Cafes of Felony, without

Benefit of Clergy.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaiJ, That from and after the said first Day > prrCent. of

of Junty there shall be retained out of tin Duties which shall have been paid upon the Importation of l)aT^s P,v"

White Callicoes or Muflins, for such of the said Woods as shall be exported from this Kingdom without having *a°" m*

been printed, stained, painted, or died therein, to any Parts or Places beyond the Seas (except to Africa, WhiteCaiUcse*,

or the British Colonies and Plantations in America) besides the one half of the Rate or Duty commonly and Mufhn*, fee-

called The Old Subsidy, which now remains, and is not drawn back for the fame, the further Sum of two ore

Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of such Goods, according to the gross Price c ol

at which they were sold at the Sale of the United Company of Merchants trading to the End Indin; rcuinS'Vnthe

which Sum of two Pounds shall be retained, without any Abatement or Dcduftion, out of the Net Duties E*potr»t':on

granted on such Goods respectively by two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the eleventh and theretf to Part*

twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, 4 An Act for laying further Duties upon beyond

4 Wrought Silks, Mullins, and fomc other Commodities of the East Indies \ and for enlarging the Time

1 for purchasing certain Reversionary Annuities therein mentioned;' and the other made in the third and can PiAa-

and fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne* intituled, 4 An Act for continuing Duties upon Low Wines; t.tions.

and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures; and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chap- a a n & 1*

4 men, and upon Muslins; and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities; and also w,n* 3 c* 3*

4 upon Callicoes, China Ware, and Drugs/ any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwith- 3 u 4 Ann*'

Handing. c‘4*

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fuft Addition »o tfee

Day of June* if any White Callicoes or Muilin shall be entered for Exportation, from this Kingdom to 0i£to bcmw,e

any Part of Africa* in every Cafe where the Exporter is required by any Law now in Force to swear that of whUeCam-

such Goods are not landed or intended to be landed in Great Britain, Ireland* the Isle of Alan, or any coesand Mullins.

British Colonies or Plantations in America, there shall also be added to and included in the Oath upon

fh# Debenture for such Goods, 44 or any other Place whatsoever in Parts beyond the Seas (except Africa)

And if any such White Callicoes or Muflins so entered for Africa* shall nevertheless be carried to, and L>ndJnfth€f*

landed at, any other Place or Country in Parts beyond the Seas, the Exporter of such Goods, and the °?ods *c-

Matter or Person having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel on board which the fame were loadert and ex- *heiTentmd*

ported, shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Drawback paid or to be paid for the fame, and also Treble for j U Forfcj*

the Value of the said Goods. tore of Doub'o

the Amount of the Drawback, and Treble Value of the Good*.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies arising by the several and These Duiiei, ,

respective additional Duties by this Act granted, and also from such Part of the Duties as are hereby ^ fee paid

directed to be retained, and not drawn back on the Exportation of Callicoes and Muslins (the necessary ,nl° lbearEx,co ,i

Charges of Management, and of raising, collecting, receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Monies, *1^"^ ronl

excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid respectively into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer at Brid es rf ife<

U'ljhnhijlcr, dittinftly and apart from alf other Branches of the Publick Revenue, and shall be carrieJ to PubJwkRcvc-

and made Part of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fundy towards making good the Annuities n,vrd to b-

payable in respect of the said Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, charged upon the said Fund by an

Act of this SciTion of Parliament. “ IC°* un

4 X. And whereas feme Doubts hive arisen, whether Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, containing Po-

4 licies of Assurance anJ Charter Parties, are subject to the Stamp Duties granted in respect of Deeds, by

4 two Acts of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anney an J the

4 thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second / it is hereby declared and

enacted determined by the Authority aforesaid, That the Stamp Duty of six Pence imposed by an Act made p,iicifj of AC-

in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne; and also the Stamp Duty of one Warccjnd

Shilling imposed by an Act made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King Gt orge V'hJ,ler

the Second, cm every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which

fhftl be ingrofteJ, written, or printed, in Great Brilairiy any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or oth< r Deed, net ? pa

thereby respectively other wise charged, shall be deemed and taken to extend to, and are hereby extended An.set. *.<.9.

to charge every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which (hull md to the 1

be mgr efled, written, or punted, any Policy of Assurance, or any Charter Party, made or entered into t>uy

within Great Britain* after the said first Day ofstine. by

XL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Deed, Instrument, Note, Me- ws« ftuilfee

moramlum, Letter, or other Minument or Writing, between the Captain or Mailer, or Owner of any dremr) a 1 h*r-

Ship nr VclLl, anJ any Merchant, 7’rader, or other Person, in respect to the Freight or Conveyance oftcrPuuy.

any Money, G<*>d>, Wares, Merchandize, or Kftefts, laden or to be laden on board of any such Ship or

Venft, ihali he deemed anJ adjudged to be a Charter Party.

XII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall nt any

Time he sued or p^ofecuted for env thing by him or them done or execute 1 in pursuance of this Act, or

of any Matter or Tiling in this Act contained, such Person or Persons (lull and nuy plead the General Coner*l KTuc.

Iffuc, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if it shall appear so to have been done,

the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fh til become non-

suited, or discontinue his or their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall huva appeared; or if

Vul. X. L Judgement

