A. D; 1765.

Anno quinto Gbojigii III.

C. 43. 105

XXXVI. Provided always, and It is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the this is not to

last mentioned Provision stall not extend, or be conitrued to extend* to any Coffee or Tea imported, or to ^tend *°*nv

be imported, by'the East India Company.

Fart- India Company, -

4 XXXVIT. And whereas in Cafes where any Person or Persons is or are at Liberty to export to foreign

* Parts any Wares or Merchandizes, subje<£t to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners

4 of Excite, such Person or Persons is or are required, by the Laws now in being, to make Proof upon

* Oath or by Affirmation, that the Duties of such Wares or Merchandizes hath been paid or secured,

* according to the several Acts by which such Duty is respectively laid upon such Wares or Merchandizes ;

4 which Oath or Affirmation the Colle6tor, who received the said Duty, is hereby required and impower-

* ed to administer ; and also to give to such Person or Persons gratis a Certificate or Certificates, expressing

* the Kinds and Weights of such Wares or Merchandizes, and the Duties paid for the fame: Ana

* whereas it frequently happens, that such Collectors are absent from Home, in the Execution of other, ointcdb^thS

* Parts of their Duty, when such Persons, so intending [to export such Wares or Merchandizes, do cnmmissioner§8

4 apply, in order to make such Proof upon Oath or by Affirmation, and to receiveTuch Certificate, by of Excise, may, m

4 which Means such Persons are prevented from or greatly delayed in the Exportation of such Wares or the Abfcnceof

* Merchandizes ;r be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Daythe GolJe^0.^,

to

the

of juivy one thousand seven hundred and hxty-fiye, it ft all and may be lawful for such Person or Persons, o^req^ired 1

as stall be appointed by the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively for the time being, be taken on th*

or the major Part of them respe&iyely, within their several Distridts, to administer such Oath or Affirma- Exportation of

tion, in the Absence of the respective Collectors, to the Persons so applying for the fame, in order to export Goods liab,c to

such Wares and Merchandizes as aforesaid ; and to give gratis to such Person such Certificate or Certificates, ‘hc .Duties of

so required by the several Acts by which such Duty is respectively laid upon such Wares or Merchandizes, prope^certifi-11

In such Manner as the Collectors of Excise are now by Law required.and impowered to do. cates.

4 XXXVIII. And whereas it is expedient that the like Provisions which are made by Law to prevent

_ # ^ : Vessel* not ex-

fifth Day of July, one'thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, where any Ship Or Vessel whatsoever comingccedin? 5° Ton*

or arriving from foreign Parts, airi having on boara twenty Pounds Weight of Coffee, or any Goods Pur£cn» ?rTrtr'

whatsoever which are liable to Forfeiture by any Act of Parliament now in force, upon being imported into p^TounT^

Great Britain, stall be found at Anchor, or hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports of this King- hovering on the

dom, or within two Leagues of the Shore, or stall be discovered to have been within the Limits of any Port, CojA, having

and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable Neccf- *°lb* of Cost'ee»

fity and Distrefsand Weather, of which Necessity and Distrefe the Matter, Purser, or other Person having £n board habile'

or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Veffrf, stall give Notice to, or make Proof of, before to Forfeiture/

the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of such Port as aforesaid, immediately after the

Arrival of such Ship or Vessel in the said Port; all such Goods, together with the Chests, Boxes, Casks, may be seized

and other Package whatsoever, containing the fame Goods, or the value thereof, stall be forfeited and loll, and the Vena!

whether Bulk stall then have been broken or not; and the Ship or Vessel, on board which such Goods ftalland Cords are

be so found, with all her Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, stall also be forfeited and lost; provided such Ship confi!caled*

br Vessel doth not exceed the Burthen of fifty Tons; and the fame stall and may be seized, prosecuted, and are tobedif-

condemned, and disposed of, in the same Manner as other forfeited Goods, and Ships or Vessels not exceed- posed of as di-

ing fifty Tons Burthen, are directed to be seized, prosecuted, condemned, and disposed of, by att Act made b> Aa 3

in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act for the further Improvement Gco* 1-c* *x*

* of his Majesty’s Revenue of Customs; and for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures ; and for

4 the Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods from any Part of his Majesty’s Dominions.

XXXIX. And, in order to prevent any collusive Agreements between the Officers of his Majesty’s Cuf-

toms or Excise making Seizures, and the Owners or other Persons concerned in the importing or landing

any Goods liable to Forfeiture ; it is further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That fiom and after the Where onicer*

fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if any Officer of the Customs or Excise, or

other Person authorized to make Seizures, stall seize any Goods as forfeited by this Act; or any Tea,#

foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Strong Waters, or Spirits, as forfeited, by an Act made in the ninth Year

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 4 An Act for indemnifying Persons or A&9 Ceo.t.

4 who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws made for securing the Revenues of Customs and Excise, c. 35.

4 and for enforcing those Laws for the future ;* on board any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, and shall not lcize on Hoard any

and prosecute the Shipor Vessel on board which such Goods stall have been brought, found, or seized ; or VeiM, and not

if any such Officer or Officers stall seize any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, which stall cutVthcShlp or

have been unshipped, landed, removed, or carried, contrary to Law, and shall not also seize and prosecute shall make Sei*-

the Boat, Vessel, Cart, Horse, or other Cattle or Carriage, made ufc of in the removing, carrying, dr ures on Shore,

conveying of such Goods ; and stall not discover to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs or Excise, and not seize and

the Persons concerned in unshipping or receiving such Goods, so that they may be prosecuted for the Penal- ^ni/andPar-

ties incurred by Law for such Offences; such Officer and Officers stall, in each and every such Cafe, in ^age^Lc. em-

lieu and instead of the Moiety or Share which he or they is or are now intitled to by Law upon the Con- pioyed in mn-

demnation of such Goods, be intitled to no more than one-third Part of the net Produce arising by the Sale ring the lame,

of such Goods; and the remaining two-thirds stall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succef-cnd d»^overthe

fors i any Law, Custom, or Ufrgc, to the contrary notwithstanding. ^ned*therein

they arc to receive instead of a Moiety, but one-third of the Produce arising by the Sale; the rest to go to the Crown.

V01.X. P XL. And

