£8o C. zt.", Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.-

^ Kirkhani) ancLattending the Court with the Return thereof, Sixpence; if out of either of the said

Towns, Three-pence more for every Mile.

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant before the Court, One Penny.

' For executing^ every Attachment, Execution or Warrant, against the Body or Goods^ One Shilling j

if out of Town. Three-pence more for every Mile.

For carrying every Plaintiff, Defendant, or Delinquent to Prison, Sixpence more for every Mile.

Table thereof to A Table of which Fees shall, from Time to Time, be hung up by the Clerk of the said Court, in some

the^Court^house co.n^picu®us Part or Parts of the said Court-house or Court-houses, Place or Places, where the said Com-

e ourt- ou c. mjflioners fhai| mee^ so that all Persons concerned may fee and examine the fame.

Peraltyon taking XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Clerk or Serjeant of the said

greater Fee *. Court for the Time bein^, shall take or demand any greater or other Fees or Rewards than what are herein

before mentioned, for their Service in the Execution of this Act, they (ha1-!, for every such Offence, for-

feit and pay such Fine (not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings) as the said

Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall assess and impose, to be levied, if not immediately paid,

% by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Com-

missioners, or any Three or more of them; which Fine, when paid or levied, shall be applied to the Use

of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed.

Clerk »ndSer- XXI. An3 be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Clerk or Serjeant shall be

Si'Uaccdfoi* *f any Misbehaviour, either by Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than before

kcLvi«ur.or mentioned, or otherwise, in the Execution of their respective Offices: that then, upon Complaint and due

Proof thereof made upon Oath, in open Court, the said Commissioners then fitting, are hereby directed and

required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be summoned, by an Advertisement to be inferred

in some publick Newspaper, to meet at a convenient Time in One of their Court-houses; and the major

*\..w . Part of the Commissioners then present, such Majority not being less than Eleven in Number, shall and may

examine and consider the Merits of such Complaint; and if it shall appear to such Commissioners that the

Clerk or Serjeant has or have been guilty of such Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty as aforesaid, in his or

their Office, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, then assembled, to dismiss or

remove such Clerk or Serjeant from his respective Office, and another shall be appointed in manner herein

before directed.

ifo Commission- XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That if any Commissioner of the said Court

ers. Clerk, or for the Time being shall be Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Person

vbtte^aterefted not caPa^e of acting as Commissioner in the hearing and determining such Cause, or making any

‘ Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, but, after being heard in the said Cause, shall withdraw from the

said Court until the fame is finally determined; and if the Clerk or Serjeant of the said Court for the Time

shall be a Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Clerk or Serjeant fh«ll

1 not exercise his Office in the said Cause, or in any Thing relating thereto, but the said Commissioners, or

any Three or more of them assembled at such Court, shall and may depute and appoint another Person to

exercise the said Office of Clerk or Serjeant respectively, in all Things relative to such Cause.

Penalty on in- XXIII. And for the better enforcing the Orders and Decrees from Time to Time by the said Commiifi-

Iblting the Court, oners, and that the Commissioners and the Clerk and Officers of the said Court may be inverted with pro-

per Power and Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any rerfon or Persons shall affront, insult, x>r abuse, all or any of the Commissioners,

Clerk,' or Officers of the said Court for the Time being, during their Sitting in the said Court, or ingoing

to or returning from the same; or shall interrupt the Proceedings of the said Court; or at any Time shall

w affront, insult, or abuse, hinder or obstruct, or attempt or threaten to hinder or obstruct, the Clerk or Ser-

jeant in the lawful Execution of their respective Offices; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com-

missioners, or any Three or more of them, then fitting, or if not then fitting, at the next Court to be held in

the same Parish where such Infultor Misdemeanor shall be committed, to cause a Warrant to be issued by the

Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy, directing such Serjeant to apprehend and take, or cause such Person

‘or Persons so offending as aforesaid to be apprehended and taken before some Justice or Justices of the Peace

for the said County Palatine; and u pon the Fast alledged being proved by the Oath of One or more credible

Witness or Witnesses, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and directed to punish such Per-

t less than 55. son or Persons so offending as aforesaid, byFine not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, nor less than Five

Shillings, which shall be immediately paid into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices before whom such

Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and be paid and applied in like Manner as the Fines herein before

mentioned are directed to be applied; and if the said Offender or Offenders shall not pay the said Fine in

Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices, and he and they is and

are hereby required by Warrant under his and their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause the fame to

be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, or to commit such Person or Persons, so offending

as aforesaid, to some Common Gaol or House of Correction in the said County Palatine, there to remain

for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Months, or until he, she, or they, shall pay the said Fine.

Clausetobeftuck XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the

up in the Court, said Court shall fix or cause to be fixed, or stuck up in some public Part of each of the said Court-houses, or

other Places where the said Commissioners shall meet, a true Copy of the last preceding Clause of this Act, to

the End that no Person or Persons shall or may plead Ignorance thereof. '

Gaol-keepers to XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Keepers for the Time

take into custody being of the respective Common Gaols, or Houses of C orrection within the said County Palatine, shall and

may* and they are hereby required and commanded, to receive and take into their Custody respectively, all

y J 9 and

to be levied by

Distress.

