634 C. 42.

Anno nono Georgii III.

Ai 1D» 1769,

firs in Act 2 Geo,

3. c to ar.A

0tkv Acts.

r not taking such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; such several Penalties to be recover-

anJ n* ec* Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVtJi-

Ca uins L?cu. tninster, wherein no Efloin, Wager of Law, or Protection, or more than'One Imparlance shall be al-

tmantf,’and En-lowed; One Moiety whereof shall go to the Use of the Person who shall sue for the same, and the other

to be rc- Moiety to the Uses herein After dirtfted.

covered determined by Ac- XV. And be it enacted, That in every Action, Suit, or Information brought against: any Person for

p^of1of Quilt* a^*nS as Deputy Lieutenant, Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant, or Ensign,

on 11 ot being qualified as herein before is directed, the Proof of his Qualification shall lie upon the Person

rh* Person fu«H: against whom the fame is brought.

Peers, cr Heirs XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be.

0fC0*^ru^ to extend, to restrain His Majesty’s Lieutenant of any County, Riding, Division, or Place,

anointed (rom appointing any Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of any such Peer, to be a Deputy Lieutenant,

Deputy, i.irute- or a Commission Officer in the Militia, within the County, Riding, Division, or Place wherein such

runts or officers, Peer, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, shall respectively have some Place of Residence; or to oblige any

^t:hont deliver- peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of such Peer (so appointed a Deputy Lieutenant or Commission

fcadoa ^ respectively j to lea\e with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place,.

a 0J>* for which he shall be appointed, any Qualification in Writing as aforesaid; but it (nail be lawful for eve-

ry Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of such Peer so appointed, and taking the Oaths, and making.

Oaths'8 the repeating, and subscribing the Declaration aforesaid, to act as a Deputy Lieutenant cr Commission Of-

al s> c* ficer respectively, although he shall not be seised or possessed of any such Estate in Manors, Messuages,.

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as is required by this Act.

fcccit*] of cisu- XVII. And whereas by an Act made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

4 An Act to explain, amende and reduce into One Afl of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating

4 to the Raising and Training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England, it is enacted, That

in all Counties and Places where the Militia shall not have been raised in pursuance of the-farme r Act

4 relating thereto, and where it should not be raised in pursuance of the said Act, the Sum of Five Pound*

4 should be annually paid in lieu of every Private Man to be raised within the lame; and that the Juf-

c' tices of the Peace, at the General Quarter-sessions, should rate and assess on such County or Place the

4faid Sum of Five Pounds per Man, and levy and collect the fame in the same Manner, in all Refoefts^

4 as the County Rates are; by m Act of^he Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty Kin "George

^ the Second, or any other Act or Acts mf Parliament, to be raised, anefled, collected, levied, paid, and

4 accounted for; and that the said Rates and Sums so raised, afiefled, collected, and levied, should be

paid by the Treasurer of such County to the Receiver-general thereof, whose Receipt should be a suffi-

4 cient Dtfcharge for such Payment: And-whereas by several other Acts relating to the Militia, passed

4' in the Fourth, Fifih, and Sixth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, divers Provisions are made, ani

4 Powers and Directions are given, for raising the said Sum of Five Pounds per Man, within all fitch

4 Counties and Places wherein the Militia had not been raised, or should not be raised, and for enfotjrinj^

the Payment thereof: And whereas, notwifhstanding the Diregions contained in the said several Acts,

4 several of the Counties within that Part of Great Britain called England, have neither raised any Mili-

4 tia, nor paid the said Five Pounds per Man per Annum, according to the Directions of the said several

4 Acts, whereby they'avoid contributing to the Support of Government with such Counties as have raised

and trained the Militia in Compliance with the Directions of the said Act: And whereas it is just and

reasonable, that all His Majesty's Subjects should contribute equally to the Support of His Majesty*s

r«ted Acts as ^Government* and the Defence of these Kingdoms;' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

btes to the raif-That so much of the said several in Part recited Acts as relates to the raising of the said Sum and Suras

ing 5I. per Man, of Five Pounds perMan, within all such Counties and Places wherein the Militia hath not been raised,

^here the Mill Gr {hould not be raised, and to the enforcing the Payment thereof, shall be, and the fame is hereby de-

IlifaiVto Glared to be repealed.

Where the Miii- XVIII. And be it enacted, That His MajestyV Lieutenant, or Three Deputy Lieutenants, for every.

,ui has been, or County or Place within that Part of Great Britain called England, where the Militia has been or shall be

ihaii be raised, » raised, shall yearly, and every Year, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of December, certify to the Cleric,

thereof is'to* be ^ Peace every County or Place respectively, that the Militia of such County or Place hath been_

Certified by the raised,. and when and at what Time the fame was first raised, the Names, Number, and Rank of Offi-N

.Lieutenant, &c. cers, and the Number of Private Men of the Militia in the Year when such Certificate is made, and the

to the Clerk of respective Times of such Militia been trained and exercised in the Year in which such Certificate is made^.

tb* *hCaCC be Certificate shall, by the Clerk of the Peace who shall receive the same, be delivered to the Justices^

delivered by him°^ ^ Peace at their General Quarter-sessions to be held next after the Twenty-fifth Day of December in

to the next Ge- every Year, on the Day on which such Sessions shall be opened, and shall file the fame araongst the Re-

nerai Quarter- cords of such Sessions, so that the true State of the Militia in each County may appear.

fefliom, to be filed amongst the Records:

*Uk nhCTt Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every County and Place wherein no such Certificate -

made the clerk ^rom Majesty’s Lieutenant, or Three Deputy Lieutenants, shall be delivered to the Clerk of the

of the Peace is Peace as aforesaid, that the Clerk of the Peace of every such County or Place shall, and is hereby re—

to certify such quired, at the General Quarter-sessions of the Peace to be held next after the Twenty-fifth Day,of Decern-

Omrifion accord- her in every Year, to certify, under his Hand and Seal, to the Justices of the Peace so assembled at their

*' said General Quarter-sessions, on the Day such Session shall be opened, that be hath not received from

Hit,

