A.D. 1765.

Ann6 quinta Georgii III.

C.38.

77

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to continue Part oF an Act made in the Thirtieth Yev of the Reign of his late Ma-

jesty King Gtcrge the Second, intituled, An Act to render more the several Laws now

in being for the Amendment and Prefrvation of the Publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of

this Kingdom j and for making further Provisions for the Preservation of the said Roads.

WHEREAS by an A made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King GeorgePreimblf, reclu-

the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Lqvjs now in being, for the Amend- ‘jj*1CI*“fes ,n

mer.t and Prefer vetim of the Publick Highways and Turnpike Roads cf this Kingdom, it was, amongst other *123° e3'a*

Things, enacted, That during the Time of seven Years, to be computed from the twenty-fourth Day sec farther

of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue 6O0. 3 c.41.

or under the Authority of an Aof Parliament made, or to be made, for making, repairing, or amend- 7^*3 c 4°-

inj. T urnpike Roads, or such Perf " ~ ~ °

and they are hereby required to dt

the Ftiiies of the Wheels thereof

least, at the Bottom or Sole thereof, or for the Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing the fame, one half reptjUdbf 7

more than the Tolls or Duties which are or (lull be payable for the lame respectively by any Act or Ge9t 3*

Acts of Parliament made, or to be made, for making, amending, or repairing. Turnpike Roads; except

Carts or Carriages drawn by one Horse or two Oxen, or by two Horses or four Oxen, having the Fel-

lies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gage of fix Inches at the Bottom, from Side to Side : And

it is by the said Act recited. That there arc in several Acts of Parliament made for making, amending,

and repairing. Turnpike Roads, Exemptions allowed from Payment of Tolls in particular Cafes in the

said Acts respectively mentioned, and Liberties allowed in particular Cafes to pay lefl'er Tolls than arc

charged upon other Waggons, Carts, or Carriages, pnfling through Turnpike Gates or Bars ; and that

itwculd tend to the Advantage and Preservation of Tu npike Roads, to confine such Kxempt:on.%

Liberties, Privileges, and Advantage?, to Carriages with Wheels of the Breadth or Gage of nine Inches;

it is therefore enacted, That during the Time art>refaid, no Person shall, by virtue of any of the fail

Acts of Parliament, have, claim, or take, the Benefit or Advantage of any Exemption frooi Tolls, or

Part of 1 oils, or to pay IcflerToll for or in respect of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage,

rr lloif s drawing the fame, than other Carriages of the like Nature ought to pay, unless such Waggon,-

Wain, Cart, or Carriage, have Fellies of the Whcc’s thereof of the Breadth or Gage cf nine Indie,

except as before excepted : And it is thereby also enacted, That, during the Time afiuefaid, it {hull not4

be lawful for any Waggon or Wain, having the Fell cs of the Wheels thereof of the Bre a ch or Gage,

of nine Inches as aforesaid, to pals upon any Turnpike Head, or through any Turnpike Gate or Ba*-,

unless the fame be drawn by Horses, or Bearts of Draught, in Pairs; provided,-that where there is an

odd Horse, cr Peart of Draught, belonging to such Waggon or Wain, it should be lawful for such odd

Horse, or Beall of Draught, to draw such Waggon or Wain, together with the ether Horses, or Heart

of Draught drawir^ in Pairs; and previdtd, that such Horses, or Beasts of Draught, do not in the

Whole exceed the Number of Horses, or Hearts of Di?"ght, allowed by Law; and that it should not he

lawful fer any Waggon or Wain, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth, or Gage tinn

nine Inches to pass upon any Turnpike Rond, or through any Turnpike Gate or Bar, if the f,mc be

drawn by Horses, or Hearts of Draught, in Pairs, and not by Oxen : And it is hereby like wile enacted.

That any Person driving, or causing to be driven, on any Turnpike Road, any Common Srage Waggon

thereby prohibited, fh.il 1 be punished for the fame by Indiftnnnt or Information, rnJ fhdl, at the

Election of the Prosecutor or Informer, for every such Offence, be subject and 1 able to the like Penal-

ties and Forfeitures as the Owners of Waggons and Carriages hiving the bellies of the Wheels of KTs

Preadth or Gage than nine Inches from Side to Side, are made subject and liable to, by an Act made in

the twenty-sixth Ytarof the Reign of his late Majesty King Geotgt the Second, intituled, An Act fir the 2 '

Amendment and Prefer vat ion of the Publick Highways and Turnpike R:n:h cf this Kingdom, and fir t!’C m>rc f.r\f ’

ejfftual Execution of tie Laws relating thereto ; to be paid and applied to such Utes and P.irpoles, and r

to be levied and recovered, as is thereby directed ; and that no Comp fition Hull be made for or in re-///.-«//}7

spect of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, or Horses, or B ids cf Draught, drawing the l ime, 3 04*.

unless such Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Carriages, have the bellies of the Wheels theieof of the

B.rndth or Gage of nine Inches, except as before excepted :* And whereas it will tend to the Advantage

'<1 Preservation of Turnpike Roads, that so much of the said Act as is herein before recited should be $0 much of the

fur* her ntiuutd ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s niort Excellent Majvfty, by and with the Ad- AO hc»c

vice and Conlcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this piertnr Parliament ..f "fird as h not

£ mbled, and by the Authority of the same. That so much of the fi d Act a? is herein before recited,’

fEftl (except only where the fame is hereby altered or varied 1 tc further continued from ih- laid twenty-

Ge9,

o*. ticrwic a I cr*

..1 by Il*tn A^l,

1 n r

f ourth D*. v of 'June, one thousand seven hundied and lix: , five, for and during the Ti».*e or Te;m of u>r further i>rm

ot t Year*,

to con- C!. jfr In thr re-

lic 1

1 to

ox rem

f v~n Years.

H. Provided always. That nothing herein contained fhft! extend, or be confi

finer a Clause in the said Act, which cnacN, Tnsf, dwrir g the Continuance of ti.c iaiu rtet, the Tirltacs oud Atf.prar*-

?; pointed or to be appointed by virtue or under the Authority cf any Act of Ra liument made, or to tic i-iucunr

1 made,

Cioooole

