The TITLES of the STATUTES.

42. An Act te> indemnify such Persons in Great Britain

and Ireland. as have omitted to qualify themselves for

Offices and Employments within the 'l ime limited by

Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose *,

for allowing. furtlver Time for-registering and inrolling

Agreements entered into for enclosing Commons, for

the Purpose of plaining and preserving Trees for Tim-

ber or Underwood; and for indemnifying Persons who

ha\c omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution

of Indentuies of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

43. An Act for repealing the Duties upon Bast or Straw,

Chip, Cane, and Horsehair Hats aixl Bonnets, and upon

certain Materials for making the same, imported into

this Kingdom; and for granting other Duties in lieu

thereof; and for the more cffeftual preventing the frau-

dulent Importation of such Goods.

44. An Act for more effectually preventing Traders in

Exciseable Commodities from using false Weights and

Scales; and for explaining and amending several Acts of

Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

45. An Act to prevent the further Spreading of the con-

tagious Dilorder among the Horned Cattle in Great

Britain.

46. An Act for establishing a Lottery, and for other Pur-

poses therein mentioned. ,

47. An Act for better regulating Persons employed in the

Service of the East India Company, and for other Pur-

poses therein mentioned.

4S. An Act for making the Receiving of stolen Jewels,

and Gold and Silver Plate, in the Cafe of Burglary and

Highway Robbery, more penal.

49. An Act for continuing and amending several Acts for

preventing Abuses in making Bricks and Tiles.

50. An Act for the further preventing Delays of Justice by

reason of Privilege of Parliament.

51. An Act to encourage the Improvement of Lands, Te-

nements, and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Bri-

tain called Scotland, held under Settlements of strict

Entail.

57. An Act for granting to his Majesty. a certain Sum of

Money out of the Sinking Fund 5 and for applying cer-

tain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the

Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy y and for

further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session

of Parliament.

53. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the thirty-first Year

of the Reign of his late Majesty King Gkorce the

Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Coal-

heaven working upon the River Thames; and for enabling

them to make Provision for such of them]elves as shall be sick,

lame, or pa ft their Labour, and for their H'ldows and

O am; and to regulate the Price of their Labour; to

prevent Frauds and Impositions on such Labourers; and

for their further Relief.

54. An Act for amending the Road from Saint Stephen s

Gate, in the City of Norwich, to Block Hill in Trowfe,

at the Angle where the Road divides to Bixley and Kirby,

in the County of Norfolk.

54. An Act for 1 epairing and widening several Roads in

the County of Cardigan.

56. An Act for the better maintaining, regulating, and

employing, the Poor within the Paiifti of Saint Paul

Shaduiell, in the County of ATuLicficx.

57. An Act for the better regulating the Navigation of the

River 7rent, from ll'Ldtn Ferry, otherwise Cuvendish

Bridge, in the County of Derby, to Galnjlorough, in the

County of Lincoln.

58. An Act for amending the Road from Ayleftury, in the

County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton*

to the Turnpike Road between Bcnfington and Shilling-

ford, in the County of Oxford.

59. An Act to continue and render more efllftual an Act

of the thirty-first Year of his late Majesty, lor repairing

several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon,

leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis; and

for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at the

Three Ashes, in the Parish of Crewkcrnc, in the County

of Semerft, and other Roads therein mentioned.

60. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aftfc

for amending the Road from Chtijlcpher*s Bridge, in the

Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the

North-east End of the Town of Newmarket, in the

County of Cambridge.

6j. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act

made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late

Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leeds to Shcffeld%

in the County of York, so far as the fame relates to the

Road from Leeds to Wakefield-.

62. An Act for the repairing, widening, and keeping in

Repair, the Road leading from Eaton Bridge Turnpike

Road at Cockham Hill, in the Parish of Uefterham, in

the County of Kent, through the Village of Limpsjield9

to the Village of Titfey, over Bet ley Hill, Worms Heathy

and Willingham Common, to the Turnpike Road leading

from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surry.

63. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Upton, in the Parish of Ratley, to the North End of

Bridge Street, in the Town of Great Kington; and from

thence to the Guide Post at the Town of Wellefbournt

Hastings, in the County of Warwick.

64. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Lewes to Bright!) elm ft on, in the County of Suftex.

65. An Act for repairing the Road from the Bridge on the

Old River at Barton, to Brandon Bridge, in the County

of Suffolk.

I 66. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Tunstall, in the County of Stafford, to Bofilcy in the

County of Cheyler; and from Great Chell, to Shelton in

the said County of Stafford.

67. An Act for amending and widening the Road from

Saint Bened'UVs Gate, in the County of the City of Nor-

wich, to Swaff/.am, in the County of Norfolk, and from

Halfpenny Bridge in Honingham, to the Bounds of Tax-

ham \ and also a Lane called Hangman s Lane, near the

Gates of the said City.

68. An Act for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the

Powers, of several Acts of Parliament made for repair-

ing the Road from Ipfwieh to Cleulon, and several other

Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Suffolk

69. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of

the eighteenth Year of the Reign of King Gf.orge the

Second, for repairing the Road from Bitmingham, in

the County of Warwick (through Eimdom) to a Lane

leading by the End of Stonebridge in the said County.

70. An Act to enlarge the Term contained in two several

Acts of Parliament, and to grant a further Term and

Powers for the more effectual repairing, widening, and

amending the Road from a Place called Earl's Kill in

- Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgatein Wigan, both

in the County of Lancaster.

71. An Act to continue tw.o Acts, of the third and seven-

teenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second,

for repairing the Road leading Irom Galuy Corner, ad-

joining to Enfield Chace, in the Parish of South Alims,

in

u.ooooie

