A. D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 48. 129

second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, with respect to the Augmentation thereby granted of

the Sala»ies of the faiJ Judges.

XII And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at

any time or times, be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or to be done or executed in

pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and

may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence ; and if, upon General Iflle.

the Trial, a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become

nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against Treble Cost*.

such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

'CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Manufactured Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts,

and Silk Gloves, into Great Britain and the British Dominions ; and for rendering more

effectual an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining,

amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign

of King Henry the Seventh, intituled. Silk Works.

4 /HERE AS the Importation of Foreign Manufactured Silk Stockings,Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, into Preamble.

4 yV Great Britain, and the British Dominions, is greatly prejudicial to the Trade and Manufactures of

* this Kingdom, and tends to the depriving of his Majesty’s Subjects of the Means of supporting themselves

4 and their Families For Remedy whereof, may it plealeyour Majesty, that it may be enacted ; and be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Forc'Sn Mantt*

if any Foreign Manufactured Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, shall, from and after the twenty- 5^ s^silk

^fourth Day of one thousand seven hundred and Gxty-five, be imported, brought, or conveyed, into Mi us,'or Silk

this Kingdom, or any Part of the British Dominions, the fame (nail be, and are hereby declared to be, for- cloves, are pro-

sited, and shall be liable to be searched for and seized, in like Manner as other prohibited and uncustomed hibitedto beim-

<joods are, and shall be disposed of as is herein after mentioned; and every Person or Persons who shall Porlcdafter*♦

bring, convey, or import, or shall cause to be brought, conveyed, or imported, into this Kingdom, or any £enaityofFo°r-

Part of the British Dominions, any such Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves* or shall be aiding, fciturc. and the

abetting, or assisting therein, or being a Vender or Venders, Retailer or Retailers, of any Kind of Silk Persons*assisting

Stockings, Mitts or Gloves, in whose Custody or Possession any such Foreign Manufactured Silk Stock- therein, or Deal-

4ngs, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, shall be found, or who shall fell, or expose to Sale, any such Silk Stock- *rs> wfho!f

ings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, or who shall conceal any such Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, cLL be

with Intent to prevent the Forfeiture or Seizure of the fame, shall, over and above the Forfeiture and Loss f0Und, or expos-

of such Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, and all Interest which he, (he, or they, may have ingthemt©

-therein, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds, together with Costs Sa,c» forfcit

of Suit. also a<X)1,

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Silk Stockings, where such

Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, shall be found and seized in that Part of Great Britain called England, out of ^™d* fndfcit-

the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and the fame shall e^oJt of LonI

not exceed in Value the Sum of twenty Pounds ; it shall and may be lawful for two or more of his Ma- don, or Weekly

jesty’s Justices of the Peace for such County, City, Borough, or Place, where the fame shall be so found Bill*, not exceed-

and seized, upon Information before them that such Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, were seized in

as Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, unduly brought into, and not manufactured within this

Kingdom, to hear and determine the fame, and to proceed to Condemnation or Dikharge thereof, as shall County or pia<*

seem just j any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. may proceed to

Condemnation or Discharge thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That forthwith after the Seizure of any Silk Seizures, if made

Stockings, Silk Mitts, or Silk Gloves, as aforesaid, the fame shall be deposited in one of the King’s Ware- within London

houses belonging to the Custom-house, in case such Seizure happens to be within the Cities of London or

tfrejlminster^ or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, where the fame shall be received and admitted at all Times °fQ be'dcpofued

-by the proper Officer or Officers there, who is and are hereby impowered and required to receive and pre- in the King’*

/erve the fame ; and in case such Seizure shall be made out of the said Cities of London and Westminster, and Warehcufes; if

the Weekly Bills of Mortality, then the fame shall be deposited in the Hands of the Chief Magistrate of made cl few here,

such City, Town, or Place, where the fame shall be seized, or in the Hands of the Constable of the next chief

adjacent Village, who is and are impowered and required to receive and preserve the fame ; and all and Magnate, or

every such Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, may, from time to time, be viewed and inspected tonitable/and

by any Person or Persons, on Behalf of the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, or of the Person or Persons inteieft- to be viewed,

cd in or claiming the said Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, with the Leave of the Court, Om- with Leave

cers. Judges, or Justices, where or before whom any Prosecution or Suit shall be carried, for Condemna-

tion thereof, or for Recovery of any Penalty by this Act inflicted, who are and is hereby required to make

and give such Orders, from time to time, for that Purpose, as may be just and reasonable ; and after Con- *nd aftcrCon-

demnation thereof in due Coutfe of Law, all and every such Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves, IXkkinfold

shall be publickly sold to the best Advantage for Exportation by the Candle \ and one Moiety of the Pro- for Exportation

Vol. X. S duce.

,

