138 C. 5c.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

and to f;ll the

Materials 1

And if the Par*

ties interfiled

/hall retufe to

treat for the Sale

of the PrernilfeSj

after Notice

given,

or shall not agree

about the Price,

the Com mi f-

fionsrs may

cause the Value

and Damages to

be inquired into,

and aifelfed by a

and may exa-

mine upon Oath

such Witnesses

as shall be necef-

fary touching

the PiemiireSj

and order the

Jury to view the

Places in ques-

tion, Sec.

Commitlicners

to adjudge the

Muncy alll’fied

to be paid to the

Parties mte-

refte ); and such

Verdict and Ad-

judication is to

be final and

conclusive j

and the Parties

thereupon to be

divrlied of the

Pxcnull'cs.

ConrmiiflSoners

to illhe their

"Warrants to the

Hieh llail iff or

Sheriff, for sum-

moning and re-

turning such

Jury, who are to

lVmmon and re-

turn such jury

accordingly > and

♦or ’.vant of a

Aifficien: Num-

ber appearing,

unypf the Sund-

ers-by may be

returned.

Jury may be

chailcnged.

C ;mm,ffioners

impowered to

lioe t ie High

P.ulilf and 5he-

r:if, or their De-

puties, making

IVf.iult in the

VreiniiTes j

A.D. 1765.

the Materials thereof to be removed and taken away, or fold, and the Money arising from such Sale to

become the Property of the Commissioners, and to be disposed of for the before-mentioned Purposes: And

this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Commissioners, and all Persons authorized by them, against;

the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any of the said Owners or Occupiers, as if the fame

had been sold by Deed of Feoffment, Bargain and Sale, or other Assurance in the Law, or by Fine and

Recovery, or by any other Conveyance whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Body Politick, Corporate, or;

Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians,

Committees, or other Trustees, Femes-covert, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, in any wise.*

interested in any of the said Premisses, upon ten Days Notice to them given, or left in Writing at the

House or Houses, Place or Places of Abode, of such Person or Persons, or of the Treasurer, Secretary,

Clerk, or other Officer officiating as Secretary, Clerk, or Treasurer, of such Body Politick, Corporate,

or Collegiate, or Aggregate or Sole, or at the House, Shop, Shed, or other Place, of the Tenant in Pof-

fession of such Premisses, shall neglect of refuse to treat, or shall not agree for the Sale of any such Pre-

tniffes, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for their Interest therein; then, and in every such Cafe, the said

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall cause the Value of the Premisses to be inquired into and.

ascertained, by and upon the Oath of a Jury of twelve indifferent Men of the City and Liberty of West-

minster% or County of Middlfex, as the Cafe shall require (which Oath the said Commissioners, or anyv

five or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to administer) what Damages will be sustained.

by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to, such Owners, Occupiers, or Proprietors, or

other Person or Persons interested in the Premisses before mentioned, or any Part or Parts thereof, which

the said Commissioners shall want to remove, pull down, or take away, for their respective Interests therein

and in order thereunto, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered and.

required, from time to time, as there shall be occasion, to summon and call before the said Jury, and exa-

mine upon Oath all Persons whatsoever, who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as.'

Witnesses touching or concerning the Premisses; which Oath the said Commissioners, or any three or

more of them, are hereby impowered and required to administer; and if any of the Parties interested shall'

request the fame, or the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think it necessary, {hall,

also cause the said Jury to view the Place or Places in question, and shall use all other lawful Ways and

Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s better Information in the Premisses, in such Man-*

ner as they the said Commissioners, or any five of them, shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall.

have so inquired of, ascertained, and settled, such Damage and Recompence, they the said Commissioners*

or any five or more of them, shall thereupon order ana adjudge the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed

by the said Jury for such Premisses as aforesaid, to be paid to the Persons interested in the said Premisses,.

or any Part or Parts thereof, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict

and Inquisition, and the Order and Adjudication so had and made, shall be final and conclusive to all In-

tents and Purposes, against all Parties or Persons whatsoever, claiming in Possession, Reversion* Remain-

der, or otherwise, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, and Successors respectively, as well absent as.

present. Infants, Femes-covert, Lunaticks, Idiots, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever*.

Bodies Politick, Corporate, cr Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Person or Persons whom-

soever; and all and every such Owners, Occupiers, and Proprietors, and all and every Person and Persons-

in any wise interested in the Premisses, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall thereby be, from and after the.

Money so assessed and adjudged as aforesaid shall be paid, tendered, or left, as herein after directed, to.

all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Property, of, in, to,*or out of*

the fame.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the summoning and returning of

such Jury or Juries, the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered, fronv

time to time, to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the High Bailiff of Westminster, or to the Sheriff of

the said County, thereby requiring him or them to impanel, summon, and return, an indifferent Jury of

twenty-four Persons to appear before the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at such Tima

and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, of which Time and Place all Parties interested shall

have ten Days Notice given or left in Manner heiein last before mentioned; and the said High Bailiff on

Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impanel, summon, and return, ,such

twenty-four Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impanelled, summoned, and returned, or out

of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, the said Commissioners, or any fiye

or more of them, shall cause to bt sworn twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and

for Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said High Bailiff or sheriff, or his or their Deputy or

Deputies, shall return so many of the Standers-by as shall be necessary to make up the Number of twelve

to serve on such Jury.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons con-

cerned shall, from time to time, have their lawful Challenges (but not to challenge the Array of the

Pannel) against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Commissioners, or

any five or more of them, acting in the Premisses, shall have Power, from time to time, to impose any

reasonable Fine or Fines on such I!:gh Bailiff or Sheriff, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs, or

Agents, making Default in the Premisses, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned

on such Jury, and shall not appear or refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or to give their Verdict, or ia

any Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act 1

and on any of the Persons who, being required to give Evidence touching the Premisses, shall refuse tQ

be

