A. D. 1767; Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 53* 417

IV. And, for the better putting this AS in Execution, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Two Meeting#

That the Uid Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall meet twice in every Year; videlicet, upon ^helUnU

the second IVedneJdny in ///>ri7, and the second IVedncjday in Ofiober, and at such other Time or Times as *car‘

they shall fee Cause or think convenient, and in such Place, in one of the Town3 aforementioned, as shall

be appointed by any five or more of the said Commissioners, by Notice in Writing signed by any five or

more of them, and affixed upon the Church-door or Church-yard Gate of every the respective Town or

Pariftes fix Days at least before any such Meeting (the said Notices being first read in the respective

Churches on some Lord’s Day immediate'y after Divine Service ended); the first Meeting to be at the

Su.au in Bctujh;im> upon the third IVcdncfday after the passing this Act; but the said Commissioners may,

from time to time, adjourn themselves, and meet again pursuant to such Adjournment, as often as they

shall think proper, without giving such Notice as aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That towards defraying the Expences of the said Allowmce to

Commissioners, upon Account of their Attendance at any the Meetings to be held as aforesaid for putting Commissioners.

this Act in Execution, a Sum not exceeding one Shilling shall be paid by the Collector or Receiver of the

Rates and Taxes for each of the said Commissioners present at any such Meeting, and shall be allowed in

the Accounts of such Collector or Receiver as so much Money paid for the rurposes of this Act ; any

Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Commissioners, or any five dr Powers of

more of them, or their Successors, are hereby authorised, and shall have Power, from time to time, to scour drainim.

•ut or stop up and turn such Loads, Cuts, and Drains, and to repair and support such Banks and Sluices,

and alfotomake such new Cuts, Drains, Dams, Banks, Tunnels, and Outlets through the said Fens and

Low Grounds, or any Part thereof, so bounded and described as aforesaid, and to erect such Works and

Engines thereupon for draining and conveying the Waters from the same ; and further to take and use such

Earth and Ground near or adjoining to the said Banks as shall be necessary for the making, railing,

flrengrhening, and maintaining thereof, as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, assembled at

such Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, shall think necessary and proper; and also to make Orders and

Eive Directions for carrying on, and for the better Government and more orderly Management of all the

iid Works, and the Maintenance thereof.

VII. Provided always, That if the said Commissioners shall make, or cause to be made, any Bank, Cut, SatliftAJon tm

Drain, Dam, Tunnel, Outlet, or other Work, in or through any Lands or Grounds within the Limits b« made for

aforesaid ; or erect or make, or cause to be erected or made, any Engine or Engines, or other Work there- Damage#,

upon, or shall take or use any Earth or Ground thereout, they shall pay such a reasonable Satisfaction to

the Person or Persons having Right to the said Grounds in or through which such Bank, Cut, Drain,

Dam, Tunnel, Outlet, or other Work shall be made, or whereupon such Engine or Engines, or other

Work, shall be erected, or from whence such Earth or Ground shall be taken or used, for the Damage

done thereby, as shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners assembled as aforesaid, or the major

Part of them, such major Part not being less than five, and the Person or Persons having Right to such

several Grounds ; and if the said Commissioners and such Persons cannot agree about the Value of such

Dama.e, then as shall be act'efled and adjudged reasonable by the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part

of them not inferefted in the Premises, or in the Fen Lands to be drained by virtue of this Act, at any

General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the said County of Cambridge, within twelve Months

after such Damage shall bf* done.

VIII. Provided also. That if the said Commissioners shall find it more convenient for the Draining, to Negation# not

turn either Bottijham, Swaflbam Bulbeck, or Reach, Loads, they shall turn them into their ancient Channels to be changed,

reflectively, and not otherwise ; and in such Cafe shall cause the respective old Load to be sufficiently '

scoured out for Navigation as soon as conveniently may be.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five CommWfioners

or more of them, assembled at any such Meeting or Meetings to be held as aforesaid, shall have full Power, nuv appoint

and are hereby authorised, to appoint one or more Collector or Collector?, Receiver or Receivers, and Dfhcen.

such other proper Officer or Officers, with such reasonable Salaiics for making and taking Care of such

Works, and for collecting the Rates and Assessments a lie fled, or to be a tic fled, by virtue of this Act, as

the said Commissioners, or the major Part of ihcm (such major Part being not less than five) assembled

at such Meeting or Meetings, shall think proper; which said Collector or Colleftois, Receiver or Rc-

-ccivers, or other Officer or Officers to be appointed as aforesaid, may be altered and removed at the Will

and Pleasure of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them (such major Part being not less than

five) assembled at any such Mtetirg or Meetings to be held as aforesaid, who shall and may chufc and

appoint another or others in the Room or Stead of the Person or Persons so altered and removed, as they

the said Commissioners (lull fee Occasion; and such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, and

other Officer or Officers, so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, before he or they shall act in the

Execution of their fevcial Offices, shall give such Security for the due and faithful Execution of such

their respective Offices, and for performing the several TruAs committed to them, as the said Commis*

ftoners in their Discretion shall require.

* X. And whereas, for carrying on and effecting the said Work of draining, and securing the Repay-

4 ment of such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be borrowed for that Purpose, it will be necessary that

4 certain Taxes should be laid on all the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, as well the Commons as

* Scverals : And forasmuch as the fame are not only very different in the natural Richncfs and Barrenness

* of their Soil, but some Parrs thereof will be more me liorated and improved by being better and more

4 fectirclv drained than others, for which Reason it would be unjuit to charge all the said Fen Lands with i

Vol. X. 3 II 4 an '

