662 C. 14.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A. D.

CommlflJonen

•hay infj>c&

Peoii Kates.

1770'.'

such Manner as the other Rates and Assessments are hereby dire#ed to be collected and accounted for r

• ' And in case of the Refusal of any of the Inhabitants or Refiants to pay. their respective A lie Aments,

the fame are to be recovered as the other Rates are hereby directed to be recovered.

Ry.isto be'fixed XXXIX. And, in order to prevent Accidents from the Want of proper Rails being placed upon the

upon the cC3>,f< Quays near the Harbour called Sutton Pool in the said Town, be it enacted. That the several Owners

or Proprietors of the several Quays adjoining to the said Harbour shall, with all convenient Speed from

and after the passing this A#, cause proper Rails to be placed and fixed upon the said Quays next the

said Harbour, and shall, from Time to Time, keep the fame in proper Repair; or, in Default thereof,

the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and required ; with all

convenient Speed, to order the fame to be properly raised or repaired; and the Expence attending the

fame shall be to the said Commissioners, or to thtir Freafurer or Clerk, or to such other Person as they

shall for that Purpose appoint; and in Default of Payment, the fame may be recovered by A#ion of

Debt, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record, in the Name of any Two of the said Commissioners, or

their Clerk, with-full Coils of Suit.

tSmmrflW.fr* XL. And be it fur ther enabled. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or

irxX^Cuntrafls* any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to

U#J contract with any Person or Persons for the paving, relaying, repairing, raising, lowering, amending,

altering, cleansing, watching, and lighting the said Streets, Lanes, and Panages within the said Borough, or

with any Person or Persons to be otherwise employed for the Purposes of this A#; which Contract or

Contracts shall specify the Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the fame, and the Time and

Times when such W orks shall be performed or compleated, and the Penalty to be suffered in case of

Nonperformance thereof; and the fame shall be signed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more

of them, and by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works ; and the said Commissioners,

or any Seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to pay such Sum or Sums of Mo-

ney for such respective Works as they shall so contract and agree for, out of the Money raised for the Pur-

poses of this A#.

XLI. And be it further ena#cd. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any

Seven or more of them, or any Person or Persons by them authorised under their Hands, from Time to

Time, to inspe# the Poors RatC3 of and for the said Town, and to take Copies or Extra#s therefrom,

which the Overseer or Overseers, or other Person or Persons having the Custody thereof respe#ively, is or

are hereby required, on producing such Order as aforesaid, to permit and fuft’er to be made and taken,

without Fee or Reward; and on Refusal thereof by the Overseer or Overseers, or other Person or Persons

as aforesaid, he or they so refusing shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for each such Offence ;

to be recovered by the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, by A#ion of Debt, in any of

His Majesty’s Courts of Record, with Coils of Suit.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the

fir’d Watchmen, or any of them, and they are hereby respe#ively authorised and required, during the Time

of their keeping Watch and W7ard, to apprehend and lecure in the Watch-house, or forne Place of Safe-

ty, all such Malefaclors, Disturbers of the King’s Peace, and all such suspe#cd Persons who shall be

found wandering or misbehaving themselves, and to carry the Person or Personsr (as soon as conveniently

may be) before some Julliee of the Peace for the said Borough, to be examined and dealt with accord-

ing to Law.

Lem to indofe XLIII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any

^e,orC Hoi!rM Seven or more of them, or the Surveyor or Surveyors, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands,

rcpa^rifli£.ding °T to 2*ve Liberty aru* Licence to any of the Proprietors and Inhabitants within the said Borough, or their

^ ' Builders, or Workmen, to make such Inclosure before their respe#ive Houses, in order to the pulling

down, rebuilding, or repairing the fame, or any Vault, Drain, or Building belpnging thereto, and for lay-

ing the necessary Materials for the fame, and the Rubbish arising therefrom; and no Person or Persons

* acting under such Licence, and in pursuance thereof, shall, during the Time thereby to be limited, be

fubjc# or liable to any of the Penalties aforesaid.

Acrounti to be XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners fomc Time

’between the Twenty-fifth Day of March and the Twenty-fourth Day of June in every Yean, shall cause

j!n InfotkioT, a ^a‘r anc* Account to be made and wrote out of all Monies received and paid by virtue or in pursuance

of this A# and how and to whom, and when, and for what Purposes, the fame have been laid out, paid, and

expended ; a Copy or Duplicate of whichJAccount, signed bylSeven or more of the said Commissioners, shall

be deposited with the Clerk of the Commissioners, who (half permit any Person so rated as aforesaid, to in-

✓ spe# the fame at feasonable Times, paying One Shilling for such Inspe#ion; and shall, upon Demand,

forthwith give Copies of the fame, or any'Part thereof, to such Person, paying at the Rate of Three-pence

for every hundred Words, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Number; which Account and

Copy, or Duplicate thereof, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby impowered

and required to cause to be wrote out, signed, and delivered accordingly,

of An- XLV. And for the better avoiding and preventing Annoyances in the Streets, Lanes, and Passages in the

#oyaiice«. said Town, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Cart,Waggon, or other Wheel

Carriage, shall be permitted to remain in any of the Streets in the said Town, but in order to the loading

or unloading thereof, and for either of those Purposes not longer than the Space of Two Hours .at any one

Time, or such other reasonable Time as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall order

and permit; and then only in such Parts of the said Streets, where there can and shall be left sufficient Space

for any other loaded Waggon or other Carriage to pass by the Carriage so left (landing in the said Street,

Without Danger or Difficulty, under the Penalty of Five Shillings for every Offence, to be paid by the

. Owner,

Watchmen to

apprehend

JWalc/a&ors.

