The TITLES of the STATUTE'S.

Amendment and Preservation of the(publick Highways

and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom ; and for obliging

Mortgagees taking Possession of Toll-gates on Turn-

pike Roads, and Toll gatherers appointed by them, to

account.

44. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned

relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties

upon the Exportation^ Copper Bars imported ; to the

Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for

taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and

reducing other Duties; to the Premium upon Mails,

Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine;

to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty’s

Plantations in A merica ; to the securing the Duties upon

Foreign made Sail Cloth, and charging Foreign made

Sails with a Duty; and for enlarging the Times limited

for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers,

and Directions, in Acts of this Session of Parliament.

45. An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of

British made Cordage ; and for discontinuing the Draw-

backs upon Foreign rough Hemp exported.

46. An Act for explaining Part of an Act made in the

second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, rela-

ting to the Removal for Home Consumption of Spirits

made for Exportation ; for laying an additional Duty

upon the Importation of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies ; for

allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Gum

Senega and Gum Arabic to Ireland, free of Duty, for

the Use of the Manufacturers there; for permitting the

Importation into this Kingdom, from the Isle of Man,

of a certain Quantity of Bugles ; and for altering certain

Regulations relating to the Tonnage of Ships exporting

and importing Spirits.

47* An Act for laying additional Duties on certain Spi-

rits imported ; and for prolonging the Time allowed by

Law for lodging and keeping in Warehouses Rum and

Spirits imported.

48. An Act for the better Preservation of Timber Trees,

and of Woods and Underwoods ; and for the further

Preservation of Roots, Shrubs, and Plants.

49. An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in

the Islands of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free

Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and

Merchandizes ; for granting certain Duties to defray the

Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and im-

proving, such Pons; for ascertaining the Duties to be

paid upon the Importation of Goods from the Laid

Island of Dominica into this Kingdom ; and for securing

the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Island

into any other British Colony.

50. An Act for allowing the Conveyance, from the Ports

of Southampton and Portsmouth to the Port of Cowes in

the Isle of Wighty of Goods not liable to Duty on Ex-

portation, or prohibited to be exported, and of Sheep

and Cattle, between the said Ports, without Cocquets

being taken, or Bonds entered into for that Purpose ;

and for extending an Act made in the twenty-ninth

Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for

taking Affidavits iii the Country, to be made use of in

the Courts of Kings Benchy Common Pleas, and Exche-

to the Isle of Man ; and for appointing Ports and

Places for shipping and landing Goods in the said

Island.

51. An Act for indemnifying Persons who have incurred

certain Penalties inflicted by an Act of the last Seffinn

of Parliament, for granting certain Stamp Duties in the

British Colonies and Plantations in America; and for

i

making valid all Instruments executed or inrolled there

on unltamped Paper, Vellum, or Parchment.

52. An Act for repealing certain Duties, in the British

Colonies and Plantations, granted by several Acts of

Parliament; and also the Duties imposed by an Act

made in the last Session of Parliament upon certain East

India Goods exported from Great Britain; and for

granting other Duties instead thereof; and for further

encouraging, regulating, and securing, several Branches

of the 1 rade of this Kingdom, and the British Domi-

nions in America..

53. An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration and the

A flu ranee; and for amending so much of an Act of

the seventh Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, inti-

tuled, An Act for the Improvement of the Union of the two

Kingdcmsy as, after the Time therein limited, requires

the Delivery of certain Lifts and Copies therein men-

tioned to Persons indicted of High Treason, or Milpri-

fion of Treason.

54. An Act for putting the Road from Clarges Street to

Hyde Park Corner, and from the South End of Parjc

Lanty to the North Side of Her tford Strcety in the Pa-

rifli of Saint George Hanover Squarey in the County of

Middlesex, now under the Direction of the Acts for re-

pairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kenfmgtony Chelfeay

Fulhaniy and Saint George Hanover Squarey in the County*

of Aliddlej'exy under the Management of the Commis-

sioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Squares,

Streets, Lanes, and other Places, in ITeihninJhr.

55. An Act to enable Thomas Kymer Esquire, to make a

navigable Cut or Canal from little Gwendraeth Rivcry

near the Town of Kidwely, to the Great Forest and Pvuil

Llygody in the County of Carmarthen.

$6. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the Road leading from Tunbridge IVetLSy in the

County of Kenty to the Cross Ways near Marcsfield

Streety in the County of Sussex.

57. Ati Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of two

Acts, one of the twelfth of King George the First, and

the other of the Fourteenth of his late Majesty, far

repairing the Road from Horjley Upright Gatey to the

Top of Kingsdown Hilly in the County of I Tilts; and

for amenJing several Roads near or adjoining to the said

Road.

58. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of art

Act of the fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repair-

ing the Road from Godftoney in the County of Surrey, to

liighgate, in the Parish of East Grinjledy in the County

of Sussex.

59. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Beverley, by Molfcrofty to Kendell House; and frooa

Molj'croft to Bainton Balky in the County of York.

60. An Act for discontinuing the Use of several Roads

leading into and over Fiji)erwick Parky in the County

of Stafford \ and for building and maintaining a publick

Bridge cross the River Tamey at or near Elford AIM

Fordy in the said County ; and for repairing, and keep-

ing in Repair, the Road from such Bridge to Ha dan'0 re

Gatey in the Road leading through Whittington to

Lichfield.

61. An Act for the better Regulation of Pilots for the

conducting of Ships and VtlLls into and out of the

Port of Liverpool.

62. An Act to enlarge and continue the Term and Pow-

ers granted by an Act passed in the fourteenth Year r f

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second*

intituled. An Act for repairing the Roads from Don-

caster, through Ferry Bridge, to the South Side of Tnd-

cailer

