46 C. 25. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

one Post Stage unto sufficiently authorized, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, to demand,

in Great Britain have, receive, and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all such Letters and Packets which he shall

lr^?» *nd convey, carry, or fend Post, within the Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, according to the several

twotnEngland, &ates and Sums hereafter-mentioned (the fame being rated either by the Letter or by the Ounce) that

aje to ceifc, IS to say,

and the following Rates are to take place ;

\iz. Rates for For the Port or Conveyance of every Single Letter, so conveyed or carried by the Post as aforesaid,

IVftage not ex- not exceeding one whole rod Stage from the Office where such Letter may be put in, within the King-

Stage^ °nC d°ms aforesaid, the Sum of one Penny 5 for every Double Letter two Pence; for every Treble Letter

8 1 three Pence; and for every Ounce four Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs,

or other Things.

above one. and And for the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter, so conveyed or carried by the Post as afore-

notetceeding said, above one Post Stage, and not exceeding two Post Stages, from the Office where such Letter may

1*0Pod Stages, he put in, within that rart of Great Britain called England, the Sum of twoPence; for every Double

Letter four Pence; for every Treble Letter six Pence; and for every Ounce eight Pence; and so in Pro-

portion for every Packet of Deeds, Writs, or other Things.

But these Regu- VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority afe-efaid, That nothing herein before

lations are not contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter, or in any wise to affe£l, the Rates or Sums to

to extend to Th* be paid for Letters or Packets passing or repassing by the Carriage called The Penny Post.

.Penny Post. « VII. ^n(j whereas, for the more ready and extensive Conveyance of Letters and Packets between that

4 Part of Great Britain called England, and Ireland, and for the Cunvcniency of T rade and Commerce

4 between the said Kingdoms, it may be convenient and expedient to improve the Communication for

the Conveyance of such Letters and Packets by the Post through Carlifte, Dumfries, and Port Patrick,

4 or some other convenient Port in Scotland\ and through Donagh id^e^ or some other convenient Port in

Rates of Postage Ireland;’ be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful

between Eng- to and for the said Post Matter General, and his Deputy or Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently autho-

throughCaHi/le r*zet^s to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all Letters and rackets,

Dumfries, Pert* Pa®nS anc* repassing by the Post between England and Ireland, through Catiijley Dumfries, Port Patrick,

■Patrick, and and Donaghadee, or other convenient Ports in Scotland and Ireland\ the fame Rates or Sums for English

'Donaghadee, or Postage, according to the Number of Miles or Stages such Letters and Packets are carried by the Post in

©dier convenient England, as also the fame Rates or Sums for Scotch Postage, according to the Number of Miles or Stages

ort*’ such Letters and Packets are carried by the Post in Scotland, and moreover the fame Rates or Sums for

Packet Postage between Port Patrick and Donaghadee, or other convenient Ports in Scotland and Ireland,

as likewise the fame Rates or Sums for Irish Postage, according to the Number of Miles or Stages such

Letters are carried by the Post in Ireland, as are respectively settled, establiftied, and ascertained, by

the said Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anney or by this

present A&,

Repeal of so VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Act, made in

<muchof the Act the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen dune, as directs, that the Rates or Sums to be

9 Anns, as di- paid for the Conveyance of Letters, to be sent by racket Boats, between Port Patrick and Donaghadee?

,eftetweenP*ort Paid at foe Place where such Letter or Letters are delivered, in order to be sent by such Packet

nl! B°ats, shall, from and after the said tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, be,

naghadee to be and is hereby, repealed,

paid where the Letters are delivered.

To prevent Dis-

putes, PoftRoads

may be mea-

sured:

and a Return to

be made thereof

upon Oath 3

.and entered in

the three Chief

Post Offices in

Great Britain

.and Ireland; and

the Chief Ojfices

in America,

pjir Surveys to

be made out, and

deposited in the

respective Offi-

xes 'tiere men-

tioned;

IX. And, to the end that all Letters or Packets may be charged with Postage, according to the rated

Distance they are respectively carried by the Post, and for preventing all Disputes touching the fame, be

it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person and

Persons as the Post Matter General for the time being shall appoint, to measure, or cause to be measured,

by the Wheel, all the Post Roads which are now settled and establiftied, or which shall hereafter be

settled and establiftied, in any Part of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and other the British

Dominions.

X. Provided always. That such Person or Persons, who shall be so appointed as aforesaid to measure

the said Distances, and every of them, shall be sworn to perform the fame according to the best of their

Skill and Judgement; which Oath shall and may be administered by any Justice of the Peace, who is

hereby authorized and required to administer the fame, and to make Certificates thereof in Writing, to

be entered, without Fee or Charge, in the three Chief Post Offices in Great Britain and Ireland; and in

the Chief Post Offices establiftied, or to be establiftied, in America; and moreover, that such Person or

Persons so to be appointed by such Post Master as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby required to cause

fair Surveys or Books to be made out: One of each whereof shall be left with his Majesty’s Post Matter

General in London, another of each to be left at the Chief Post Office in Edinburgh with the Post Matter

General’s Deputy there, another of each to be left at the Chief Post Office at Dublin with the Post

Master General’s Deputy there, and another of each of such Surveys or Books shall be left at each of

the Chief Post Offices establiftied, or to be establiftied, in America, with the respective Deputies of the

Post Master General there, to remain in the said Post Offices; each of which said Surveys or Books shall

be signed by the Person or Persons making the same, who shall and are hereby respectively required to

make

