A.D. 1769. Anno nono Georgii III. C. 24, 25. 577

and Merchandizes of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Great Britain, exeeding in Value the

Sum of Three hundred and eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven Pounds; then, and in fuchh to be taken in-

Cafe, the (.id Excess shall, from Time to Time, be taken into the Account of the Exports of such Goods

and Merchandizes by the said Company or their Succefl'ors, in and for the next succeeding Year, and (hallYCAI ccount*

be allowed and cofifidered as Part thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times during the Whet Money the

said Term of Five Years commencing from the First Day of February, One thousand (even hundred and Cieat

sixty-nine, any Sum or Sums of Money belonging to the said United Company, or their Successors, shall Britain after Dif-

remain in Great Britain after the Discharge of the said Company's Simple Contract Debts bearing Inte- charge of their

rest, and the Reduction of the said Company’s Debts to such Sum as shall be equal only or inferior to the Si»ple Contra

Debt which shall be due from the Publick to the said Company; then the Monies to, from Time

Time, remaining as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby reauired to be advanced and lent by the said Com-Ihe^uhli/ac

pany and their Successors to the Publick, at and after the Rate of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum In- per Centum per*

terest, payable out of such proper and sufficient Fund or Funds, and in such Manner, as mall be settled Annum Inteieil.

by Parliament*; and to be paid Quarterly to the said Company and their S xccftgrs, until the Redemption

and Discharge of the Capital Monies so advanced and lent shall be mr.de by Parliament: and that the any’sSim*

said Company, pr their SuccclTors, shall, and they are hereby directed and required, from Time to Time, ai"

before the Expiration of Ten Days after the Beginning of the next and every succeeding Session of Par-Bond D<rbtstobe

liament, during the said Term of Five Years, commencing from the First Day of February, One thou- eiven*nannually

sand seven hundred and sixty-nine, and of the Session of Parliament succeeding the Expiration of the said n o.thtoi«

Term, to give in and deliver unto the High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty’s Trcafur/ forihe lr4J‘ury*

Time being, a true and exabt Account of the State of the said Simple Contract Debts bearing Imcreft,

and of their Bond Debts, at the Time of delivering in every such Account Tcfp ^lively, and also an Ac- ^atc 0

count of the State of their Cash remaining in Great Britain; all which Accounts shall be fairly written,1 cu 4

and shall be signed by Two or more of the Directors of the said Company; and Oath shall be made of the

Truth of every such Account, by the proper Officers or Servants of the said Company before any One

Justice of the Peace, which Oath such Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Ma-

jtfty, intituled, An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money.

May it please Your most Excellent Majesty;

WHEREAS an Act was made in the First Year of Your Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to r?tU

" continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money, whereby the Di and Laws there- " k ^*u in

in mentioned or referred to were continued for the Term of Seven Years, to commence from the » hft*1,^ eo<

‘ Day of Alarchy One thousand f^ven hundred and sixty-one, and until the End of the First Session of Par-

4 liament then next following: And whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

4 An All for further continuing certain Laws to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grainy 3 Geo. 3.

4 Mealy Malty Flour, Bready Bifcuity and Starchy and also the Extraction of Low I Tines and Spirits from Wheatc*

and Wheat Flour: for further allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, Barie\, Barley li lea \ and

4 Pulfey free of Duty, into this Kingdomy from any Part of Europe; and for allowing the Importation of Oats

4 ana Oat-mealy Rye and Rye-mealy into this KingdctUyfor a limited Time> free of Duty; and also for continuing

4 fuefr other Lawt as will expire before the Beginning of tho next Session of Parliament; the said Act made in

4 tb« First Year of Your Majesty’s Reign was continued until the End of this present Session of Parlia-.

4 mer-t: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act made in the First Year of Your Majesty’s Reign

4 should be made perpetual: We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Gicat

4 Britain in Parliament assembled, do humbly pray Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and’ be it

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confcntof the Lord Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authori y of the

fame. That the Lid Afl made in the First Year of His present Majesty’s Rugn, intituled, An Atl to i^v-The r*citrd ASt

linue the Duties for Encouragement of tie Coinage of Money, and all the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, I)i-°f 1 Grn-

regions, Rules, and Articles, therein contained, shall be, and^arc hereby, made perpetual; and (haft'*rp*:ua

continue in force, and be carried into Execution, as fully and effectually as if the fame were paiti.ularly

rrpeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, and as if tli re had not been any Limitation of

Time whatsoever expressed in the said Act for the Determination thereof, or of any Matter therein

tained.

VoL.X. 4e

CAP.

