170 C. 2p.

Anno sexto Georgii III.

A. D. 1766.

serjeant* foffer. XV. And be it further coaled by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Seqeant of the said Court, who

to^fia^en^ant* en!P,oyed to ^erve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful Connivance, or notorious Neglect,

Go'ods to b^re- cause or fuflfer the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded, to escape or abscond, or the

moved, to pay Goods of fucffi Party to be carried away or secreted, so that such Execution shall not have its due Effe£l;

the Debt, * it {hall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them* assembled ia

Court, upon Complaint, and due Proof thereof made upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible

Witness or Witnesses, to order such Serjeant to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Exe-

cution was awarded, to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the fame Method

and Means as are herein before provided for the Recovery of other Debts.

Comroiffionm XVI. And, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person {hall be capable of acting

path} as a Camraiflioner tn the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath, or, being one of the

People called Quakers, a solemn Affirmation, to the following Effect; that is to say,

€ T jf. B. dofwear (or affirm) That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of

€ A my Judgment, hear and determine all such Matters and Things as shall he brought before me by

€ virtue of an Act of Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the

1 Town and Borough of Derby* and the Liberties thereof* without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or

* Malice, to either Party.’

Menwfc! there- Which Oath or Affirmation the Clerk of the said Court, or any of the Commissioners who shall have

o^to Mgifter- taken such Oath or Affirmation, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court p

and a Memorial thereof shall be entered in the Register of the said Court, by the said Clerk.

Feet to be taken. XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the several Fees hereafter limited

and expressed, and no other, {hall be taken by the said Clerk or Serjeants, for their several and respective

Services in the Execution of this Act that is to say.

For ifluipg every Summons, to the Cleric —----- - ■ ■— —■« ■—

For Service of every Summons, and attending the Court with Return, to the Serjeant ———

For entering Cause, to the Clerk ----- ——— — — -----

For every Hearing, to the Clerk — —» ■ ■ ———

For every Order, to the Clerk —-— -—— >---

For Service of every Order against a Person not in Court, and attending with Return* to the 7

Serjeants ■ ■ ■ ■ ■-■ ■ ■ - — J

For a Nonsuit on the Plaintiff’s not appearing, to the Cleric ■ —» -----

For an Attachment against the Defendant for not appearing, to the Clerk —— —-

For the Service thereof, to the Serjeant ----- ----- ----- ■ ■ ■—

For acknowledging Satisfaction thereof, to the Clerk ■ " - - ■ -

For an Execution, to the Clerk ■—■ ■ ■ - — * ■ --

For the Service thereof, to the Serjeant ■ — ■

For ^ Subpoena^ to the Clerk » ■ —— ■ ■— ■ ■ ■ - —— -----

For the Service thereof, to the Serjeant -■ ■ - ■ ■ - - ■ ■ —

For paying Money into Court, to the Clerk - ■ ■ —

For every Search in the Book, to the Clerk ——— — ■ — —

I s.

0 0 s

0 0 3

0 0 6-

0 0 3

0 0 3

0 0 S

0 0 3

0 0 3

0 1 0

0 0 3

0 0 6

0 1 O;

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0

0 0 2

Table of Feet

to be hung up

in the Court.

A Table of which Fees shall from time to time be hung up determined by the Clerk of the said Court, in forae con—

fpicuous Part of the said Court-house or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, so that all Persona

concerned may fee and read the fame.

Penalty on tak- , XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Clerk, or either of the Ser-

ing.greater Fees, jeants of the said Court for the time being, shall take or demand any greater or other Fees or Rewards than

what are above-mentioned, for his Services in the Execution of this Act, he shall, for every such Offence,

forfeit and pay such Fine, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, as the said

Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall aiiefs and impose, to be paid to the Mayor of the said

Town and Borough for the time being, and by him applied to the Use of the Poor of the said Town and

Borough and Liberties thereof, in such Manner as he shall judge proper.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Clerk, or either of such Ser-

jeants, shall be guilty of any notorious Misbehaviour, ekher by Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in fre-

quently taking greater Fees than before-mentioned, or otherwise, in the Discharge of their respective

Offices, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon Oarh in open Court, the said Commissioners

then fitting, are hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners to be funrr-

moned to meet at a convenient Time and Place ; and the said Commissioners then present, not being less

than ten, shall and may examine and consider the Merits of such Complaint ; and if it shall appear to such

Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that the said Clerk or Serjeant hath !> *en guilty of such Mif-

behaviour or Breach of Duty as aforesaid, in his Office, it shall and may he lawful to and for the said

Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to dismiss or remove such Clerk or Serjeant from his said Office,

and nominate and appoint another fit and proper Person to exerc ife the said Office of Clerk or Serjeant, in

the Room and Place of him so dismissed and removed as aforesaid..

Officers may be

displaced.

XX. And

