552

C. 21.

Anno nono Georgii III.

A. D. 1769.

pose, from Time to Time, and the fame shall and may be recovered, levied, paid, and applied, in Man-

ner herein after mentioned,

Streets to be XXIII. Provided always. That all the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and publick Passages aforesaid, {hall

fw-pt, and the he swept and cleansed, and the Soil, Dirt, Dust, and Filth carried off and from the same, Once in

every Week at the least between the First Day of May and the First Day of November, and Twice in

every Week at the least between the First Day of November, and the First Day of May in every Year.

XXIV. 4 And whereas great Part of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Passages, within the said

4 Town, have been heretofore repaired, swept, and cleansed by the Constable of the said Town for the

4 Time being out of the Constable’s Rate, who hath for many Years paid the Sum of Twenty-five

* Pounds per Annum, or upwards, to Masons, Scavengers, and other Contractors, for such Repairing,

Constables to pay4 Sweeping, and Cleansing, and the fame hath been charged and allowed in the Constable*s Rate;* be it

the Muncy n^w therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Sum of

Town^to ^wenty-five PoundsAnnum shall be yearly and every Year paid by the Constable or Constables of the

tc^D 0 1 Town of Gainjburgh for the Time being to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such

Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time order and appoint to

demand and receive the same, upon Eajier Monday in every Year, or within One Week then next en-

suing.

Recovery there- XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if the Constable or Constables of the said Town

of Gainjburgh for the Time being shall refuse or neglect to pay the said yearly Sum of Twenty-five Pounds

to the Person or Persons to whom the said Trustees, or any r ive or more of them, shall have ordered the

fame to be paid, on the Day or within the Time herein before appointed for the Payment thereof in every

Year as aforesaid, the fame having been demanded by the Person or Persons so authorised to receive the

fame of the said Constables, or either of them, the fame shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of

the Goods and Chattels of such Constable or Constables so refusing or negle#ing as aforesaid, or either

or any of them, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Justice of the Peace for the Parts of

Lindsey in thp County of Lincoln, together with all reasonable Costs and Charges attending the making,

keeping, and felling such Distress; the Overplus (if any be, and be demanded) to be returned to the

Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and all and every such Sum and Sums

being so paid by or levied upon any such Constable or Constables, shall be allowed to the Person or Per-

fons paying the fame in his or their Constable’s Rate; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary

notwithstanding.

XXVI. 4 And whereas the Lord of the Manor of Gainjburgh aforesaid is liable, in respe# of his Tolls

4 and Markets, to tlcanfe and carry away the Soil, Dirt, Dust, and Filth off and from some Parts of

4 the said Streets, and to fwccp, cleanse, and carry away the Soil, Dirt, Dust, and Filth oft’and from

’Trustees may ‘ other Parts thereof;’ be it therefore further ena#cd by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be

compound with lawful to and for the said Trustees. or any Five or more of them, being the major Part of the Trustees

the Lord of the present at any Meeting, and they mail have full and suficient Power and Authority, by Force of this

Manor; A#, from Time to Time, and at any Time hereafter, to contract with the Lord or Lady of the said

Manor, or his, her, or their Lcflees, Farmers, or Tenants of the Tolls and Markets aforesaid, or any of

them, for the yearly cleansing and carrying away, or sweeping,cl anfing, and carrying away the Soil, Dirt,

Dust, and Filth from such Parts of the said Streets as aforesaid, for such Pri e or Prices, Sum or Sums

of Money, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and upon Payment of the Price or Prices, Sum or

Sums of Money, reserved and agreed to be paid by such Contract, the Lord or Lady of the said Ma-

nor, and his, her, and their Lessees, Tenants, and Farmers of the said Tolls and Markets respe#ively,

shall be absolutely discharged and acquitted off and from the cleansing and carrying away, and (weeping,

cleansing, and carrying away the Soil, Dirt, Dust, and Filth from such Parts of the said Streets as

aforesaid, so long and during all the Time that any such Contract shall exist.

other wise to XXVlI. Provided always, and be it further cna#ed, That at all Times when no such Contract or

ciemfe pursuant Agreement does or shall exist, the Lord or Lady of the said Manor, or his, her, and their Lessees,

lothegenerilDi- Tenants, and Farmers of the said Tolls and Markets, shall continue to cleanse and carry away, and

Te^onio Ttu‘ fweCp^ cleanse, and carry away the Soil, Dirt, Dust, and Filth off and from all such Parts of the said

Stre.ts, as aforesaid, on such Days of the Week, and at such Time and Times of the Day, as the said

Trustees shall order and appoint for the fwceping, cleansing, and carrying away the Soil, Dirt, Dust,

and Filth from the other Parts of the said Streets respe#ively, and under such reasonable Penalties and

Forfeitures for every Omission as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to

Time order and dire#, not exceeding Five Shillings for any One Offence ; all which Penalties the said

Trustees are hereby authorised to impefe, from Time to Time;, and the lame shall and may be recovered,

levied, paid, and applied, in Manner herein after mentioned.

TTbeTollt, XXvlII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing

d‘n this A# contained {hall extend, or be construed, adjudged, or taken to extend, to injure, defeat, lessen,

* 11 ' or in any Rcfpe# aft’e# the Right of the Lord of the Manor of Gainjburgh aforesaid for the Time being,

or his Succdlors, Lords or Lad es of the said Manor, to the demanding or receiving any Tolls or other

Revenues whatsoever within the said Town or Manor, which the Lords of the said Manor were by Law

intitled to demand and receive before the passing of this A#; but that all fitch Tolls and Revenues shall

remain

