A.D.

1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. G.

and every Person and Persons who shall be committed or ordered to Hand committed, by any Three or more

of the said Commissioners present in Court, or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution, or other

Process ifluingout of the said Court of Requests; and in case the Keepers of the said GaoJs, or Houses of'

Correction respectively, or either of them, shall neglect or refuse to receive and take into his or dieir Custody,

any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this Act, or, before the Expiration of the Time for whkh

any Person or Perforfs shall be so committed to his or their Custody, shall discharge such Person or Persons, 0Cut order!

or wilfully permit and suffer such Person or Persons to go at Large, without a Warrant, Order, or Autho-

rity for that Purpose, in Writing, signed in Court by Three or more of the said Commissioners; every

Keeper offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, and being thereof convicted before One or more of His Ma-

jesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine, upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible

witnefsor Witnesses, or on his or their own Confession, mall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any under Penalty of

Sum not exceedingTive Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices: 4°

And such Sum shall be immediately paid by the Person or Persons so offending, into the Hands of the Justice

or Justices before whom he*or they shall fee convicted, or, in Default thereof, shall and may be levied by

Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and

Seals of such Justice or Justices; and which Sum, when paid or levied, shall be applied in like Manner as

the Fines herein before mentioned are diiefted to fee paid and applied.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Act ion or Suit for any Debt not Judgment dth$

amounting to the Sum of Forty Shillings, and reenterable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Requests, £#urt to

shall be brought against any Person or persons residing or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction thereof, 111 any n

of the King’s Courts at Jv eftminster^ or any other Courts whatsoever, or elsewhere, out of the said Court

ofRequests; and no Suit th;t shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests in pursuance of this Act,

nor any Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior Court, but the Judgments, Decrees,

and Proceedings of the said Court, shall fee final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XXVII. Provided always. That nothing in this Act: contained shall extend, or fee construed to extend. Not to r*t«?r,d t®

to prevent any Person from suing for Small Debts in any other Court, where such Suit might have been in- fauli Debts,

(lituted before the passing of this Act.

- XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein nor *> D<*bts for*

contained, shall not extend tb any Debt for Rent upon any Lease or Contraft, where the Title of any Rent, Ac.

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament can or may come in Question, or in or upon any oth( r real Contraft.;

nor to any Debt that shall arise upon or by reason of any Cause concerning any Last Will or Testament,

or Matrimony, or any Thing properly belonging to the Ecclesiastieal Courts; nor to any Dubt for Mo-

ney won at or by means of any Horse- race, Cock-match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; nor

for any Forfeiture upon any Penal Statute or Bye-law; nor to any Debt whereof there hath rot been a

Contraft, Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise to pay, within Six Yeais before the taking out of

the Summons for the fair.e, although such Debt shall not amount to Forty Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons mak- Penalty for Per-

ing Oath or giving Evidence in any Cause or Matter whatsoever, depending in the said Court of Requeiis, iur>*

shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and b* thereof duly convicted according to Law'; such Person or

Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any other Person or Persons convicted

of wilful and corrupt Perjury is or are liable to, or shall be subject to, by the Laws and Statutes of this

Realm.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person residing wi;h;n :o*.Penalty rm

either of the Parishes and Townships aforesaid, who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, to <1,!obr.v«,1o Sum-

be issued out of the said Court of Requests, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall mons*

neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, at the Time and Place therein menti-

oned; and due Proof (nail be made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons; and no Cause of Absence

be shewn or assigned to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the Court to which such Person shall

be, by such Subpoena or Summons, required to appear; and Oath shall be made before the said Commis-

sioners, by the Party at whose Instance and on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued, that the

Person served therewith was a material Witntfs for such Party; it shall and may be lawful to and for the

said Commissioners, or any Three or nfiore of thqm, assembled at such Court, to impose and lay a Fine,

not exceeding Fifty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings, to be levied (if not immediately paid on De-

mand) by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said

Commissioners, or any Three or more of them; which tine, when paid or levied, shall be paid over to the

Party at whose Instance such Subpoena or Summons issued.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Attorney at Law, or Solicitor, fWkge of At^

being served with the Process of the said Court of Requests, or appearing in the fame Court, shall be allow- *c*

ed to plead or maintain any Priviledge against the Process, Authority, Jurisdiction, or Judgement thereof; *ac“tc ’

nor shall any such Attorney or Solicitor aforesaid, be admitted to appear in the f.iid Court of Requests, as T

Attorney or Advocate on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or be admitted to (peak in any Cause or

Matter before the said Court, in which such Attorney or Solicitor is nothimself a Party or Witness, under

the Penalty of Five Pounds; to be recovered and applied as above mentioned, with rospect to the Clerk and

Officers of the said Court, in case of Misbehaviour or taking greater or other Fees than they arc imiticJ ur.io

by virtue of this Act as aforesaid; nor shall any such Attorney or Solicitor aft as a Coma iffioner in the said comm-.mo..rr.

Court of Requests; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. ..

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if anyAction or Suit fh..ll be brought ^'on3

or commenced against any Person or Pci Tons, forany Matter or Thingdone or to be done in pursuance of this

the Cause

of

681

w wiiimtuLcu uk auj a cj vi i iui <111y 1 vi.4U.cj u 1 1 imi^uunv. ui iu lk >*iv. 1 n j>111 1 u«*. 11

Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought orpommeiiced within Six Calendar Months newt after 1

Vol. X. 4S

