A. D. 1766.

Anno sexto Georgii Ilf.

0.24. 189

vnoreoT them* or by the Surveyor, or other Person authorized by them, make new, eflfcftuilly repair,

clean, or empty, such Sewer or Drain, as the Cafe may require : And, in Default thereof, that it shall On their N>-

and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or any five or more of them, tVb-’.w b*

or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, to Cause such Sewer or Drain to be made new, repaired, t! < r- Cornrc'f-

altered, cleansed, or emptied, as the Cafe may require, or so much thereof a* shall remain unfinished; n wrs,

the Charges and Expences whereof shall be paid by the Commissioners for putting this A it in Execution, pfor by

who (half be reimbursed the fame by the Clerk or Treasurer for the time being to the said Commissioners of CommuTwner*

Sewers: And, in case the said Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners of Sewers shall ntgieftor01 c*cr<*

refuse to pay what shall have been so paid and disbursed, within ten Days next after Notice thereof iiiall be

left at the Dwelling-house, or last Place of Abode of such Clerk or Treasurer; which Notice shall be in

Writing, and signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and annexed to

the Bill, containing an Account of such Charges and Expences 5 it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Lfi mentioned Commissioners, or-any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and impowered

to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name of their Clerk for the time being,

against such Clerk or Treasurer of the Commissioners for the time being, for the Recovery of such Sum or

Sums of Money as they shall have so expended for the Purposes aforesaid ; in which Action or Actions no

tfloin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person or Persons whatsoever Penalty of by-

shall throw, cast, or lay, or cause, or permit, or fufter to be thrown, call or laid, any Arties, Dust, Dirt, jnr Ashej,

Soil, or other Filth whatsoever, before any Dwelling-house, Shop, Stable, Building, or Wall, in either in the Stteett*

of the said Streets or Lanes, or in any or either of the said Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, or Places ; but

shall keep, or cause the fame to be kept, in their respective Houses or Yards, until such Time as the

Peribn or Persons contracted with or employed to carry away such Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Filth, or Soil, do

oome by or near their Houses, Doors, or Places, where they dwell, with a Cart or Carts, or other Con-

veniences, for carrying away the fame, upon Pain of forfeiting, for the first Offence, the Sum of five

Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings ; and for the third, and every other Offence,

the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons shall, Penalty on 0%

from and after the said second Monday next after the parting of this Act, set out, lay, drive, or carry, or 5™a,n*-thcb

•ause or procure, permit or suffer, to be set out, laid, drove, or carried, any Coach, Cart, Dray, Waggon, c/rHi«»,CTua*

or other Carriage, Wheels, Timber, Stones, or any other Material, Matter, or Thing, which may occa- ber, or other

fion any Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obstruction whatsoever, in the said Streets or Lanes, or either of Materials,

than, lb as to flop, obstruct, incommode, or endanger, any Person or Persons, Carriage or Carriages

whatsoever, parting thereon; or if any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, with Hay or Straw therein lor

Sale; or any Cart, Waggon, Coach, or other Carriage, intended to be let out or worked for Hire (except

Hackney Coaches, which shall Hand in such Part or Parts of the said Streets or Lanes, cr some of them, as Coa* hr/except*

shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them) shall be fuss'ered to (land in ea.

either of the said Streets or Lanes for any the Purposes aforesaid respectively; or if any Cart, Waggon, or

other Carriage, or any Wheel-bairow, shall be suffered to remain in the said Streets or Lanes, or either of

them, any longer than is needful and prdper for the necessary loading or unloading thereof respectively

or if any Cart, Dray, ox other Carriage, shall be placed or set across any Part of any of the said Streets oP

Lanes within the said Parishes, or either of them, for the Purposes of loading or unloading the fame; it

Hull and may be lawful, in any of such Cafes, for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them,

cither at any Meeting in pursuance of this Act, or without any such Meeting, to cause the said Carts,

Waggons, Coaches, or other Carriages, and Matters, and Things respective ly, making or occasioning such

Annoyance, Nuisance, or Obstruft ion, to be removed, taken, carried away, and deposited, in such*

Place or Places, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall direct or appoint; there to*

remain until the Offender or Offenders shall have paid and discharged all Costs, Charges, and Expenres,

attending the carrying away and depositing the fame as aforesaid, as also a Sum not exceeding lorty Shil-

lings for each such Offence.

aL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if. any Person or Persons shall run. Penalty of drie*

airive, draw, or cause to be run, driven, or drawn, on any Part of the Foot Pavements of the said Stieets

or Lancs, or either of them, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheel-barrow, or any Carriage whatsoever 5 &c *on the^ooc

such Person or Persons shall forfeit, for the first Offence, the Sum offten Shillings ; for the second Offence, Pavements

the Sum of twenty Shillings; and for the third and every ocher Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall be law-

fu\ for any Person or Persons to crest or set up, or cause to be ertfted or set up, in the said Streets or BuTding or^Re-

Lancs, any Inclosure, Polls, Bars, or Rails, a* other Matters or Things, for the Purpose of making pairing, witlx-

Mortar,.and dept firing Bricks, Lime, or other Materials, for building, or repairing any Houses, Building*, Leaver

or other Works ; every such Person or Persons first obtaining Leave, under the Hand of the Surveyor for

the time bein' to the said Commissioners, for those Purposes respectively, which he is hereby impowered to

f^ive, by their Pernnifion : But if any Person or Pei Ions shall ertft or let up, or cause to be erected or set

up, any such Inclosures, Polls, Bars, or Rails, or any other Matter or Tiling, for the Purposes aforesaid,

without such Leave first had and obtained ; every such Person shall, for every such Offence’, forfeit and pay

a Surn not exceeding twenty Shillings for every Hour such Inclosure, Matter, or Thing, as aforesaid,

remain anil continue.

XLil. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Commissioners, or any five or

Commlflionrrt

may older Ihc-

of them, shall have full Power and Authority to cause the hud Street* and Lanes to be watered as sum* tu be.

A Of ten

