368 C. 45.

Anno feptimo Georg 11 III.

A. D. 1767.

all

The Fifliing

B uts to be re-

gistered } and

the Matters

thereof to give

Bond, in order

Years.

Register's Fees,

Bounties to be the Bounties herein before granted, then the said Bounties shall be only paid in equal Rates and Propor*

pat t proportion- tions, according to the Receipt of the said Duties, and the Money arising from the said Bay Fisheries.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That noPerson

shall be intitled to the Bounties herein before mentioned, unless the Boat, for which such Bounty is

claimed, shall, before (he proceeds upon the Fishery in each Seaton, be registered at the Custom-house at

the Port of Douglas ; and the Matter of such Boat shall give Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succcf-

fors, with one or more sufficient Surety, to be approved of by his Majesty’s Receiver General, or his De-

. puty, in the penal Sum of one hundred Pounds, that such Boat shall not export, from the said Isle of Man,

to the Bounties. any G°°ds prohibited to be exported from thence; or import, into the said Isle, any Goods prohibited to

* be imported there ; or export or import there, as aforesaid, any Customable Goods, for which the Duties

due and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, have not been duly answered and paid; and

shall not be otherwise employed or used in any illicit Trade, whereby his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc-

Thc Bonds to be cessors, shall or may be defrauded : Which Bonds shall continue in Force for three Years from the Dates

inFor.eforthtee thereof; and, in case no Fraud shall appear within that Time, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty'a

said Receiver General to cancel the fame.

XX. And it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for

the Officer registering any Shin, Vessel, or Boat, and taking any Bond in pursuance of this Act, to de-

mand and receive from the Matter or Owner of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, one Shilling for every Register,

and from the Person giving such Bond, one Shilling for every Bond, and no more.

Claims with re- XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before any Person shall be intitled to the

spe& to the respective Bounties, granted by this Act for the Encouragement of the Linen Manufacture, each Person

Linen Bounties claiming such Bounty shall respectively make Oath before his Majesty's Receiver General of the Island, or

how to be af- his Deputy, of the Number of Yards of Linen Cloth wove or exported by the said Person so claiming, and

certamed. also Qf the Quantity of Linen Yarn spun by the Person claiming the Bounty for Spinning, agreeable to the

Terms before specified.

mere Goods XXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day

fiwit be unship- of July, one thousand seven hundred and nxty-seven, if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, liable to

Ped or landed the Payment of Duties in the Isle of Man by this or any other Act of Parliament, shall be unftiipped or

before Duty paid; Janded from any Ship or Vessel inward bound, before the respective Duties due thereon are paid, agreeable

•r prohibited to Law ; or if any prohibited Goods whatsoever shall be imported into, or exported out of, the said Isle of

^rted orei- Man ; every Person who shall be assisting or otherwise concerned, either in the unshipping or landing in-

ported’5* * wards, or in shipping or loading outwards, such Goods, or to whose Hands the fame mall knowingly

The Parties con* come after the unttiipping, landing, or relanding the fame, shall, for each and every Offence, forfeit

cemed forfeit treble the Value of such Goods, to heeftimated and computed according to the bed Price that each Com-

treble Ae Value, ni°(jity>[1en bears at the Town and Port of Douglas in the said Island; and the said Goods, and all the

Boats* Cattle * ®oats» Horses, Cattle, and Carriages whatsoever, made use of in the landing, loading, removing, Car-

and Carriages! r,aEc>or Conveyance thereof, shall also be forfeited and lost; and shall and may be feizea by any Officer or

Officers of the Customs, and sued for and prosecuted as herein after mentioned.

Sums payable in XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Sums of Money which

pursuance of this shall be paid, incurred, or recovered, in pursuance of this Act, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared

Act, to be Ster- to be, Sterling Money of Great Britain; and shall be paid, collected, and recovered, to the Amountjof

ling Money of the Value which such nominal Sums bear in Great Britain.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, .That all Forfeitures and Penalties

inflicted by this Act, as well specifick as pecuniary, and all Suits or Informations which shall be brought or

commenced for the Recovery thereof, shall be sued for, prosecuted, tried, heard, and determined, and the

said Penalties and Forfeitures distributed and disposed of, in such Manner and Form, and by such Rules,

Regulations, and Restrictions, as are prescribed and directed in and by an Act made in the fifth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act for the more effectual preventing the Mischiefs

4 arising to the Revenue and Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit .and clandestine

4 Trade to and from the^fc of Many with respect to the Forfeitures and Penalties therein mentioned.

4 XXV. And whereas by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled. An Act to pro-

hibit, for a limited Timey the Exportation of Corny Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, B if cult, and Starch;

4 and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from IVloeat and IVheat Flour; it is, amongst other

4 Things, enacted. That the said Act shall not extend to two thousand five hundred Quarters of Wheat,

4 Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, transported from the Ports of Southampton or Exeter only, unto the

4 Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Island, under certain Restrictions in the said Act

4 mentioned : And whereas the Ports of Southampton and Exeter, being remote from the Isle of Man, the

4 Navigation is too expensive and inconvenient to carry the said Goods from thence ; by which Means the

4 good Purposes intended by the said Act has been in a great Measure, if not entirely, ineffectual \ be it

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the patting of this Act, it shall and

may be lawful for any of his Majesty’s Subjects, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of the

Great Britain.

Forfeitures and

Penalties to be

sued for and re-

covered,

and applied ss

Act 5 Geo. 3.

Recital ofClause j

in an Act of

this Session.

The Qjrtntity

redded aft^of recited Act, to transport Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, from the~Ports of Whitehaven and

Wheat, Barley, Liverpool, instead of the Ports of Southampton and Exeter, under the like Restrictions, Securities, and Li-

&c. for the use mitations, as are mentioned in the said recited Act; so as the whole Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats,

of the Inhabi- Meal, and Flour, which shall be shipped at both the said Ports of JVhitehaven and Liverpool, together with

transported from Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Hour (if any) which shall have been shipped at the

Whiichaven and said Ports of Southampton and Exeter, for the Isle of Man, as aforesaid, shall not exceed two thousand five

i^unpooi, in- hundred Quarters; one Moiety of the Quantity so to be shipped under the Authority of this Act, shall be

1 shipped

3QQle

