A. H. T768. Anno octavo Georgii III. G. 29, 30, 31, 32. 493

V. i,*eJ always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if all or any of the Annuities to b*

Pd.i' :p.i! Monies com poling such respective Parts of the said Capital and Joint Stock, hereby intended P*,d to th*

to be redeemed on the said Fifth Day of July, One thousand (even hundred and sixty-eight, the said foJtheV^kulas

Tenth Day of October, One thousand fev n hundred and sixty-eight, and the said Fifth Day of January, Redemption

One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, shall be paid and satisfied at the Bank of England, before thereof.

the respective Day appointed for any such Redemption; the said Governor and Company mall, in every

such Cafe, pay, and they are hereby impowered to pay, in respect of the Principal Monies so discharged,

the full Sum which the Annuities attending the fame would have amounred unto, on the Day herein

before mentioned for the Redemption of such Part respectively; any Thing herein, or in any other

Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and No M«nnb«- 0#

Company, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of his or their doing the &>m-

any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this A6h eurany Dikbihry

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any1^*

Time or Time*, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in

pursuance of this A&, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained; such Person or Persons shall and

^jnay plead the General HTue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his and their Defence; and ifGeneral Jflue,

a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his

or their Action, or be Nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him or them upon Demurrer,

or otherwise; then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against Treble CdU*

such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for ap-

plying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Serviqe of the Year One thousand seven hundred

and hxty-eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

£ X P.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities, and a Lottery attended with Annuities,

to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for carrying certain Duties on Wines, and on Cyder and

Perry, granted by Two Acts of the Third and Sixth Years of His present Majesty, to the said Fund.

EXP.

CAP. XXXII.

&n Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement made between the Mayor and Commonalty See 10 c«o. 51

and Citizens of the City of London, and the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of

Mercers of the said City, and Stamp Brookjbank Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners of

His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, for the Purchase of Grejbam College, and the Ground

and Buildings thereunto belonging; and for veiling the fame unalienably in the Crown for

the Purpose of erecting and building an Excise-Office there, and for enabling the Ledturers

of the said College to marry, notwithstanding any Reftridlion contained in die Will of Sir

Thomas Grejbam Knight, deceased.

9 "117 HEREAS the House and Buildings now made use of for the managing and conducing the Preamble*

9 W Business of His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, situated in the Old Jewry, London, and called or

€ known by the Name of The Excise Office, are, for want of necessary Room for the Officers and Clerks,

4 found very inconvenient and inefficient for the well ordering and conducing the Business of the said

9 Office, which Business bath, of late Years, been considerably encreased: And whereas the said House

and Buildings, as well from their Construction, as from the Number and Nearness of the ancient Houses

4 which confine and surround the fame, are greatly exposed to Fire; and no Place has been, nor caa

4 be there found sufficient and proper to secure the Records and Papers of the said Office from such

9 Accidents; and as the Lease of the said House and Buildings will expire on the Tenth Day of October,

4 One thousand seven hundred and seventy, it is necessary that some more (afe, fit, and commodious

Place be prepared, to which the said Office may be removed: And whereas the Messuage, Tenement,

9 Edifices, and Buildings, now called and known by the Name of Grejbam College situate in the Parish

c of Saint Helens in Bishopjgate-Street, and in Saint Peters the Poor, in the City of London, have, upon

€ Enquiry, been deemed a proper and* convenient Place for the: erecting and building an Office for the

f managing, conducing, and carrying on, the Business of His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise: And

whereas upon Confutation of the Premises, the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Revenue of Ex-

cife did, by and with the Consent, Approbation, and Direction, of the Commissioners of His Ma-

i'jeft/s Treasury, treat with the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the

A 4 Wardens

