A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. C. 57. 429

to any of his Majesty’s Plantations in America, in any Chest, Cask, Tub, or Package whatsoever, other than of Aj”e*

that in which it was originally imported into Great Britain; nor in any less Quantity than the whole and Jp^ge.

intire Quantity contained in any Chest, Cask, Tub, or Package, in which the fame was sold at the Publick no*jna icf8 6

Sale of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; under the Penalty of the quantity than

Forfeiture of such Ten, and the Package containing the fame, which shall and may be seized by any wholeQuan-

Officer of the Customs; and such Forfeiture shall be recovered and applied in such and the same Manner, am

as any of the Penalties or Forfeitures mentioned in the said Act, made in the twenty-first Year of the Company’*

Reign of his late M a jetty, are hereby directed to be recovered and applied; and all Tea exported under the sJe j onVwfei-

Authoricv of this Act is hereby freed and discharged from the Payment of the Inland Duties of Excise, in ture thereof

such and the same Manner, and shall be subject to the same Rules and Regulations, as are mentioned, ap-1(> bc recovered

pointed, and prdcribed by the said Act, in relation to Tea exported by virtue thereof. Act iTceo^z

c. 14. directs. Teas exported under this Act, discharged of the Inland Duties of Excise.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of July, confifeated Tea*

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, all Teas which shall be seized and condemned for being ille- to be sold, and

gaily imported, or for any other Cause, shall not be sold for Consumption within this Kingdom, but shall be delivered out for

exported to Ireland, or to the British Colonies in America; and that no such Teas, after the Sale thereof, ExP^cation

shall be delivered out of any Warehouse belonging to his Majesty, otherwise than for Exportation as afore- b

said \ or be exported in any Package containing a less Quantity than fifty Pounds weight; which Expoita- 8 Geo. 3. c. *5.

tion shall be made in like Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and in Package*

except in respect to the Allowance of any Drawback, as are by this Act prescribed, appointed, and in- containing not

flifted, in relation to the Exportation of Teas sold by the said Company; and upon the like Bond and jj1*

Security as is required by the said Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King to°f"Ch oth»

George the Second, to be approved of by the Commissioners of the Customs of Excise in England for the Regulations

time being, or any three of them respectively, or by such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint are here men-

for that Purpose. tioned*

X, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced

against any Person or Persons for any thing determined by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, the

Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Ittue, and give this Act, Genertl IOuc*

and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in

pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or

Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action

or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise 5 then

such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Coils awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff' or Treble ColU#

Plaintiffs.

CAP. LVIL

An Act for establishing an Agreement for the Payment of the annual Sum of four hundred see chap, a*.

thousand Pounds, for a limited Time, by the East India Company, in respect of the terri- *49,

torial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies.

WHEREAS the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies have pro- prcamble*

VV posed, that a temporary agreement should be made in relation to the territorial Acquisitions and

4 Revenues lately obtained there; and have thereupon offered to pay, for the Benefit of the Publick,

c during the Term of such Agreement, the yearly Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, by Half-yearly

4 Payments: And whereas it may be for the Benefit of the Publick, and the said Company, that a tern-

4 porary Agreement, for the Space of two Years, should be made in regard of the said territorial Acquisitions

and RevenuesNow we, your Majesty’s moftdutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in

Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by

the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the India Con*a*

said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their Successors, shall Pany to pay into'

advance and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, for his Majesty’9 Use, the Sum of four k^'Cex-

hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, for and during the Term of two Years, to be computed from the first chequer,8

Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, by Half-yearly Payments of two hundred 400,0001. per

thousand Pounds each; which Half-yearly Payments of two hundred thousand Pounds shall become due on Annum, for the

the first Day of August, and the first Day of February, in each Year; and shall be made on or before the Tc7??f2VcatV

twenty-fifth Day of March next enfuine such first Day of August, and on the twenty-ninth Day of £yaymen^of

September next ensuing such first Day 0? February respectively, in each Year; the first of which Half- *00,0001. each*

yearly Payments shall become due on the first Day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, *

amd be made on or before the twenty-fitth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight; and on Failureof any

in case the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their Successors, of the fcia Pay^

shall make Failure in any of the said Payments hereby appointed to be made into the Receipt of his Ma- merits,

jelly’s Exchequer, on or before the respective Days or Times herein before limited; that then, from time

to time, as often as such Cafe shall so happen, the Money, whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made,

ibali

