375

A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. C. 48.

mav be raised, levied, collecded, or recovered by any Act of ftrlinment now in Force, as fully and effec-

tually, to all Intents and Puipofcs, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and For-

feitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated an J again enacted in the Body of this present Act

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'T hat the said Duties granted by this A& Moneytobepal*

upon Rice exported, shall (the necessary Charges of Management excepted) be paid into the Receipt of his ,nto lheExche*

Majesty's Exchequer, and be there reserved for the Disposition of Parliament. cd for Vhe DifpZ

fition of Parliament.

c IX. And whereas the permitting Foreign Lace made of Silk or Thread, and Foreign Needle-work,

to be worn or used in Great Britain, after the fame has been seized and condemned, gives the unfair

Dealer in those Commodities Opportunity to secure from Seizures great Quantities thereof, which are

4 clandestinely imported :* Now, to prevent a Practice so very prejudicial to the Publick Revenue, and the

Manufacturers of fitch Goods in this Kingdom, be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That from and after the seventh Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, no Foreign No Foreign Lace

Lace made of Silk or Thread, or Foreign Needle-work, which shall have been, or shall be, seized and of silk or

condemned in Great Britain, for any Cause of Forfeiture, shall be fold or delivered out of any Custom- Thread, or F#-

house Warehouse wherein the fame shall be secured, otherwise than on Condition to be exported under failed an*

the like Securities, Regulations, and Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are prescribed by Law, condemned in

for the due Exportation of East India Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain; any Law, Great Britain,

Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. ht so,d»

delivered out o*

the King*! Warehouses, but for Exportation only.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-

menced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or

Defendants, in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special General

Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in pursuance and by

the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defen-

dant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant

or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against

the Plaintiff; the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the-

fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for regulating the Proceedings of certain Public Companies and Corporations carry-

ing on Trade or Dealings with Joint Stocks, in respect to the Declaring of Dividends*

and for further regulating the Qualification of Members for voting in their respective

General Courts.

WHEREAS by virtue of divers Acts of Parliament, and of Royal Charters founded thereupon, Preamtte*

€ VV certain Public Companies or Corporations have been instituted for the Purpose of carrying on ,

€ particular Trades or Dealings with Joint Stocks; and the Management of the Affairs of such Com-

4 panics has been veiled in their General Courts, composed of the Members at large of such Companies

4 respectively; tn which General Courts every Member of each respective Company, possessed of such

4 Share in the Stock of the Company as in and by the said Acts of Parliament and Charters is limited

4 with regard to each of the said Companies respectively, is qualified and intitled to give a Vote or Votes i

4 And whereas of late Years a mod unfair and mischievous Practice has been introduced of splitting large

4 Quantities of Stock, and making separate and temporary Conveyances of the Parts thereof, for the Pur-

4 pose of multiplying or making occasional Votes immediately before the Time of declaring a Dividend,

4 of chusing Directors, or of deciding any other important Question; which Practice is subversive of

*4 every Principle upon which the Establishment of such General Courts is founded, and, if suffered to

4 become general, would leave the permanent Interest of such Companies liable at all Times to be sacrificed

4 to the partial and interested Views of a few, and those perhaps temporary Proprietors :* Be it therefore*

enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi-

ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

fame. That from and after the first Day of Augujly one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, no Member* VS*

Member of any of the said Publick Companies or Corporations, instituted for the Purpose aforesaid, shall

be deemed qualified to vote, or be admitted to give any Vote or Votes, in any General Court of any such Coint \xh<*

Company, in respect of any Stock transferred to him, her, or them, after the said first Day of August, were cot poUeir-

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, until he, she, or they, shall have been pofllileJ of such of Stock in

Stock six Calendar Months; unless such Stock shall have been acquired or shall have come by Bequest, or lh« Convoy fix

by Marriage, or by Succeftion to an Inteilate’s Estate, or by the Custom of the City of London, or by any

Deed of Settlement after the Death of any Person who shall have been intitled for Life to die Dividends Cafe§^!aVmcnr

Of such Stock* tioru-d.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the federal and respective Oaths and o*ths*nd Afiir.

Afiumatiom which at preicitf, either by vutucof any Act of Parliament, or by any Charter of any of no^icm.cobirc*,

Ule tw nUun bj*

