4i+

Peoaltiei and

Forfeitures how

Co be recovered

and applied.

For want of

Did refs. Offen-

der to be com-

mitted.

Merlons aggrier.

ed, may appeal

to the Quarter

Sctfions.

Distreft to be

kept s Day.,

and may be re-

deemed within

that Time.

Limitation of

Adlioai.

Ceneral I flue.

. Treble Coftt.

Publick Att.

C. 52. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

pcnces; and shall give such publick Notice of all their Meetings as shall, from time to time, be agreed

upon by them, or any five or more of them.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act incurred, or au-

thorifed to be imposed or levied (the Manner of levying and Recovery whereof is not otherwise hereby

particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chat-

tels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of any two or more Justices of the Peace for the

said County of Cornwall\ or for the Place or Places where such Offence shall be committed (which War-

rant or Warrants the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to make, upon the Information of

any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; which Oath the said Justices are hereby im-

powered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) 5 and such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

when recovered (after rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels

shall be so distrained and fold, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted) shall go and be

applied, and laid out, if not otherwise directed tol)e applied and disposed of by this Act, for and towards

the Execution of the Purposes of this Act: And for want of sufficient Distress, the said Justices, or any

two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to commit the Person or Persons so convicted to

the Common Gaol of the said County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain for

the Space of one Month, or until Payment of the respective Forfeitures shall be made.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by the Order or

Judgement of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon Account of any Offence or Offences committed or

supposed to be committed against this Act, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Corn-

wall, at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be held within the Space of six Calendar Months

after such Cause of Appeal shall happen; the Person or Persons so appealing first giving Security, to the

Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices, to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to pay the Costs

which shall be ascertained by the said General or Quarter Session, in case such Orders or Judgements shall

be affirmed; and the Justites, at such General or Quarter Session, are hereby authorised and required to

hear and determine such Appeal, and to make such Order, therein, and to award such Costs as to them

shall appear just; which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or re-

moveable by any Writ of Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at West-

minster or elsewhere; and that no Order or Proceeding to be had or made by or before any Justice of the

Peace, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Part of the Goods and Chattels to be at any

Time distrained by virtue of this Act (other than such Distress or Distreffes as shall be made for Nonpay-

ment of the Rates and Duties by this Act granted) shall be fold till the Expiration of five Days from the

Day upon which such Goods and Chattels shall be distrained 5 and that it shall and may be lawful to and

for the Person or Persons convicted* at any Time before the Expiration of the said five Days, to redeem

such Goods and Chattels by Payment of the Money for which the fame shall have been so distrained, to-

gether with the Costs and Charges of making such Distress.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Actionor Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against

any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act in relation to the Premises,

that in every such Cafe such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the

Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County or Place where the Cause

of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit so

to be brought, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evi-

dence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of

this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Actions shall be brought after

the Time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, that

then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict; or if the Plain-

tiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or

Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs; the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy

for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants have or hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be judged, deemed, and taken to be, a publick

Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomso*

ever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP.

