Ak» D< 176^*

Anno quinto Georgii III.

C. 41, 42.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors. EXP. See 1 Ann.

v St. i.c. 25.

% 8c 3 Arm. c. 16. 6 Geo. c. 12. 11 Geo. c. si. % Geo. s. c. so. 10 Gco» s. c. 16. 11 Gto. a. c, 9. 16 Ge*. a. e, 27. u Geo. 2. c. 31. 28 Geo. a. c* 19*

«9 Geo. 2. c. 18. 1 Geo. 3. c. 27. 9 Geo. 3. c. a6.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for redeeming one-fourth Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities established by an Act

made in the Third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, in respect of several Navy, Victual-

ling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

MdJ} gracious Sovereign,

intituled, Preamble, re-

Ordnance Ciat.fes i*

4 T Y 7 HEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Third Year of your Majesty’s Reign, i

An Act for granting Annuities to fatify certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills and L __________

4 Debentures; and for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund; and making good the 3Gco-3*

fame to the [aidFund, in manner therein mentioned; it was provided and directed, That all and every s*Cc 6 Geo. 3.

4 rerfon ana Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, who should, within the Time therein limited, c. 41.

4 deliver in certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, to be cancelled 7 Geo.

in Manner thereby directed, should, for the Principal Sum or Sums contained therein, and also for the

4 Interest marked upon such of the said Bills as bore an Interest, be respectively intitled to, and have an

4 Annuity after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the twenty-fifth Day

4 of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and to be payable Half Yearly, at the Bank of

4 England, to such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or such as he, she, or they, should

4 appoint his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, until Redemption thereof

4 by Parliament, in Manner therein mentioned; and that all such Monies should be deemed to be one

4 Capital or Joint Stock, on which the said Annuities should be attending: And whereas the several

4 Principal Monies contained in the Bills and Debentures delivered in and cancelled, together with such

4 Interest as aforesaid, which were converted into a Capital or Joint Stock in pursuance of the said Act,

4 amount to the Sum of three millions four hundred eighty-three thousand five hundred fifty^three Pounds

4 one Shilling and ten Pence: And whereas your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Com-

4 mons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, have resolved, that one-fourth Part of the said Capital

4 Stock be redeemed and paid off on the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and

4 sixty-five; and several Publick Notices have been given of the said Resolution by the Speaker of the Notices givtn of

4 House of Commons, pursuant to the Order of that House ;* and therefore your faithful Commons do the intention of

most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Ex- Parliament to

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com- four^PaTt of

mons. in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such Notices as th^joimStock

aforesaid shall be, and be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, good and sufficient Notice or Notices, within of Annuities

the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, for the Redemption of one-fourth Part of the said Capital ertabiirtien by

or Joint Stock, and of the Annuities attending on such Part; and the fame shall be redeemable and the recited

redeemed accordingly. ' '

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the twenty-fifth Day of and 870.8S8I.

December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, there shall and may be issued and paid to the Go- 5s. 5d. aq.out

Vernor and Company of the Bank of England, the Sum of eight hundred and seventy thousand eight hun- of the Sophie*

fired cightv-eight Pounds five Shillings and five Pence Halfpenny, out of all or any the Aids or Sup- ^vke of*theC

plies granted in this Session of Parliament (except any particular Aid or Supply which hath been or curi'^ct ycarc

{hall be, in the same Session, specially and intirely appropriated to any one particular Use or Purpose)

which Sum shall be applied, by the said Governor and Company, in Payment of the like Sum of eight to be paid, for

hundred and seventy thousand eight hundred eighty-eight rounds five Shillings and five Pence Half- ,hat Pt rP^e,

penny, for the Redemption and full Satisfaction of one-fourth Part of the said Capital or Joint Stock. lnolhc Dark;

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the said twenty-fifth and to u ifflied

Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, there shall and may, by Order of the Com- «cordiagiy ar

missioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being,

Without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that Behalf, be issued and paid from the Vrea-

at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by fury.

way of Imprest and upon Account, out of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, commonly

called The Sinking Fund (upon which the said Annuities were charged by the said Act made in the third ontofthcMenl?$

Y<?ar of his present Majesty’s Reign) such Sum of Money as shall be necessary for the Discharge of the of tbcSii.king

Annuities attending such one-fourth Part of the said Joint Stock, from the twenty-ninth Day of £V/>-FunJ>

lember one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, to the twenty*fifth Day of December following, inclu-

five; which Sum shall be applied, by the said Governor and Company, in discharge of such Annuities an4 to bf anp’ird

accordingly, at the fame Time that the respective Principal Monies, composing such one-fourth Part, shall by the B^.k,

be paid and satisfied; and that all such Annuities, in respect of such one-fourth Part, shall cease ami be dirchar6c of the

xrxtinguished from the twenty-fifth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five. rj,d Annultic*‘

‘ N 2 IV. And

