312

C. 37. Anno leptimo Georgii III. A. D. 1767.

Citizens as aforefax!, were respectively settled, limited, or assured, at the Time of such Purchase, or so

many thereof as, at the rime of making such Conveyances and Settlements, {hail be existing and capable

of taking Effect.

Conveyances by XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance of any such Estate or Interest of any Feme

Fe-ne Covert in- Covert to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or any Per ion or Persons in Trust for them, by

jolled, to be cf. Bargain and Sale, acknowledged by such Feme Covert, and to be inrolled in the Court of Hustings of the

* i said City, according to the Custom of the said City, within six Calendar Months after the making

thereof, {hall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest: of such Feme Covert, in thePre-

mises, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do, if levied or suffered thereof in

due Form of Law'; and farther, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made of any such Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments, as shall be purchased by the said Mayor and Commonalry and Citizens,

by virtue of, and for the Purposes of, this Act, {hall have the Force, Effect, and Operation, in Law, to

all Intents and Purposes, which any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would,have, if

levied or suffered by the Bargainor or Bargainors, or any Person or Persons seised of any Estate in the

Premises, in Trust, for or to the Use of such Bargainor or Bargainors, iu any legal Manner or Fom

whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted. That all 2nd every Person and Persons whomsoever, having any Right,

inLand so u Title, Intcre^» Use, Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, whether in Possession, Reverfton, Re-

chafed toemer" ma*n^er> or Expectancy, in, to, or out of, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which by virtue

their claims and for the Purposes of this Act shall be purchased by and conveyed, or mentioned or intended to be eon-

within a limited veyed, to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, by any such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid,

and so all other

Bargaini and

Sales for the

Purposes of this

a a.

Persons having

any Righr, See,

Time, or be

>*rred j

chafe-money

from Persons

receiving the

lame.

shall, within the Space of five Years, to be compu ed from the Date of the Inrollmentof such Bargain

and Sale, enter a Memorial of such their Right, Title* Interest, Use, Property, Claim, apd Demand, in

a Book to be for that Purpose prepared and kept by the Town Clerk of the said City of London for the

time being ; which Book the said Town Clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly; and for

which Entry he {hall be intitled to such Fee, and no other, as the Register of the. County of MMlefcxis

by Law intitled to for the Registry of a Memorial containing the fame Number of Words; and all and

every Person or Persons whomsoever, not entering such Right, Claim, and Demand, within such Time,

and in such Manner as aforesaid, or having so entered the lame, and not prosecuting such their. Right,

Claim, or Demand, with Effect, within the Space of five Years, to he computed from the Time of such

Entry, {hall be for ever barred of all Right, Title, U/c, Equity, Property, Claim, or Demand what-

soever, whether in Possession, Reverfton, Remainder, or Expectanc y, in, to, upon, or out of, the said

Premises, and every Part thereof: And the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and those claiming

by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the Possession of all such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments,

and Premises; any Law, Statute, Usage, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwith-

(landing.

Fat »t Liberty to XXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted. That any Person or Persons barred of any Right,

recover the Pur-Title, Estate, Interest, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of, the said Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments, by virtue of this Act, {ball be at Liberty to biing any Action or Actions of Debt for

Money had and received to his or their Use, against any Ptrlon or Persons, or the legal Representative of

any Person or Persons, who received the Purchase-money arising from such Sale of the said Lands, Tene-

ments, Hereditaments, and Premiles aforesaid ; and that in every such Cafe, the respective Plaintiffs, on

Proof of such Title as would have enabled therti to recover such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

or any Part thereof, or any Estate or Interest in the fame, {hail recover the said.Purchase-money, or fn

much thereof as shall be equivalent to their Interest in the said Premises, together with such Interest as shall

be equivalent to the mesne Profits of the Premises which they would have been intitled to recover, in case

this Act had not been made.

...........f XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant at Will, or Lessee for a Year, or other

Tfrant? to deli-Person or Persons in Possession of any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, or any Part

▼er Voflertion thereof, which shall be purchased by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens as aforesaid, and who

{hall have no greater Interest in the Premises than as Tenant at Will, or as Lessee by Parole for a Year,

or from Year to Year, ft)all, at the Expiration of six Calendar Months after Notice in Writing left upon

the Premises, or so soon after as he or they {hall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Pof-

fession of the said Premises to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or any Person qr Persons

authorised by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to take Possef-

fion thereof; and that in case any such Person or Persons shall refuse to give such Possession, then it shall

and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, to issue their Precept or Precepts to

the She lifts of the said City, to deliver Possession of the Premises to such Person or Persons as shall

in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same.; and the said Sheriffs are hereby required to

deliver Possession accordingly of the fai • Premises, and to levy Inch Ccfts as ih ill accrue from the Ilfiing

and Exccuri' n of such Precept or Precepts, on the Person or Persons so lefuling to give Possession as afore-

said by Distrcfs and Sale of his, her, or their Goods.

XXIII. And be it fotther enacted. That all and every Person and Persons who shall have any Mortgage

or Mortgages on such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or on such Lease of the Tolls, not being

in Possession thereof, by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall, on the Tender of the Principal

Money, and Interest due thereon, together wiili six Months Imqrcft of the said Principal Mon:y, by the

said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council aflemuied, or by such .Person or Persons

as they {hall appoint, immediately assign such Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Mayor and Commonalty

and

After Purchase,

within fix

* Months after

Notice.

On Rcfufrl,

Court to issue a

Precept to toe

Sheriffs to deli

ver PollciJion.

Mor’gJtjres, on

Jen.i-r -f !*rin-

410a, *n lute

rtrt, to convey.

