The TITLES of the STATUTES;

95. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading

from Brlghth elm ft on, to the County Oak on Lovell Heathy

in the County of Sussex.

96. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from

the Borough of Bury Saint Edmunds, to the Town of

Nevjmarkety in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge;

and from the South End of the Ferry Street in Brandon,

to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County of Suffolk.

97. An Act to extend the Provisions in two Acts passed

in the third and fifth Years of his present Majesty, for

repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely

to Littleporty and other Roads therein mentioned, to the

Road from IVillhurton to Alepall; and for making other

Provision for repairing the said Road from Ely to Little-

portj and for making and keeping in Repair a Road

from Littlepert to Cncquer Corner in Downhanty in the

Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

98. An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the

Road from Macclesfield, in the County of Chcfiery to the

Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head in Fernilee,

in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frithy

in the same County.

99. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads

leading to and through the Borough of Tamworth, and

other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Staf-

ford, Warwick and Derby.

100. An Act to continue the Term, and to vary and en-

large the Powers of two Acts of the twelfth Year of the

Reign of King George the First, and the eighteenth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the

Highways from Speenhamlandy in the County of Berks,

to Marlboroughy in the County of Wilts ; and for repair-

ing several other Roads therein mentioned.

joi. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

Burford to Banbury, in the County of Oxford 5 and

from Burford aforesaid to the Turnpike Road leading to

StoiVy in the County of Gloucester, at the Bottom of

Stow-billj and from Swerford-gate, in the said County

of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the

County of Northampton.

102. An Act to amend an Act made In the sixth Year of

the Reign of his present Majesty, for making a navi-

gable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near

fVilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River

Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap j and for granting fur-

ther Powers for that Purpose.

103. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the

sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-

tuled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut

§r Canal from the River Severn, between Bewdley und

Titton Brook, in the County of Worcester, to cross the

River Trent, at or near Hey wood Mill, in the County of

Stafford, and to communicate with a Canal intended to be

made between the said River Trent and the River Mersey ;

and for granting further Powers for that Purpose.

104. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the

thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the

Second, for improving the Navigation of the River

Clyde, to the City of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge

cross the said River, from the said City, to the Village

of G orb ells.

105. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut

or Canal, and Waggon Way, from the Collieries in the

Parishes of Old ana New Monkland, to the City of

Glasgow.

106. AYi Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge

the Powers of an Act made in the thirty-first Year of

his late Majesty, fgr repairing the Road from the Vil-

lage of Magsr, to the Bridge Foot in the Town of Qbefi-

flow in the County of Monmouth, and other Roads in

the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester \ and for re-

pairing and widening several other Roads adjoining to

the said Roads.

107. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarg#

the Powers of three Acts for repairing the Highways

through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Al-

ban, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Alims, in

the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex.

108. An Act for continuing, amending, and rendering

more efteftual, so much of three Acts of Parliament,

for repairing the Roads from Seven-oakeSy Tunbridge-

Wclhy and Kipping s-Cross, to Lan.berhurst-Pound, and

Pullin's Hilly in the County of Kent; and to Flimwell-

Vent, in the County of Sussex; as relates to the Road

leading from Sevenoakes Common to Weed/gate, Tunbriage-

Wells, and Kipping-Cross, in the said County of Kent.

too. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads

leading from the Town of Louthy in the County of

Lincoln.

no. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effec-

tual, an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, for maintaining, regulating, and

employing the Poor of the Parish of oaint Clement

Danes, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of

Middlesex.

111. An Act for compleating the Navigation of the River

Swale, from its Junction with the River Ure to Alortcn

Bridgey and of Bedale Brook in the County of York,

and for repealing Part of an Act made in the seventh

Year of his present Majesty’s Reign relating thereto.

112. An Act for building a new ParUh Church, and de-

claring the present Parish Church a Chapel 5 for making

a Coemetery or Church-yard ; and for building ^n House

for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mary

le Bone, in the County of Middlesex.

113. An Act for repairing, widening, turrling, and alter-

ing the Roads from Butterton Moor End near Oncott, in

the County of Stafford, to the three Mile Stone in the

Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Ashbornt, in the

County of Derby, and from Blockton Moor, in the County

of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton

to Ashborne near Newhavem, in the County of Derby

and from Warjlow to Ellon Aftne, in the County of

Stafford.

114. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut

or Canal from Leeds Bridge, in the County of York, to

the North Lady s Walk in Liverpool in the County

Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the Rive*

Merfey•

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 10 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to enable the Right Honourable Geore*

i \ Sackville, commonly called Lord George Sackville,

and his Ill'ue Male, to take and use the Surname of Ger-

main, pursuant to the Will of the Right Honourable the

Lady Elizabeth Germainy deceased.

2. An Act for naturalizing John Caspar Schneider.

3. An Act for naturalizing Adam Kroll.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Cailler.

5. An Act to enable the Bilhop of Briffol to grant a Lea fit

or Leases of a Close of Ground, cemmonly called Tha

Bijhofts Park, in the Parish of Saint Augujline, other-

wife called Saint Augustine the Less, within the City of

Bristol or the Subvbs thereof.

6. An

