A. 0. 1767. Anno feptimo Georgii IIH C. 40. 339

LVII. Provided, That no such Appeal shall be made against any Conviction, for the Forfeiture of any Where APPei!

Horse or other Heart by virtue of this Act, unless the Person convicted shall, at the Time of such Convie-

tion, give Notice of his or her Intention to appeal ; and at the fame Time enter into Recognizance, with for\heVorki?

sufficient Sureties, to pay the Value of such Horse or ocher Heart, in case such Conviction shall be affirmed Uire of any

upon such Appeal; and upon his or her giving such Security, such Horse or other Heart shall be forthwith Hotfc, Ac.

delivered to such Person. t Notice of Appeal

* » to be given at

the Time of Conviction, and Recognizance, with Sureties, entered into ; and Horse to be thereupon returned.

LVni. And be it enacted. That where any Oath |j hereby reouired and diretflcd to be made or talcen, o&'hs to be ad*

the Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, or Place, or the Trustees or Commission- mmiftered by

ers of any Turnpike Road, as the Cafe may be, and according to the several Jurisdictions herein J“ftice#»

given to them respectively as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby respectively impowered to administer lruftcc*’

the fame.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the several Powers, Provisions, Regulations, Commencement

Clauses, and Matters therein contained, shall commence and take effect on the twenty-ninth Day of Sep- of this Act.

tember next ensuing.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Limitation* of

Persons for any Thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, then, and in every such Cafe, such Action Aftiom.

or Suit shall be commenced or piofecuted within three Calendar Months after the Fast committed, and not

afterwards; and the fame, and every such Action or Suit, shall be brought in the County, Riding, Divi-

fion, or Place, where the Person against whom such Action or Suit shall be commenced doth ordinarily in-

habit and reside, or in the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where the Fast was committed, and not else-

where; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General General I (The*

Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that

the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act : And if the fame shall appear to have

been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the fame,

or be brought and laid in any other County, Riding, Division, or Place, than as aforementioned, then the

Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or

discontinue his, her, or their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared ; or if, upon

Demurrer, Judgement shall he given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (nail

and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for Recovery thereof, as any Defendant or De- Tieble Co*ir

fendants hath or have in any other Cafes by Law.

LXI. And be it further enacted. That from and after the twenty-eighth Day of September next, so much Repeal of To

of an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, 4 An much of the

4 Act for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for re-

4 pairing Highways ; or Locks or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers ioTurnp*k«;

4 navigable*) as relates to Turnpikes ; as also so much of an Act passed in the fifth Year of his late Majesty Act 1 Ceo.

King George the Second (intituled, 4 An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in stat. *.c. 19*

4 the first Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully 5 Ceo.». c. jj.

4 ami maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways \ or Locks or other Works, erected by

4 Authority of Parliament^ for making Rivers navigable)* as relates to Turnpikes ; as also so much of an Act

passed in the eighth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, 4 An Act for rendering the 8 Ceo. 1. c. s%

4 Laws more effectual for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy

4 Turnpikes for repairing Highways; or Locks or other Works, erected by Act of Parliament, for making

4 Rivers navigable ; and for other rurposes therein mentioned*) as relates to Turnpikes; as also so much of

•n Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, 4 An Act for T4 o#.». c.41*

4 the Preservation of the Publick Roads in that Part of Great Britain called Englandf as relates to the

Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; as also an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of his late Majesty King at Ceo. t.c.sS#

George the Second (intituled, 4 An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his

4 Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act for the Prefer'vation of the Publick Roads in that Part cfGrent Britain

4 called England) and so much of an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of King William and 3 Will.* Marj*

Queen Mary (intituled, 4 An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and for settling the c-

4 Rates of the Carriage of Goods, as relates to the settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods*) except so

much thereof as relates to the Rate or Price for Carriage of Goods ; as also an Act passed in the twenty- f*r coring.•

fourth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, 4 An Act for the more effectual Prefer-

+ vation of the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for the Disposition of *4Cro. j.c.4^

• Penalties given by Acts of Parliament relating to the Highways in that Part of Great Britain called Eng- *illt ‘c*

4 l/ind% and for enforcing the Recovery thereof; and for the more effectual preventing of Mischief occa- ^ntin° Mischief

4 Honed by the Drivers riding upon Carts, Drays, Carrs, and Waggons, in the City of London, and within i wLd b y*

4 ten Miles thereof) except so much thereof as relates to the preventing Mischief occasioned by the I>riv- Driver* r.cm*

ers riding upon Carts, Drays, Carrs, and Waggons, in the City of London; as also another Act passed in upon Cait.*, kei

the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, 4 An Act for lD

• the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and l6°co*l*c* 3#*

4 for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto*) as also an Act passed in the twenty-eighth iSOro.s. c.17.

Year of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, 4 An Act to amend an Act made in the e3UrF< so much

4 twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An Act for the Amendment and Prefer-

4 vatiw of the tublick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution lx!’

4 tut J,crwi relating thereto) except so much thereof as coiuiuucs the Acts them made so repairing and

X* * amaiding

