A. D. 1769. Anno nono Georgij III. C. 40. 623

where there is no Colonel, of the Commanding Officer of each Regiment or Battalion respectively, not-crPr tfce Altvw-

withrtanding such Militia shall have been disemhodied ; and where the Militia /hall be formed into an,In- ci-rk* of tl e

dependant Company or Independant Companies, such Sums as aforesaid shall be paid by the said Re- M*ti*g* an*

ceiveror Receivers General of the Land Tax, into thv' Hands of the respective Captain of each Inde-for Clashing)

pendant Company of Militia, or to such Per Ton as such respective Captain /hall authorise to receive the upon producing

fame, according to the Number of Persons hereby iirituled to receive Pay and Cloathing, of which such ^hc ^r.rant

Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, Independant Company or Independent Companies, s wo,n,men!J

/hall have been appointed to consist, according to the Establishment laid down in an Act passed in the com.

Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act to explain, amend, and reduce pan^s/to the'™"

4 into One Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the Railing and Traning there<p«dive CjP-

4 Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England and such Receiver or Receivers General oft*n«, oriothcw

the Land Tax Dial! also, within Fourteen Days after the Expiration of the Third Calendar Month from°rder$

the Time of the said First Payment, make a Second Payment for Four Calendar Months in Advance; *CC(ox^to th#

and shall also, within Fourteen Days after the Expiration of the Three Calendar Months from the Time uJdown^th*7

of the said Second Payment, make a Third Payment for Four Calendar Months in Advance, for the Pay Mititu Ad of

and contingent Expences of the Militia, and for the Allowances to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk 2Geo: 111.

or Clerks aforesaid, in the Proportions herein before mentioned ; and the Receipts of such Clerk or Clerks, a Second Pay-

and of such Captain of an Independant Company, or Captains of Independant Companies, or of such m*nt is

Person or Persons as such Captain or Captains shall so authorise to receive such Money as aforesaid, shall ^olfthTafter Ur

be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the several Sums of

Money so by him or them paid. ^ * *nd a*Third

IV. And be it enacted. That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall forthwith, after within Three

the Receipt of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, One Calendar Month’s Pay Months after thr

in Advance to the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion respectively; and to the Captain or OfficerScc0"d-

commanding each Company belonging to such Regiment or Battalion, Two Months Pay in Advance Receipt* of the*

for the Serjeants and Drummers 5 and also to the Officer commanding the Company to which the Ser- foJII

ieant Major and Drum Major shall belong, Two Months Pay in Advance for such Ser eant and Drum J*5 °£2d dtf*

Major; and so from Time to Time so long as any Money bit that Account shall remain in his Hands : charge the Re-

VVhich Pay every such Captain or Officer commanding i^nereby required to distribute to each Person bc-ceiw* General,

belonging to his Company, by this Act intituled to receive the same, as it shall become due ; and the The Regimental

Captain of each Independant Company is hereby required to distribute to each Person belonging to his ar]d ®*ttaJion

Company intitled thereto, such Money as he shall receive for Pay of his Company by virtue of this Act ;^ AdVance°One

and such Captain or Officer commanding shall. Once in every Year, give in to the Clerk of the Regi Month’* Pay to

ment or Battalion to which such Company shall belong, or, if Captain of an Independant Company, to the Adjutant

the Receiver General, an Account of the feveiai Payments he shall have made in pursuance of this Act,*nd 2 Month

according to the following Form : tain'for'the^P"

S'ljtin?* and Diumrr.er* ; and for the Serjeant-major and Drum-major ; to b? paid to the Commanding Officer of the Company to which they belong t Cfp-

sains ro distribute ihc Pay accordingly, and account for the fame yearly to the Clerk, or Receivergcneial, if an Independent record ing to the

fallewing Form.

County of

Dr.

ToCafh received of Mr.

Regimental or

Battalion Clerk, or Re-

ceiver-general, as the Cafe

shall he, for T wo Months

ray in Advance — ■.

Per Contra Cr.

Paid Serjeant for

Days Pay from tb

of to the of

following

Ditto as Serjeant-major (if>

One in the Company)

Paid Serjeant for

Days Pay from the

of to the of

following

Paid Drummer

Days at Sixpence, from

the of to the

of following

Ditto as Drum-njajor (if

One in the Company)

Paid Drummer

Days from the of

to the of following

for I

3m the 1

-“-I

}

1

AnJ

