A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. C. 52. $7$

4 on board any Ship or Vessel in any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, as of the Growth

or Product thereof, Proof shall be made where such Melasses or Syrups grew or were produced and ma-

4 nufadured in the Manner directed by the said Act: And whereas by the said recited Act, and by another

Ad made in the last Session of Parliament, for more effectually securing and encouraging the Trade of and 5 Oco. j.

4 his Majesty’s American Dominions, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, it is, amoneft

4 other T hings, enacted, That for every Ship or Vessel that shall set fail from any of the said British Colo*

4 nies or Plantations in America, Bond and Security shall be given, with Condition) that in case any foreign

1 Melasses or Syrups shall be laden on board such Ship or vessel, the fame {hall be brought to some of

his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, or to Great Britain, under the Penalties and For-

4 feiturcs in the said Acts expressed: And whereas the Duty upon foreign Melasses or Syrups imported

4 into the British Colonies in America are now reduced; ana all Melasses and Syrups, British as well as

‘ foreign, are made subject to the fame Duty be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That From ferr

from and after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, so much of the »Nor. 1766,

said recited Acts as relate to any Proof or Certificate with respect to the Growth, Produce, or Manu-

faciure, of British Melasses or Syrups, or any Bond to be entered into with respect to foreign Melasses or ieute ^ anyu

Sy rups, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be, repealed. ' Proof or Cmifi*

fife respcAing Britishi Mcltflcs, or Syrups, or Bond with respe& to foreign Melasses and Syrups, is repealed.

4 XXX. And whereas by an Act made in the twelfth Yesq: of the Reign of King Charier the Second, cl*u(« 1® Act

4 intituled, An Act for encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, and several (ubfequept Acts Vc-

4 of Parliament which are now ip Force* it is, among# other Things, enacted, That for every Ship or

4 Vcfl'cl which shall load any Commodities, in those Acts particularly enumerated, at any British Plan* a»d G*rnf<y by

4 ration, being the Growth, Product, or Manufacture thereof. Bonds shall be given, with one Surety, to Stst. 9 G». w

( the Value q? one thousand Pounds if the Ship be of less Burthen than one hundred Tons, and of the

Sum of two thousand Pounds if the Ship be of greater Burthen, that the fame Commodities Oiall bo

4 brought by such Ship or VeffcJ to feme other British Plantation, oj: to some Port in Great Britain :y Now,

in order more effectually to prevent such Goods being privately carried from any British Colony or

Plantation in America jpto foreign Parts of Europe ir> Vessels that clear out with non-enuroerated Goods,

as weK as to prevent the clandestine Importation of Foreign European Goods Into the said British

Colonies 1 be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of Fromtndifter

January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, Bond and Security, in the like Penalty, shall also J*®* l76J>

be given to the Collector, or other Principal Officer of the Customs, at any Port or Place in any of the 2^*1. SlT

British American Colonies or Plantations, with one Surety betides the Master of evert Ship or Vessel that "tthe Port»in

shall lade or take on board there any Goods not particularly enumerated in the said Acts, with Condition, America, for art

that such Goods Qjall not h® landed at *oy Part of Europe to the Northward of Cape Finijiem, except in non.*n«mer»te4

Great Britain, which Bond shall be discharged in the Mapner hereafter mentioned } that is to say. For P00^11^?

such of the said Goods as {hall be entered for, or landed in Great Britain, the Condition of the Bond shall

be, to bring a Certificate jn Difcfiarge thereof within eighteen Months from the Date of such Bond, and condition #f

within six Months for such of the said Goods as {hall be entered for, or landed in, any of the British Co* thefioa*.

ionics or Plantations in America; which respective Certificates {hall be under the Hands and Seals of thf

Collector and Comptroller, or other Principal Officer of the Customs, resident at the Port or Place where

such Goods shall be landed, testifying the landing thereof; and for such of the said Goods as {hall be

entered for, or landed at, any other Place where the fame may be legally landed, to bring the like Ccrti*

ficate within twelve Months, under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate, or under the Hands and

Seals of two known British Merchants residing there, or such Bond or Bonds {hall be discharged, ia

either of the said Cafes, by Proof upon Oath made by credible Persons, that the said Goods were taken

by Enemies, or perished in the Seas: And if any such non-enutnerated Goods shall be laden on board Kanyfucfc

<any such Ship or Vessel in any British Colony or Plantation in America before such Bond shall be given, 0o*(h

the Goods so laden, together with the Ship or Vessel, and her Furniture, shall be forfeited, and {hall and

maybe fazed by any Officer of the Customs, and prosecuted in such Manner as any other Forfeiture they wo

again# the Laws of the Revenue may be prosecuted. forfeitej, with

____ the Vessel.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing Limitition of

Sierein before contained mall extend, or be construed to extend, to Vcffds which shall be bona fide bound tbi‘ Ai>.with

to some of the Porto of Spain within die JBay of Bifiay.

, some of the Port* of Spain within the Bay of Bifc»jr.

XXXIL And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit {hall be

commenced, either in Great Britain or America, again# any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pur-

fuance of this or any other Act of Parliament relating to his Majesty’s Customs, the Defendant or De-

fendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give the said Acts, and the Special Ceaml UT«e;

Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance, and by v

the Authority, of such Ad: And if it {half appear 10 to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defen-

dant or Defendants: and if the Plaintiff {hall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant

or Defendants^ {half have appeared $ or if Judgement shall be given, upon any Verdict or Demurrer,

against the Plaintiff \ the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy TtcbieCoi<#

for the fame as Defendants have in other Cafes by Law.

N a a CAP.

s

