2S

C. 12.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

A. D. 1765.

House or Place, or for any Occupier of such House or Place, to fell Spirituous Liquors or Wine

therein during the RefuJuc of the Term for which such Licence shall have been granted, without

any new Licence to be had or obtained in that Behalf; any thing to the contrary thereof in any wise

notwithstanding.

Person* felling Wine or XLIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons {hall

Spirit* in a lef* Quanti- fe\\ or VJtfrr by Retail, that is to say, in any less Quantity than one Gallon at any one Time, any

without taking oat*’* Kind of Wine, or any Liquor called or reputed Wine, or any Kind of Spirituous Liquors, in the

Licence forfeit 201. said Colonies or Plantations, without taking out such Licence yearly and eve: y Year, he, (he, or

. they* so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

Person*retailingSpiritu- XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Person who shall retail

ous Liquor* or Wine in Spirituous Liquors or Wine in any Prison or House of Correction, or any Workhouse appoined or

any Prison, ftc. *re to appointed for the Reception of Poor Persons within any of the said Colonies or Plantations*

deemedRetai en. shall a Retailer of Spirituous Liquors or Wine within this Act.

If no Provision be XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time

made for licenfirtg Re- after the said first Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, there shall not be any

'ranted Vnd”rMewed by Provifi°n made for licensing the Retailers of Wine or Spirituous Liquors, within any of the said Co-

therefpe^veGofernori* ionics or Plantations ; then, and in every such Cafe, and during such Time as no provision {hall be

made, such Licences shall and may be granted for the Space of one Year, and renewed from

time to time by the Governor or Commander in Chief of every such respective Colony or Plan-

tation.

Person* buying at any XLVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Person who {hall

one Time, of the chief at any one Time buy of any Chief Distributor within any of the said Colonies or Plantations, Vel-

iheA^mofTare ,Un?’ P^chment, or Paper, the Duties whereof {hall amount to five Pounds Sterling Money of Great

to b* allowed°4j. per* Britain, or upwards, {hall be allowed after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum, upon the prompt

Cmt. on prompt Pay Payment of the said Duties to such Chief Distributor.

ment.

Commiffioner* Officer* XLVII. Ahd be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all publick Clerks or Officer*

»nd talle Ko^e*°from all Colonies or Plantations, who shall from time to time have in their Custody any Publick

Publick Book* in the* B°°ks> or other Matters or Things hereby charged with a Stamp Duty, {hall, at any feasonable Time

Publick office* where or Times, permit nny Officer or Officers thefeunto authorized by the said Commissioners for ma-

S'a^p Duties are charg- naging the Stamp Duties, to infoedf and view all such Publick Books, Matters, and Things, and to

ed, m order to ascertain take thereout such Notes and Memorandums as {hall be necessary for the Purpose of ascertaining or

cf 2o|U.t CS* °n Peaa ly securing the said Duties, without Fee or Reward ; upon Pain tint every such Clerk or other Officer

who {hall refuse or neglect so to do, upon reasonable Request in that Behalf made, {hall, for every such

Refufai or Neglecf, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

TreaTurr to set annually XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the High Treasurer of Great

the Price of Stamps j Britain, or the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or any three or more of such Commissioners,

for the time being, shall, once in every Year at least, set the Prices at which all Sorts of stamped Vel-

lum, Parchment, and Paper, {hall be sold by the said Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties,

and their Officers: and that the said Commissioners for the said Duties shall caule such Prices to be

marked upon every such Skin and Piece of Vellum and Parchment, and Sheet and Piece of Paper :

And if any Officer or Distributor to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall fell, or cause to be sold,

any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, for a greater or higher Price or Sum than the Price or Sum so

set or affixed thereon, every such Officer or Distributor mall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum

of twenty Pounds.

XLIX. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the several Officers who shall be

respectively employed in the raising, receiving, collecting, or paying, the several Duties hereby

the Price so ftt to be

mar/ceJ thereon ; Offi-

cer* fellini tli^m at a

higher Price forfeit 101.

Officer* crrplovcd in

raising or paying the re

flvdive Dat es, to fxht- charged, within the said Colonies and Plantations, shall every twelve Months, or oftener, if there-

bl_.lu*v Crf'en- U!Tto rcclu>rcf^ by the said Commissioners for managing the Laid Duties, exhibit his and their respective

er, before the Governor, Account and Accounts of the said several Duties upon Oath, or if a Quaker upon Affirmation, in.

thereof >ea' i

the Prefcncc of the Governor, or Commander in Chief, or principal Judge of the Colony or Planta-

tion where such Officers shall be respectively reftdent, in such Manner as the High Treasurer, or the

Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of such Commissioners for the time being, shall,

from time to time, direct and appoint, in order that the fame may be immediately afterwards trans-

mitted by the said Officer or Officers to the Commissioners for managing the said Duties, to be comp-

trolled and audited according to the usual Courleand Form of comptrolling and auditing the Accounts

Officer refufin? so to rfo, 0y the Stamp Duties arising within this Kingdom : And if any of the said Officers {hall negledfc or

or not d,:iv paying over rcsure so exhibit any such Account, or to verify the fame upon Oath or Affirmation, or to transmit

any such Account so verified to the Commissioners for managing the said Duties, in such Manner, and

within such Time, as shall be so appointed or directed ; or shall neglect or refuse to pay, or cause to

be paid, into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties in Great Britain^ or to such

other Person or Persons as the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, Qr any three or

more of such Commissioners for the time being, {hall, from time to time, nominate or appoint, the

Monies respectively raised, levied, and received, by such Officers under the Authority of this Act, at

in erder that the faTie

be tra a faulted to 1 he

Orunuilitners.

llu* Money in his

Manus.

or diverting or miC

. such Times, and in such Manner, as they shall be respectively required by the said High Treasurer,

ink any Part thereof * or Commissioners of the T renhiry ; or if any such Officers shall divert, detain, or misapply, all or

m rrrutninp any Person any Part of the said Monies so by them respectively raised, levied,' and received, or shall knowingly

infuptrf^r Monied p*id j return any Person or Persons insuper for any Monies or other Things duly answercJ, paid, or accounted

for*

C,

