A.D. 1767. Anno septimo Georgii III. C. 35. 305

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commoris, in this prcfeqt

Parliament a trembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Clauses in an Act made in the Clauses in A£ ,

fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, 4 An Act against clandeitine Run- 5Gf°

4 ning of uncustomed Goods; and for the" more efteftual preventing of Frauds relating to the Culloms / tfneR^unn^f

relating to such Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as shall be taken in at Sea out of any Ship Good* *&c°

or VtfleJ, in order to be landed or put into any other Ship or Vessel, or Boat; and also relating to Goods

not reported, and found after clearing Ships; and whereby further Remedies are provided against re-

landing Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and Foreign Goods shipped out fur Parts beyond

the Seas; and also relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board Ships outward

bound; and also relating to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burthen of fifty Tons, or under; and also

concerning the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be exported; and also relating to Rum imported

in Casks or Vessels not containing twenty Gallons at the lead; and also relating to Certificate Goods

.entered in order to be exported to Ireland; which were to have Continuance for the Term of three

Years^ from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then

next Session of Parliament respectively; and which ’by several subsequent Acts passed in the ninth Year of and which were

his fakl Majesty’s Reign, and in the second, eighth, fifteenth, and lixfeenth, twentieth, twenty-seventh, confined by

and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, were further continued,

from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and quent s#

sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament; shall be, and the fame further coniinu-

is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, to the twenty-ninth Day of September, one ed to 29ScPl‘

thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of ,77+*

Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by. the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the eighth Year of the Art % Geo. 1.

-Reign of his Majesty King George'the'First, intituled, 4 An Act to prevent the clandest ine Running of

Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; and to gunning cf

4 subject Copper Ore, of the Production of the British Plantations, to such Regulations as other enu-Goods, and the

4 merated Commodities of the like Production are subject / which was to be in Force for two Years, from D^eeroflnfec-

the twenty-fifthj)ay of March, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the tion thereby,

End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts (except the Clatifes which was con-

obliging all Ships and Vessels to perform Quarantine) was to have further Continuance to che first Day tiiu?d by fe^rnl

of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next subse<lu*nt Act*#

Section of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

King George the Second, was intended to be further continued to the first Day of June, one thousand

seven hundred and fifty-four, but, by Mistake, the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven was

inserted therein, instead of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; and which, by

several subsequent Acts made in the twenty-first, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of

his said late Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day

of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next

Section of Parliament; shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, further contina*

to the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from ed to 2* Sept*

thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament. ,774<

III. And be . it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the third Year of the Aa 3 Geer. %.

Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty’s Pro- ? *?-£lL*rlnt"

4 vince of Carolina in America, directly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built Rice^m

in and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law/ which was to be in Force for five CarolinadirectIy

Years, from the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and from thence to any Part of

to the End of the then next Section of Parliament; and also an Act made in the eighth Year of the Europe South-

Reign of his said late Majesty, to continue the said Act from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty- £.*r!*ofc*P*

ninth Day of September, one thousand fev^n hundred and forty-two, and from thence to the End of the and A^TcJco*

then next Section of Parliament, and to extend that Liberty to his Majesty’s Province of Georgia irl 2. for extending

America; which said Acts, by several subsequent Acts made in the fifteenth and sixteenth, twentieth; that Liberty to

twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of his said late Majesty’s Reign, were further continued from the Georgia; which

Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty- ^'fev^raUubft

seven, and from thcifce to the End of the then next Section of Parliament; shall be, and the fame is qLinAfts, U

hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, to the said twenty-ninth Day of September, one furthercontinu.

thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of ed to ip Sept.

Parliament. ' *774*

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his Pan of Aa 1*

late Majesty, intituled, 1 An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first ^co* 2* *. 36*

4 computed, or written and printed in Great Britain; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the fheimporuiion

4 eighth Year of the Reign ol her late Majesty Queen Anne, as impowers the limiting the Prices of Books / Df Books rc-

which Act was to continue in Force from the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hun- printed Abroad,

dred and thirty-nine, for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Section and first c m-

of Parliament; and which, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad,

and first composed or written and printed in Great Britain, by several subsequent Acts made in the &c. which wa*:*

twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of his said late Majesty’s Reign, was further continued continued by

from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and several fobfe-

sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament; shall be, and the fame jyquent Acts,

Vol. X. R r hereby

