The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Univerfitvof Cambridge, in William Earl of Shelburne,

and his Heirs.

49. An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement

between the Mailer, Brethren, and Sillers, of the Hof-

pital of the Lord Ha flings of Loughborough, founded at

Stoke Pages, in the County of Bucks, and Thomas Penn

- Esquire, for exchanging certain Lands and Premiflcs in

Stoke Pages aforesaid $ and for rendering the said Agree-

ment more effectual, for the Purposes thereby intended.

50. An Act to enable Fanny Fowler, Spinster, a Minor,

to convey, allien, and settle, her Real and Personal

Estate, in the Manner therein mentioned, on her in-

tended Marriage with Sir Brooke Bridges Baronet.

51. An Act for Sale of certain Lands in the County of

Kent, settled upon the Rector of the Parish of Saint

George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex; and for

applying the Money arising thereby, in Manner therein

mentioned, for the Benefit of the said Rector.

52. An Act to apply a certain Sum of Money arising

by the Sale of a House in Tetbury, in the County of

Gloucester, and by Donations of several Persons, for

rebuilding the Parish Church and Chancel of Tetbury,

aforesaid.

53. An Act for the Sale of Lands and Tenements, in the

County of Cumberland* late the Estate of William Dobin-

son Gentleman, deceased, for the Benefit of the Children

of Joseph Banks, his Nephew, deceased.

54. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Nixon, with

Hester Spencer, his now Wife, and to enable him to

marry again; and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

55. An Act to enable Brigg Price Esquire, and his Issue,

to take and use the Surname of Fountaine, and to bear

the Arms of Sir Andrew Fountaine Knight, deceased.

56. An Act for naturalizing Henrietta Rosa Peregrina

Townshend, Wife of James Townshend Esquire.

57. An Act for naturalizing John His, John Henry Ernfl,

John Michael Platz, and Rudolph Lemann.

58. An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Hempel\

James Janet, Chrj/lopher John Schultz, John Gottfried

Klatz, Erdmann Christopher Riemann, ana Bernhard Jo-

hann Fleifchrnann.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields

and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Houghton on

the Hill, in the County of Leicester.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing Walkden Moor, and

a Part of a Parcel of Moss Ground, called Chatmofs,

within the Manor of Worjley, in the County Palatine of

Lancaster.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in

Burton Overy, in the County of Leicester.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and

Grounds, in the Parish of Auklorough in the County of

Lincoln.

€3. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common

Fields, Common Meadows, and Wi.fte Grounds, in the

Parish of Emload, in the County of Worcester.

64 An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors or

Commons, in the Parish of Wolfingham, in the County

Palatine of Durham.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and

Wade Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hart-

shorn, in the County of Derby.

€6. An Act for inclosing and dividing the Open Common

Fields, Meadows, Failures, and Common Grounds, in

3

the Manor and Parish of Tetford, in the County of

Lincoln.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields*

Meadows, and Commons, within the Lordship or Li-

berty of IVHfard, in the County of Nottingham.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, and all the Commonable Lands and

Grounds, in Grimflon, in the County of Leicester.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing two Moors, or

Commons, within the Barony and Manor of Warke,

and Parish of Symondlurn, in the County of Northum-

berland,

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com*

mon Arable Fields, in the Parishes of North Ccikerington

and South Cockerington, in the County of Lincoln,

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and

Common Fields and Grounds, within the several Pa-

rilhes of Keelby and St allingbrough, in the County of

Lincoln,

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

and Common Pallure, Common Meadow, Common

Grounds, and Walle Grounds, in the Manor and Lord-

ship of Carlton upon Trent, in the County of Nottinghamt

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common

Fen, in the Parishes of Ajlackby and Doujby, in the

County of Lincoln \ and for draining and improving the

said Fen: and also certain inclosed Low Grounds ad-

joining to the said Fen.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Fen Grounds*

Moors, Sheep-walks, Wood Ings, Sike Closes, Open

and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and

Grounds, in the Parish of Branston, in the County of

the City of Lincoln.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows,

Common Grounds, and Wade Ground, in the Lord-

ship and Liberties of Granburrow, in the County of

Warwick.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields*

Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common

Grounds, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Lands,

of and in the Manor, Parish, and Liberties, of Long

Buckby, in the County of Northampton, exclusive of that

Part of the Hamlet of Mur cot which lies in the said

Parish.

77. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common

Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, within the Barony or

Manor of Bulbeck, in the County of Northumberland.

78. An Act for extinguishing certain Rights of Common^

in the Parish of Lutcham, alias Litcham, in the County

of Norfolk.

79. An Act for inclofine and dividing the High and Low

Commons of Auflerfield, in the County of York.

So. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open

Arable Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and

Wastes, lying and being within the Parish of Wadtvortb,

in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

81. An Act for dividing and inclosing the feveml Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

within the Hamlets of AshJ'ord and Sheldon, in the Parish

of Bakewell, and County of Derby.

82. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and

Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Elford, in the

County of Stafford.

83. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open

Common Field, Common Pastures, Common Mea-

dows,

