5*9

A. D. 1769. . - Anno nono Georgii III. C. 8, 9, 10.

Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and* pay the Sum of Forty Shillings ; Proof of either of the

above Offences being first made on the Oath of some credible Witness, or on the Confeftion of the Party

so offending, before any One Justice of the Peace acting for the said County of Norfolk.

XVIII. And be it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Forfeitures, and

Penalties, by this Act imposed and incurred, and whereof the Method of levying and recovering is not f0°berccc?ere4

hereby otherwise provided for, and particularly direSed, shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale appi ed.

of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of any One

Tuftice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk ; which Warrant or Warrants the said Justice is

hereby impowered and required to make and Issue upon the Information of any One or more credible

Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or the Affirmation of a Person being a Quaker (which Oath or Affir-

mation the said Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer and take) and such Fines, For-

feitures, and Penalties, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Party or Parties

whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first:

deduced, shall go and be applied and paid, if not otherwise dispoled of or applied by force and virtue of

this Act, One Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall give Information on Oath before the Justice of

the Peace, and the other Moiety for and towards the improving, preserving, and maintaining the Works

belonging to the said Harbour and Quay of TVells ; and in case such Offender or Offenders, made subjeci

to the Fines and Forfeitures and Penalties by this Act, hath or have not Goods and Chattels sufficient for

such Distress, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby di-

rested, upon Return being made upon Oath or Affirmation, by the Person or Persons impowered to make

such Distress and Sale as aforcfaicL that such Offender or Offenders hath or have not Goods and Chattels

sufficient to satisfy such Fine or Fines, together with the Charges, to fend the said Offender or Offenders

to the House of Correction, there to continue for the Space of Three Months, unless the Money be sooner

paid.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought and Limitation oi

prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing that he or they shall do, or cause to be done, in A£k>n*.

Durfuance of this Act, then and in every such Cafe the Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six

Months after the Cause of Action accrued, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the said

County of Norfolk, and not elsewhere 5 and all and every Person or Persons, so sued and prosecuted, shall

and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence ; and if it (hallGeneral Iffur«

appear so to be done; or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the

fame, or shall be brought in any other County of Place, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or De-

fendants ; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonfuittd, or forbear rrofecution, or discontinue

the Suit ; or if a verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or Judgement be given ; gainst the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover full Costs, and Full Cotlu

have such Remedy for the fame as when Costs by Law are awarded.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act shall be taken and con- PubiickArti

(trued most beneficially for preserving, improving, and maintaining the said Harbour and Quay of IVellsy

and the Works thereunto belonging, and all other Works intended by this Act; and shall and may be

taken and adjudged to be a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, are here-

by required to take Notice thereof, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. IX.

An Act to continue an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled, An Act^q^ jh.c.

to continue and amend, an Act made in the Fifth Tear of the Renn of His frefint Majesty, intituled, An Act '

for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland\ for a limited Time; and for allow-

ing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in Americay

for a limited Time.

CAP. X.

An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes in the

Parish and Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, and for preventing Nufances

and Annoyances therein.

WHEREAS the Streets and Lanes wuhin the Parish and Borough of New Jllndfory in Prcamblr,

the County of Berks, are very ill paved and cleansed, and incommodious to Passengers, by An-

* noyances and Incroachments therein ; and many Disorders and Irregularities are frequently committed

* in the Night-time in the said Streets and Lanes, for want of the fame being properly lighted and watched :

4 And whereas it will tend greatly to the Benefit and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Pariflv and Bo-

* rough, and of all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Streets and Lanes were properly paved, cleansed,

ft lighted, and watched, and kept dear and free from Annoyances and Incroachments; but as the fame

I * cannftt

