A.D. 1766.

Anno sexto Georgii III.

C. 18, 19. 165

4 Sairit Michael the Archangel then next, the Custom and Duty of Foreign Corn and Grain imported into

c any of his Majesty’s said Dominions of England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, appointed by

the said Act of the twenty-second of King Charles the Second, to be paid, shall be collected and paid

c according to the Prices contained in such respective Certificates as aforesaid, and not otbei wife; any Thing

in the said Act of King James the Second, or in any other Law or Statute, contained to the contrary

4 notwithstanding: And it is thereby provided and further enacted, That all that, by virtue of the said

4 Act of King James the Second, was to be done by the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions.in

4 their several Counties, {hall be done and performed in like Manner in the City of London, in the Months

4 of October and April yearly, by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of Peace there; and that the Persons *”?

4 Justices of the Peace for the City of London, for examining and determining the common Market Prices don> ar®im' |t

4 of middling English Corn and Grain, only in the Months of October and April yearly, is found incftecr{JJ]^J^ Jirtueof

4 tual to answer the good Purposes of the said Act :’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent the recited Act

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, may be done by

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all that by virtue of the Juices the

said Act is to be done by the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions in their several Counties, shall, S^“rtV1Scn,/)ns»

from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September next, be done and performed in like Manner in the January

City of London, not only in the Months of October and April yearly, but also in the Months of January July, as well at

and Juh yearly, by the Mayor. Aldermen, and Justices of Peace there 5 and that the Persons making fuen in October and

Oaths mall be no Cornchandlcr, Meatman, Factor, Merchant, or other Person interested in such Corn to vc*r,r-.

be imported, but shall be feme substantial Housekeepers living in Middlesex or Surry, qualified as aforesaid; o^h"*

any Thing in the said Act, or in any Law or Statute contained to the contrary notwithstanding. ftAmi^House-

k^tpcis in Mid*

CAP. XVIII. dlesex or Soxrjr.-

9 Cico. 3. c. rg*

An Act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty’s Dominions in America, an Act past in this Sec 5 Geo. 3*

present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better

Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Trade and Manufacture of Leather

Gloves and Mitts in this Kingdom.

4 1WHEREAS, till of late Years, great Quantities of Foreign Kid and Lamb Skins were yearly Preamble*

imported into this Kingdom, in order to be manufactured into Gloves and Mitts, to the great

4 Benefit of Trade, and Employment of the Poor in the Manufacture thereof: And whereas large Quan-

4 tities of Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves and Mitts are clandestinely brought into this Kingdom,

4 whereby not only the Revenue is defrauded, but many thousands of his Majesty’s Subjects, employed in

the Manufacture of Leather Cloves and Mitts, are deprived of the Means of providing for themselves

and their Families: And whereas the preventing the Importation of such Foreign manufactured Leather

4 Gloves and Mitts, would tend to the Increase of the Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and

4 would also encourage the Importation of Foreign Kid and Lamb Skins May it please your Majesty, that

it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,.

and by the Authority of the same, That if any Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves or Mitts {hall. From and after

from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty^fix, be imported, 1766,

brought, or conveyed into this Kingdom, or any Part of the British Dominions, the fame {hall be, and a,lf^re,g“

are hereby declared to be, forfeited, and {hall be liable to be searched for and seized by any Officer or "hero'iornor*"

Officers of the Customs or Excise, in like Manner as other prohibited and uncustomed Goods are; and Micts brought

shall be disposed of as is herein after mentioned: And every Person or Persons who {hall bring, convey, or into any Part of

import, or {hall cause to be brought, conveyed, or imported, into this Kingdom, or any Part of the British the British D©-

Dominions, any such Leather Gloves or Mitts, or shall be aiding, abetting, or assisting therein; or, being

a Vender or Venders, Retailer or Retailers, of any Kind of Leather Gloves or Mitts, in whose Custody or t,re*

Possession any such Foreign manufactured Leather Gloves or Mitts shall be found; or who {hall fell, or importer, Ven*

expose to Sale, any such Leather Gloves or Mitts; or who shall conceal any such Leather Gloves or Mitts, <fcr, Retailer,

with Intent to prevent the Forfeiture or Seizure of the fame; {hall, over and above the Forfeiture and Loss^BxPofer loSaIe»

of such Leather Gloves and Mitts, and all Interest which he, she, or they, may have therein, for every

such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds, together with Double Costs of Suit. moreorWaooi,

\ with Double Coftt of Sait.

11. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Leather Any of the said

Gloves or Mitts shall be found and seized in that Part of Great Britain called England, out of the Cities Ooo6% feited i«

of London and Westminster, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and the fame {hall not ex—°“t of

ceed in Value the Sum of twenty Pounds, it shall and may be lawful for two or more of ttis Majesty’s Juf-

5 ticcs-

