A.D. 1767. Anno feptirtio Georgii III. C. 17. 283

herein after mentioned) shall b<5 applied and extended to the Loans and Exchequer Bills to be made in pur- extended to thii,

fuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Loans or Exchequer ,

Bills had been originally authorised by the said lad mentioned Act, or as if the said several Clauses or Pro-

vifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this A&.

III. Proviced always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Exchequer Bill or *chrquer Bills

Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, shall, after the fame hath or have been issued at the Exchequer, ^rcccfved0^

be afterwards, at any Time before the sixth Day of Aprily one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, re- in paymen^of*

ceived or taken, or pass or be current, to any Receiver or Collector in Great Britain of the Customs, Ex- any T*xe*#

cife, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever, due or payable to his M.jedy, his Heirs or Suc-

cefiors, or at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from any such Receiver or Collector, or from any other Per-

son or Perrons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, otherwise or on any other Account than for the Discharge

nd Cancelling of such Bills, in case the fame (lull be in due Courle or Order of Payment, before the said

sixth Day of April \ nor shall any Receiver or Collector exchange, at any Time before the said sixth Day nor exchanged,

of April, for any Money, of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes, or Supplies, in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill before 6 April,

or Bills which mall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Action be maintained {

3gainst any such Receiver or Collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such Bill or Bills for

ready Money, before the said sixth Day of April; any Thing in the said Act made in this present Session

of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malr,

4 Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven,* or

this Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, to- The Mcd?j fr

fether with the Interest, Premium, Rate; and Charges, incident to or attending the fame, shall be, and are raised, to b-

creby charged or chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the firlf Aids or Supplies which rcPaid out of the

shall be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies, for that Purpose, *fd's. ctt*'

shall not be granted before the fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, then all the jfn0ni Ve

said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the Intered, Premium, Rate and Charges, incident to or attending the granted before

fame, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as, at any Time or Times at or 5 Jul/> *768,

after the said fifth Day oVjuly, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplidles, Excesses, !l*cn to bc

Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except sinking Ft*i

such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Ad or 9

Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) 5 and such Monies of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and and paid

applied* as soon as the fame can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, thereout,

and discharging, such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Intered, Premium, Rate, or Charges, until the Whole

of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and re-

ferred in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be so Monies so iflueJ#

issued out of the said Surplusses, ExcelTes, Overplus Monies, or other Revenues composing the Sinking to be replaced

Fund; shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the fird Supplies to be then after granted in JJut of the

Parliament; any Thing herein contained to the contrary conwithdanding. Supple*.

VI. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful Bank of England

for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to his Majesty, in like Man- authorised to

ner, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of *dvance

Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one million eight hundred thousand Pounds; any Thing in dit of°ibi*» AftT

an Act made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William andQueen Mary, intituled, ‘ An uotwithstanding

4 Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and Aa 5 & 6 w.

4 upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act *

4 mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand

4 Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France,’ to the contrary thereof in any wise notwith-

standing.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great

Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of Marcby one thou-

sand seven hundred and sixty-seven; for the more effectually punishing Serjeants, Drum-

mers, and Fifers, for Misbehaviour and Desertion; for securing Deserters from the Militia

Regiments; and for explaining and amending so much of an Act passed in the last Session

of Parliament, as relates to infilling Militia Men into his Majesty’s other Forces.

4 TT WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay ahd PreimVIe.

Cloathing for the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called, England) for one Year, from the

4 twenty-fifth Day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; be it therefore enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That in every Where the ML

County, Riding, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, where the Militia is or shall lit ii or At *11

be raised, the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of futh County, Riding or Place respectively, bclAi;cd* l*c

O® a (ha//.

