The TITLES of the STATUTES.

14. An Act to enable William Agor9 and his Blue, to take

and use the Surname of Tumor.

15. An Act to enable John Jennings Esquire (now called

John Smith) and his Heirs, to take and use the Sur-

name of Smithy pursuant to the Will of 1 homos Smithy

deceased.

.16. An Act to enable William Marwood Esquire, lately

called William Metcalfe, and his Issue, to take, use, and

bear, the Surname and Arms of Marwoody pursuant to

the Will of Jane Turnery Widow, deceased.

17. An Act to enable William Nevile Blondeau Esquire,

and his Issue, to take and use the Suname of Hart.

18. An Act to enable Benjamin Francis Tribe Esquire (and

his Heirs) to take and use the Surname of PooUy pur-

suant to the Will of Elizabeth Ludwelly deceased.

19. An Act for naturalizing Dirk Jagerf of the City of

Londony Merchant.

20. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Fuhrefy and Rene

Labutte.

21. An Act for naturalizing John Elias Jaquerjy Peter

Samuel Darbonniery Daniel Henriody John James Ofvald%

and John Francis Anthony Rivax.

22. An Act for naturalizing Peter Anthony Saptey and Da-

vid Francis Sapte.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and

Waste Grounds, in the Lordship and Parish of Flam-

boroughy in the County of York.

24. An Act for dividing and allotting the Commons or

Wades, and the Common Fields, and logs, in the Ma-

nor and Township of Evertngham% in the County of

York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

£5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pafturee,

Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying

within the Townships and Hamlets of Horley and Horn-

tony in the Parish or Horley aforesaid, in the County of

Oxford.

26. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open Fields,

Meadows, and Stinted Padures, in the Township of

Fentcrty in the Parish of Kettlethorpy in the County of

Lincoln* and a certain Free Common, called 77* East

Aloory in the same Parish.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common

Fields, Meadows, and Common Padures, in the Town-

ship and Parish of Newtony in the County of Lincolny

and certain Rights of Padure in Kettlethorpey in the said

County.

*8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common

Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Com-

mon Grounds, and Wade Grounds, of and in the

Manor of Wellingborough, formerly belonging to the

College of Irtlingboroughy and in the Parish of Wei-

lingborouzhy in the County of Northampton.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common

Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other

Commonable Lands, lying within the Parish of Lowd-

hamy in the County of Nottingham.

30. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open and

Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of

Bentony in the East Riding of the County of York.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-

mon Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Ellerkery in the

Parish of Brantinghamy in the East Riding of the County

of York.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com-

mon Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in Brantinghamy and

V OL. X.

Thorpe Brantinghamy in the Parish of Brantinghamy in

the East Riding of the County of York.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and Com-

monable Places, in the Lordship and Liberties of Dray-

cot y in the Parish of Bourtony in the County of Warwick.

34« An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields

and Common Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of

Denford, in the County of Northampton.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

and Commonable Waste Grounds, in the Manor and

Parish of Twyuell* in the County of Northampton.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

mon Fields, Common Meadows, and other Common-

able Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Snitfieldy

otherwise Snifterfieldy in the County of Warwick.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Lands

and Grounds, lying in the Parish of Bretfertony in the

County of Worcester.

3S. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Roth-

welly in the County of Lincoln.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields

and Grounds, lying in the Parish of Lencbwick and

Nortony and the Borough of Eve/hanty in the County of

Worcester.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Pieces or

Parcels of Land, in the Parishes of Doncaster and Cant-

ley \ and for draining and preserving the said Lands,

and also several other Lands and Grounds, in the several

Parishes of RoJJington and Wadworthy in the Weft Rid-

ding of the County of York

41. An Act for confirming the Allotments of, and for

inclosing, the Common and several Waste Lands, in the

Manor and Parish of Sebrahamy otherwise Sebergham9 in

the County of Cumberland.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common called

Seaming Commony and the Greens called Pound Greeny

PopSt Greeny and Bett’s Greeny lying within the several

Manors of Seaming Hally Drayton Hally and Northern

Hally Seaming Parvay Guntonsy and Rougholmey on the

Part of Hoe9 or some or one of them, and in the Parish

of Scarningy in the County of Norfolk.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common

Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common

Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Parish and

Liberties of Sprattony in the County of Northampton.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Croptony in the

County of York, and for other Purposes therein men-

tioned.

44. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, diver*

Parcels of Common or Waste Grounds, within the Ma-

nors of Appleton and Lymmy in the County of Che/ler.

46. An Act for inclosing and dividing several Lands and

Grounds, in the Township of Kir k hammer tony in the

Parish of Kirkhammerton, in the County of York.

47. An Act for confirming and establishine an Exchange

agreed to be made between Thomas Holies Duke of

Newcastley and Margaret Cavendish Dutchess Dowager

of Portlandy of several Parts of their settled Estates, in

the County of Nottingham; and for settlin? the Lands

given in Exchange to each Party, to such Ufcs, as the

Lands for which the fame are exchanged flood settled.

48 An Act for vesting an Estate, called Woodlandsy in th*

County of Wiltty belonging to the Mailer, Fellows,

and Scholars, of the College, called Clare Hally in the

b Uaivcxlity

