j6a

Clerk or Ser-

jeants talcing

greater Fees,

to forfeit 40 s.

and if guilty of

notorious Mif-

behaviour.

may be removed.

Commissioner*,

A-c. not to ftc

where interested.

Penalty on Per-

fons infuhing

the Couit.

Debts under

40 s. not to be

iued for in any

•ther Court*

C. 16* Anno sexto Georgii III. A. D. 176^.

A Table of which Fees shall from time to time be hung up by the Clerk of the said Court, in some con*

fnicuous Part of the said Court or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, so that all Persons who-

mall attend the said Court may fee apd read the fame.

XVLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if the said Clerk for the time being

of the said Court, or the Serjeants of the said Court for the time being, or any of them, shall knowingly

take or demand any greater or other Fee or Fees than as herein mentioned, upon Complaint and due

Proof thereof, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, made in open

Court, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the said Court, shall,

and they are hereby impowered and required from' time to time to punish such Offender by Fine, not

exceeding forty Shillings for one Offence, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and

Chatties, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them,

rendering to the Owner the Overplus, if any, after the Charges of such Distress and Sale are dedu&ed

which Fine and Fines when recovered shall be paid to the Mayor of the said City for the time being, to

be by him distributed among the Poor of the said City and Liberties, in such Manner as he shall think

fit; and if the Clerk or Serjeants of the said Court, or any or either of them for the time being, shall be

guilty of any notorious Misbehaviour, either by taking or demanding greater or other Fees than as afore-

laid, or otherwise, in the Execution of their respective Offices, upon Complaint made, the said Commis-

sioners, or any three or more of them, shall, in open Court, hear and inquire into the Matter of the said

Misbehaviour, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and shall, if they*

being a Majority of the said Court, think fit, certify the Particulars of the said Misbehaviour, with the

Proofs thereof, unto the Mayor of the said City for the time being, who, shall thereupon cause all the said

Commissioners to be funimoned to meet at a convenient Time and Place, and shall lay the Particulars of

such Complaint before the Commissioners assembled pursuant to such Summons, who shall take the fame

into Consideration, and may, according to their Discretion, suspend or remove the said Clerk, or Serjeant

or Serjeants, so offending, from his or their said Office or Offices, and nominate or appoint other fit and

able Person or Persons to exercise the said Office or Offices respectively, in the Place and Stead of him os

them so removed.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any of the Commissioners of the.

said Court, for the time being, shall be Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court,

such Person shall not be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the hearing or determining the said Cause*

or making any Order, Decree, or Judgement therein * but after being heard in the said Cause, shall

withdraw until the fame is finally determined ; and if the Clerk, or other Officer of the said Court for

the time being, shall be a Party to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Clerk,

or other Officer, shall not exercise his said Office in the said Cause, or any Thing relating thereto, but

the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at such Court, being a Majority of the

said Court, shall and inay appoint another Person to exercise the Office of such Clerk, or other Officer

respectively, in all Things relating to such Cause.

XX. And, for the more effectual Establishment of the said Court, and that the Commissioners thereof,

may be vested with a proper Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse, be it enacted btr

the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons shall contemptuously and wilfully insult or abuse.

all or any of the Commissioners, or other Officers of the said Court for the time being, during their fitting-

in the said Court, or going to or from the said Court, or shall interrupt or obstrudi the Proceedings of

the said Court, it shall and may be lawful for the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court, with or without

the Assistance of any other Person or Persons, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more

of them, being a Majority of the said Court, to take such Offender or Offenders into Custody, and carry

him, her, or them, before the Mayor, or any other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City and

Liberties; and upon the Insult, Abuse, or other Misbehaviour as aforesaid, being duly proved%by the

Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said Mayor, Justice or Justices, shall

punish every such Offender, either by Fine, not exceeding forty Shillings upon any one Person for any

one Offence, to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Offender, or Imprison-

ment in the Prison of the said City, for any Space of Time not exceeding two Calendar Months; and

where the said Mayor or Justices shall have imposed a Fine upon such Offender, and there shall not be

found sufficient Goods of such Offender whereupon such P'ine can be levied, the said Mayor* Justice or

Justices, shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, commit the

said Offender to the Prison of the said City, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding three.

Calendar Months; and all such Fines as aforesaid shall, when raised or levied, be paid and applied in like'

manner as the Fines herein before-mentioned are directed to be paid and applied ; and the said Clerk of

the said Court for the time being shall, from time to time, cause a true Copy of this Clause to be fixed

up in the said Court or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, in some conspicuous Part thereof,

where the Persons resorting to the said Court may fee and read the fame.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Debt not

amounting to the Value of forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this A& in the fard Court of

Rcqucfts, and concerning which any Order, Decree, or Judgement, shall have been before made or given

in the said Court of Requcfts, shall be brought against any Person or Persons in any other Court what-

soever; and such Order, Decree, or Judgement, being pleaded or given in Evidence on the General Issue

of such Action or Suit, shall, as to the Matter contained therein, be an effectual Bar to the Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit; and the Registers or Books of Entry of the said Court, or true Copies

attested under the Hand of the Clerk' of the said Court of Requests for the time being, and proved by

