3i'S C. 37. Anno Teptimo Georg 11 III. A. D. 1767.

Black Friar* the PaiPige over the said intended Bridge at Black Friars, {hall have Continuance, and be paid and payable

Budge toceafe to t^e fajj Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, until they shall, by and out of the nett Produce thereof

tein^reimbarfed to 31 or accrue from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and

i*»id Annuities, seventy (after deducting the Charges of the Collection thereof, and the Charges which will attend the

fee, making and executing the Bonds by this Act directed to be given, and the obtaining and passing of this

• present Act, which they arc hereby authorisetl to retain) receive and be reimbursed, all such Sum and Sums

of Money as they shall have advanced in Payment of the said Annuities, or for the Redemption thereof, to-

gether with Intei clt for the Money lb advanced at and after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum\

but from and immediately after liich Reimbursement shall have been made and completed, the said Tolls

shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any Law, Statute, or Prescription to the con-

trary thereof in any ways norwithstanding.

Ground <m- LI. And be it further enacted, That the Ground and Soil of the said River so to be inclosed and em-

:banked 10 veil banked, in the Front of every such respective Wharf or Ground (and which shall be bounded on the East

Owner*!” and Weft Sides thereof by straight Lines running, at Right Angles, to and upon the said intended Front

wl r * Line) (hall veil, and the fame rs hereby vetted in the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of such

adjoining Wharf or Ground, according to his, her, or their respective Effaces, Trusts, or interests therein,

free from all Taxes and Assessments whatsoever.

TheGround to LIL And, in order to provide a Fund for defraying the Expences of lighting, watching, cleansing, and

be embanked.by repairing, the said intended Bridge when built, be it further enacted, That the Ground and Soil of the said

lhb- <Vvner?* River, which by virtue of this Act {hall be so inclosed and embanked, {hall from and after die twenty-

J^iiurentof iq. n^nt^ Day September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, be forever subject to, and the fame

Foot j 4 is hereby charged with, the following yearly Quit-rents ; that is to say, as to so much thereof as {hall be

so inclosed and embanked by or at the Expence of the respective Owners or Proprietors of the adjoining

If Wharfs or Grounds, to and with a yearly Quit-rent of one Farthing Sterling p>er Foot, superficial Measure,

and if by the -for every superficial Foot thereof; and as to so much of the said Ground ana boil as {hall oe so inclosed and

•City to a^Quit- embanked by Order and at the Expence of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Coun-

j-ent of rd. per cjj affcrnbled, as aforesaid, to and with a yearly Quit*rent of one Penny Sterling per Foot, superficial Mea-

loot. fare, for every superficial Foot thereof; which laid yearly Quit-rents {hall be, and the fame are hereby

vetted in and payable to the {aid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens for ever, to and for the Uses, In-

tents, and Purposes, herein after mentioned, of and concerning the fame; and shall be yearly paid and

payable into the Receipt of the Chamber of the said City of London, upon the twenty-fifth Day of March*

and twenty-ninth Day of September, in every Year, by even and equal Portions; the first of such Payments

to begin and be made upon such of the said Days as shall first and next happen after such respective Em-

bankments {hall have been finiflred and completed.

Tenants by LIII. And be it further errafted. That the said Quft-rents so charged upon, and payable in respect of, the

Xeaie to pay said Ground and Soil of the fitid River, lying opposite and contiguous to zny Wharfs or Grounds, which, at

^uit-icntsj the Time .of such respective Embankments, shall be held by any Tenant or Tenants, by virtue of or under

any Lease or Leases thereof, or any Agreement or Agreements in Writing, {hall, during the Continuance

of the Term or Interest of such Tenant or Tenants therein respectively, be paid and payable by such Te-

nant or Tenants, over and above the Rents reserved and made payable by such Leafeor Leases, Agreement

or Agreements, respectively.

And Incase of LIv. Provided always, That where the said Ground and Soil of the River, opposite and contiguous to

jEmbankment by &ny of the said Wharfs or Grounds, {hall be inclosed or embanked, by or at the Charge of the Landlord

•tht Lan^r<’»nt® or Landlords of such Wharf or Ground respectively, the Tenant or Tenants thereof. Holding under such*

AenVof 3q!°p«r Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements, {hall, during the Continuance of his, her, or their Term or

foot. 3 # Interest therein, pay unto his, her, or their respective Landlord or Landlords, over and above the said Quit-

rent, and the Rent or Rents reserved and made payable by such Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agree-

ments, an additional yearly Rent of three Farthings per Foot, superficial Measure, for every superficial

Foot contained in the Ground or Soil so inclosed and embanked for him, her or them respectively; which

additional Rent or Rents {hall commence and take place at the fame Time as the Quit-rents hereby reserved

and made payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City are directed to take place,

and {hall be paid and payable, and shall and may be recovered, in such and the like Manner as the said ori-

ginal Rent or Rents is or are reserved and recoverable by or under such Lease or Leases, Agreement or

Agreements; any Thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any ways notwithstanding.

HVnants -ndem- TV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Cafes not herein before mentioned and provided

^lifted for the t for, the Tenant or Tenants of any of the said Wharfs or Grounds shall and may pay into the Receipt of

Payments to the the Chamber of the said City, the Quit-rent hereby made payable in respect of the Ground and Soil of-

pofite and contiguous to his, her, or their respective Wharfs or Grounds, and deduct the fame out of the

Rent or Rents which he, foe, or they, shall be liable to pay to his, her, or their respective Landlord or

Landlords ; and, upon Payment of such Quit-rents, shall be acquitted and discharged osso much Money as

-Mayor and Al- the fame shall amount unto, as if the fame had actually been paid to such Landlord or Landlords : And if any

iWmen to deter-Difference shall arise between Landlord and Tenant, or any other Person, concerning the said Quit-rent,

n ir.eDiflttcnces or any Part thereof, the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London shall have, and they arc

l^rjTnndTcnalu hereby inverted with, full Power to hear the fame in a summary Way, upon Petition of either of the Par-

*1 Days Notice! an(* fourteen Days Notice to the o:hcr Parties interested, and finally to determine the fame.

City, in C2fs of LV1. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That if the said yearly Quit-rent, or any Part thereof,

.^on!payment.rofhali happen to be behind or unpaid, by the Space of forty Days next over or after either ol the said Days

pouck.herein before appointed for Payment thereof; then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to

an4

v^oooole

