128 C. 47. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

and to be entered the said Receipt, fh.ill be provided and kept a Iiook or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the

fcpArate and a- Rates and Duties hereby granted and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and

therMonj3]1 °"aPart.from all other Monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon any Account

r * whavfoever, and shall be applied in such Manner as is hprein after mentioned.

O filerr* to ob- VI, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, and all other

fcr't- ti.r Rules OiTicers who shall be employed in the Collection or Management of the said Rates and Duties herein be-

prcjtniHUum fOJc granted, drill, in the Execution of their Olhces, observe and perform such Rules and Orders as they

y t ic T calury. respelively shall, from time to time, receive from the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of theTrea-

No F?es to be fury, or any three or more of them, for the time being ; and that no Fee or Reward shall be taken or

taken by them, demanded by any such Commissioners or Officers from any of his Majffly’s Subjects, for any Matter or

Offiter nr^ert- Thing to be done in pursuance of this A61; and in case any Officer employed in the Execution of this Act,

in? his Durvlia- in relation to the said Rates and Duties, shall refuse or neglect to do or perform any Matter or Thing by

He to pay Da- this Act requirt, d or directed to he done or performed by him, whereby any of his Majesty’s Subjects

(h ill or may sustain any Damage whatsoever, such Officer, so offending, shall be liable, by any Action to

be founded on this Statute, to answer to the Party grieved all such Damages, with Treble Costs of

Suit.

VIE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners and their Of-

ficers shall be subject to such Penalties and Forfeituies, for any Breach of the Trusts in them reposed, or

Brcaclt aTruftj for diverting or misapplying the Money received in pursuance of this Act, as by any former Law relating

or misapplying to Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, are inflicted ; and that all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses,

Penalties, Forfeitures, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things pre-

ferred, inflicted, or appointed, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and not hereby altered, shall be in full Force and Effect, with relation to

the Rates and Duties hereby imposed; and shall be applied, and put in Execution, for the raising, levying,

collecting, and securing, the said Kates and Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act,

as fully, to all Intents and Ptirposes, as if the fame had ftverally and respectively been herein enacted with

relation to the Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, from and after the

said fifth Day of July, shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp,

or Mark,'to resemble any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Adx for the Pur-

pose of denoting the Duties hereby granted ; or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the fame

with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties ; or shall utter,

•r vending forg. vend, or fell, any Vellum, Parchment* or Paper, liable to any such Stamp Duty, with such counterfeit

ed Stamps, or Stamp or Mark, knowing the fame to be counterfeit; or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal,

privately or frau- Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his

thecal Sea"5 to ^e,rs ar)d Successors, of any of the said Duties; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully

defraud hit Ma- convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cafes of Felony, without Benefit of

jelly, is Felony* Clergy.

The several for- IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties hereby granted, and the

mer Duties, and Duties arising by virtue of the said former Act made in the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign,

granted^made a *n 5^e second Year Qf his Drefent Majesty’s Reign, shall be and are hereby made one Joint Fund for

Joint1 Fund*for answering and paying, in such Manner and Proportions as are in the said several Acts directed ami appointed

iru^, with

Treble Costs,

Penalty on Of-

ficers guilty of a

any ol the Mo-

nies.

Powers, ice.

granted by for-

mer Atb, ex-

tended to this

a a.

Penalty of coun-

terfeiting or

forging any of

the Stamps,

by’the recited ’n the Court of Exchequer at U'ejhninjlcr, the Chief and Second justices of Chester, and the Justices of

Afls of 32 Geo. the Great Sessions for the Counties in lVa!esy for the time being respectively ; and if any Surplus shall re-

*. anl 2 Ceo. 3 main of the Produce of the said Fund, the fame shall (except the Money herein after authorized to be

Surplus Moacy paid thereout) or reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, in such Manner as any Surplus of the Du-

the*fpofion°F l‘es 2rantc^ by the said several Acts are thereby respectively directed to be reserved.

of Parliament;

*rf\ paying there- X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of any of the Surplusses which

out 3,6251. in shall arise upon the said Funds established for Payment of the said Augmentation, and upon the said addi*

of°thTf"ic)3Sala- t>ona^ Stamp Duties hereby granted, after the Payments charged thereupon are, from time to time, satis-

rics, from 5 Ja- fied, a Sum not exceeding three thousand six hundred and twenty-five Pounds, shall be paid and applied in

m«ry to 5 July, Augmentation of the Salaries of the said Judges and Justices, from the fifth Day of January% one thousand

*759* (even hundred and fifty-nine, to the fifth Day of July in the same Year, according to the Proportions ap-

pointed by the said Act of the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, with respect to the

Augmentation therein mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of any of the Duties and Reve-

iomnea nues *n ^art Great Britain called Sectland, which by an Act m.tde in the tenth Year of the Reign

by a & 10 Ann*, of Queen Anne, where charged or made chargeable with the Payment of the Fees, Salaries, and othi*r

in Scotland, Charges, allowed, or to be allowed, by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for keeping up the Courts

in Augmentation of Session and Justiciary, and Exchequer Court in Scotland, a Sum not exceeding two thousand one hun-

•fthc judgesSa-poun(3Sj shall be paid and applied, in Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges in the said Courts

ancst ere, rom §e[fion and Exchequer, from the said fifth Day of January to the said fifth Day of July, One thousand

seven hundred and fifty-nine, according to the Proportions appointed by the said Act made in the thirty-

1 second

2,1001, to be

paid out of the

Fundi established

5 January to

SjulJ» >759*

TiOOQLe

