^62 C. 44. Aflno feptimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767*

* two Year Si to he applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as are therein mentioned, fa the Contributors of an)

c Sum not exceeding two Millions to be raised for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty s Occafms) t&

4 the great Prejudice of his Majesty’s Revenue, and of the licensed Hackney CoachmenFor Remedy

Hackney thereof, be It enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of August, on*

Coaches let cut thousand sevenr hundred and sixty-seven, upon every Information before the Commissioners appointed, or

fi'bby h*y to aPP0lntec^> for Licensing and reeulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, or the major Part of them,

Dayorfora icfs any Person, for driving for Hire, or letting to Hire, any Hackney Coach, contrary to the said

Time, contrary Ad made in the ninth Year of her said late Majesty’s Reign, although no express Hiring shall be proved y

to the recited yet unless the Part v accused shall appear, and make Proof to the said Commissioners, or the major Part

Aa, are liable of them, that no Money or other Gratuity was made or paid, or agreed or intended to be made or paid,

to a Peaaltjr. for the Use of such Coach, the fame shall be deemed and adjudged a Driving for Hire, or Letting to Hire,

to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever; and every Person so offending shall, for every

Yuch Offence, incur such and the like Penalty as if such Money, or other Gratuity, was actually proved to

be made or paid ; any Statute, Bye-law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XI. And, for the better and more easily distinguishing such Coaches and other Carriages as shall He

entered at the Head Office of Excise in London, pursuant to the Act of Parliament made in the twentieth

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty George the Second, and shall be let out for Hire, from Gentlemen’s

Coaches, and for making the Owners and Drivers thereof the more easily amenable to Justice for any

I.tcensed Jobb Offences committed by them ; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Jobb Coach

Coaches driven Jjcensed at the Head Office in London, which shall be driven or let to Hire on private Contract, within

HirTwh^nthe Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, or wkhin the Pariflfes and Places com-

Weekly Bills, prised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, for any Time longer than one Month, without having the

for a longer * Excise Number or Mark fixed under the Foot-board of every such Coach* the fame shall 5e deemed and

Time than one adjudged a Coach driven or let to Hire, contrary to the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of

Month, without Queen jfnne. and every Person so letting or driving for Hire as aforesaid, shall incur and be liable to the

underlie Foot- Penaky as any Person or Persons who shall drive or let to Hire by the Hour, Day, or otherwise, any

hoard, liable to Hackney Coach or Coach Horses within the Cities of London or TVeftmirifter, or Suburbs of the fame,

a Penalty. or within the Parishes and Places comprised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, without Leave or

Licence from the Commissioners for regulating and Licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs, are now by

Law liable unto.

4 XII. And whereas a Doubt has arisen, whether licensed Hackney Coachmen, plying for Hire, are

* compellable to carry Fares any where within the Distance of ten.Miles from the City of London or Weft*

* minster\ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of

■iVingforHirc one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, every Coachman, licensed by the Commissioners for

liable to go, at * regulating and Licensing Hackney Coaches, plying for Hire within the City of London or Westminster, shall

isafonab e be obliged and compellable, on every Day of the Week, at feasonable Times, to go any where within

Times, any the Distance of ten Miles from the City of London or Westminster \ and in case of Refusal so to do, shall

?4hfrerWlth,in 10 be liable to the like Penalty and Punishment as may by Law now be inflicted, in Cafes of Refusal to carry

4»“, w1°Q' for Hire by licensed Hackney Coachmen.

The^lcwing XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and "after the said first Day of

Rates or Fares Augitft, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, every Person who is or shall be licensed by the said

allowed rot>« Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to keep and use for Hire any Hackney Chair within the said

taken by licened Cities of London and Westmirjlery and the Suburbs thereof, and within all and every the Parishes and Placer

^thin'the * comprised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or any Person legally acting under such Person, shall be

Weekly Bills, entitled to, and may demand, receive, and take, for the Hire of any such Hackney Chair, the Rates and

Fares herein after-mentioned ; that is to say,

The rare* For any Distance not exceeding one Mile, twelve Pence.

And for any Distance being above one Mile, and not exceeding one Mile and four Furlongs, one Shih

ling and six Pence.

And for every further Distance not exceeding four Furlongs, six Pence.

And by the Hour, eighteen Pence for the first Hour, and six Pence for every Half of an Hour after.

The said former Acts herein before recited, or any Statute, Bye Law, or Custom, to the contrary not*

withstanding.

The said Fare* XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Rates and Fares

may be recover- for Hire herein before-mentioned shall and may be recovered in the like Manner as the Fares, settled by

ej a* ihoie set- the said Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, are by Law made

An*. 9 recoverable. # (

oifcnders liable XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Cafe where any Person, for

to recommitted any of the Offences mentioned in any Law relating to the Licensing and regulating of Hackney Coaches

by 4ny of the r.nd Chairs, shall be liable to be committed toPrifon, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners,

to he nfi*1*1* or any-t}lre? or more either to commit such Offender to Prison, in like Manner as by any.former

^c.'Hackney Act of Parliament they are authorized to do, and for any Time the said Commissioners, or any three or

Coaches and more of them, shall think fit, not exceeding one Month, or, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals,

Clairs, may be to commit such Offender to his Mijelly’s Workhonfe of Bridewell in London, or some other House of Cor-

com.iii;tid «i• redion, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time* at the Difcretiou of iht said Commissioners, not

IbcrtpPafon, «CCCdi Dg

v^ooooLe

