292 C. 20, 21, 22, 23. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

Annnity, or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, as shall be in the Hands of any such Officers*

Commiffimiers, Farmers, Treasurers, or Receivers respectively, at the time or times when Demand shall

have been legally made of the Payment of such respective Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part

thereof, as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done to enable any of

either of their said Royal Highnesses, or any Person or Persons by them respectively authorized and ap-

pointed, to receive the same.

The Powers, V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Precepts,

Dta&ions, and Directions and Clauses, to be contained-in his Majesty’s Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, hereafter

tained in^heVaid to ma^e as aforesaid, for the better and more certain Payment and Aifurance of the said respective

xJtrers Patent, Annuities, ojr yearly Rents or Sums, and for making the said relpcctive Revenues, or any of them, or

declared to be any Part or Parts thereof, liable thereunto as aforesaid, shall be good and effectual in the Law, according

goo* in Law ac- to the Tenor and Purport thereof in the said Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, to be expressed,

cording to the notwithstanding any Restriction or other Matter or Thing contained in.the said Act of Parliament made

MruhereofUr" ,n Year of ^er Lte Majesty’s Reign, intituled, 4 An Act for the better Support of her Majesty’s

notwithstanding ‘ Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown and notwithstanding any Restriction or

the A£tsof 1 & other Matter or Thing contained in the said Act made in the ninth Year of her said late Majesty’s Reign,

9 Am a. for establishing the Poll Office, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament; and any Mif-recital, Non-

recital, Oiniffjon, or other Defect, in the said Letters Patent, Indenture or Indentures, hereafter to be

made, in any wise notwithstanding.

ReiVrvation of VI. Saving to all and every Pei Ion and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs, Executors,

Right5, Afiministrators, and Assigns, (other than to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and SucceflorsJ all such Right,

Title, Interest, and Demand whatsoever, which they, or any of them, have, or may have, of, in, to, or

out of, the Revenues aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part thereof, before the making of this Act, as

fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made') any Thing herein

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair

Hats and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials for making the same, imported into this Kingdom.

Repealed by 10 Geo. 3. c* 43. which J'ee for the present Duties.

CAP. XXL

An Act to obviate Inconveniencies which may arise with respect to the Execution of several

Acts of Parliamen: in such Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Franchises, and Liberties,

as have only one Justice of the Peace of the Quorum qualified to act within the same.

Preamble! c T 17 HEREAS Authority is given by divers Acts of Parliament to two or more Justices of the Peace,

V V whereof one or more are to be of the Quorum: And whereas many Inconveniencies have arilen

in such Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Franchises, and Liberties, as have only one Justice of the

4 Peace of the Quorum qualified to act within the same P Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

Two or more this present^Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of

Jortices, tho’not this present Act, all Acts, Orders, Adjudications, Warrants, Indentures of Apprenticeship, or other In-

t? firuments> which shall be made, done, or executed, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament mine or

cTrry certain° to by two or more Justices of the Peace qualified to act within such Cities, Boroughs, Towns

Aai mio Exe. Corporate, Franchises, and Liberties, though neither of the said Justices are of the Quorum, (h ill be

cut;on. valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if one of the said Justices had been of the

Quorum; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contiary notwithstanding. -

CAP. XXII.

>■

Sre c. 4, j, An Act for further allowing the Importation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, Barley, Barley-meal, and Puh'e,

*» 54- free of Duty, into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe. EXP.

CAP. XXIII.

For Weft rm»fter An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Mea-

*? Gc°'fore, within the City of Lond n, and the Liberties thereof} and between Tower Dock and

ajGro. ».c.*6. L'melouse Hole in the County of Middlesex.

31 CJeo.2.c.27.

0 Ceo. 3. c. 35.

Preamble, 6

WHEREAS many great Frauds and Impositions are practised in the Admeasurement of Coal?

within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and at the several Wharfs situate between

the To,vcr oi London and Lirnehouse Hole in the County of Middlesex, to the great Loss of the Consumer,

4 and

D- by ooooie

