A. D. 1767. Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 46. 371

recovering, answering, paying and accounting for the fame) shall be applied, in the fiifi Piace, in such *nJ to’JC 3P/,r*

Manner as is herein atrer mentioned, in m iking a more certain and adequate Provirion for the Charge of^,"[hc

the AJmiiiistration of Justice, and the Support of civil Government, in fuc h of the said Colonies and Plan- iGkii'YikMhe

Uric ns vvhe;e it shall be found necefi'ary ; and tint the Residue of such Duties shall be paid into the Re- Adrr;mrtr.uior»

ccipt of his M ijesty’s Exchequer, and shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid nr or .1' ^ c<r>

payable to his Majesty, his heirs or Succcii >rs ; and shall be thcic telerved, to be fiom Time to l ime dif- £'1 J/rz of the

p-.fed of by Parliament towards defraying the neediary Expellees of defending, protecting, and (ecu ring, Jevmm

the lituish Colonies and Plantations in America. anj the Reficus

to be paid into the Exchequer, and reserved for the Disposition or Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Majesty and his Sticcessors shall be, His Majesty im-

and are hereby, impowered, from Time to Time, determined by any Warrant or Warrants under his or their R< y,d roCJ ,c

Sign Manual or Sign Manuals, countersigned by the High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Com- bcVnp], d out of

nrilfioners of the Treasury for the time being, to cause such Monies to be applied, out of the Produce of the Produce of

the Duties granted by this Act, as his Majesty, or his Successors, shall think proper or necessary, for de- the kid Duties

fraying the Charges of the Administration of Justice, and the Support of the Civil Government, within all as hc fiial]iu°6«

or any of the said Colonies or Plantations. neceirJry, for

# - cctrojing tljs

Charges of the Administration of Justice and Civil Oovernm-nt there.

€ VI. And whereas the allowing a Drawback of all the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation, from

4 this Kingdom, of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, the Growth of the British Dominions in America, may be a

4 Means of encouraging the Growth of Coffee and Cocoa in the said Dominions ;’ be it therefore enabled

by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the said twentieth Day of November, one thoufnn J seven

hundred and sixty-seven, upon the Exportation of any Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, of the Growth or Produce

of any Britt/}) Colony, or Plantation in America, from this Kingdom as Merchandize, the Whole Duties of

Customs, payable upon the Importation of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, shall be drawn back and repaid ;

in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Drawback or Al-

lowance, payable out of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts,

was, could, or might be paid, before the passing of this Act $ any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the con-

trary notwithstanding. m

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Drawback shall be allowed

for any China Earthen Ware fold, after the Passing of this Act, at the Sale of the United Company of

Merchants of England trading to the East Indies* which shall be entered for Exportation from Great Britain

to any Part of America \ any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

* Passing of this AQ, at the Company's Sale, as shall be exported

Drawback of the

Duties of C;f-

torns allowed

upon hxporta-

tion iiom tb:s

Kingdom, of

CofiVc jnd Co-

coa Nut , Fio-

duce of the lin*

tish American

Fliiititons.

Dru*back dif-

coimuued upom

such China

Earthen Ware

fold after the

to America.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any China Earthen Wars Penalty of frau-

f rid, after the Parting of this A ft, at the Sale of the said United Company, shall be entered for Exportation ?uIc^!y cnUr“

to any Part of America as China Earthen Ware that had been sold at the Sale of the said Company before

that Time; or, if any China Earthen Ware shall be entered for Exportation to any Parts beyond the ware as loid be-

Seas, other than to some Part of America, in order to obtain any Drawback thereon, and the said China fore tbc Psffing

Earthen Ware shall nevertheless be carried to any Part of Ameriu*, and landed there, contrary to the true this Act, th.t

Intent and Meaning of this Act; that then, in each and every such Cafe, the Drawback shall be forfeited;

and the Merchant or other Person making such Entry, and the Master or Person taking the Charge of the ^ of entering

Ship or Vessel on board which the said Goods shall be loaden for Ex|x>rtation, shall forfeit Double the such Waie for

Amount of the Drawback paid, or to be paid, for the fame, and also Treble the Value of the said Goods ; foreign Parts, tm

one Moiety to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors ; and the other Moiety to such obtain • Draw-

Officer of the Customs as (ha tl sue for the same; to be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in such Manner .b*‘ tL^kmeto*

and Form, and by the same Rules and Regulations, as other Penalties inflicted for Offences against the ,nd landing it in

Laws relating to the Customs may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, by any Act or Acts of Parlia- Am-Hca.

ment now in Force. Method of Re-

covery and Application of the Penalty.

IX. And, for the more effectual preventing the clandestine Running of Goods in the British Dominions

in America, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twentieth Day of

KovcnJrr, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, the Master or other Person having or taking the

the Charge or Command of every Ship or Vciicl arriving in any B'itish Colony or Plantation in America

shaft, belore he proceeds with his Veiled to the Place of unlading, come directly to the Custom-house for

the Poit or D.Uriel where he arrives, and make a just and true Entry, upon Oath, before the Collector

and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs there, of the burthen. Contents, and Lading,

of such Snip or Ycfltl, with the particular Ma.ks, Numbers, Qualities, and Contents of every Parcel of

Goods therein laden, to the best of his Knowledge ; also where and in what Port (he took in her Lading ;

of wh.it Country built; how manned ; who was Master during the Voyage, and who arc Owners thereof ;

and whether any, and wb.:t Goods, during the Couife of such Voyage, had cr had not been discharged out

of futh Ship or Vessel, and where : And the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Com-

»c*;«nd of every Ship or Vellel, going out from any British Colony or Plantation in America, before he shall m-dc Outward?*

t-la in, or suffer to be* taken into or laden <>n board any such Ship or Vciicl, any Goods, Wares, or Mer- br»orC any Fait

chandize*. to be exported, shall, in like Manner, enter and report Outward* such Ship or VtflJ, with0*1*? Lading

3 13 Z hufluUI*tak«*.

Entry and Re-

port to be made

of all Veflrls rn

their Arrival in

any of the Bii-

t ifh Colonies in

in America,

before they pro-

ceed t»the Flacc

of unladirg.

Entry also and

Report to be

