474 C. 21.

Anno octavo Georgii III.

A.D. 1768.

Office, {hall refuse'or neglect to serve and execute the fame, according to the true Intent and Meaning of

this Act; he shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds 5 and mall,

nevertheless, continue liable to be chosen into the said Office again the Year following, or at any other

Time, and shall be liable to the like Penalty, so often as he shall thereupon refuse or neglect to take upon

him and duly to execute the fame. v

In case of Refu- LV. And it is hereby further enacted, That when and as often as any Person shall refuse or neglect to

^ ^ 10 take upon him the said Office, or to execute the fame when chosen, or shall die, or remove out of the

theVidcrminCe,^art^ *n anc* *9r which he {hall be so chosen and appointed, beforeLe has finished his Collection; then,

Ifr/of the ' and in every or any such Cafe, it {hall and may be lawful to and for the Alderman of such Ward for the

vva.d, &c. may Time being, or his Deputy, with the major Part of the Common Council Men of the said Ward, by ap-

appoint othci*. pojntment under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person within such

Ward, to collect the said Rates therein, or such Sum or Sums of Money as {hall'remain due and unpaid

thereof: And if such other Person so appointed {hall refuse or neglect to take and subscribe the said Oath,

or (being One of the Persons called Quakers) to make the said Affirmation, to serve and execute the said

Office; then, and in every such last-mentioned Cafe, every Person so refusing or neglecting shall be liable

to the like Penalty of Fifty Pounds as if he had been chosen into the said Office at the Wardmote as

aforesaid.

Not to eitendto LVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall ex-i

terve who are*by » or construed to oblige any Person or Persons to serve the said Office of Collector, who, by the

Law exempted. Laws now in being, is or are exempted from serving any Ward Office.

Impowering the LVII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That if any Person or Persons who shall be rated

Collectors to or assessed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall, by the Space of Ten Days next after his, her, or

their respective Rate or Rates, AlTefTment or Assessments, shall be due, and demanded by the Collector or

Collectors authorised and appointed to collect and receive the same (such Demand being either personally

made to the respective Person or Persons so charged, or left in Writing at his, her, or their respective House

or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode) then, and in every such Cafe, it {hall and may be lawful to and

for such Colledoror Collectors, every or any of them, having a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and

Seal of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them (which Warrant or Warrants the said Collector

and Collectors is and arc hereby required to apply for; and the said Commissioners, or any Three of

them, are hereby authorised and required to grant) and, with the Assistance of a Constable, or other

Peace Officer of the Ward, County, City, or Liberty, where the Person or Persons so refusing or neg-r

1‘eding {hall reside, to enter his, her, or their House or Houses, Apartment or Apartments, and then and

there to distrain his, her, or their Goods and Chattels; and if the fame {hall not be replevied, or such

Rate or AlTefTment paid, within Five Day3 next after such Distress made, together with the Costs and

Charges thereof, then to appraise and fell so much and such Part of the said Goods and C. hattcls as shall

be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Assessment, with the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and

Sale; returning the Overplus (if arfy) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels (.he said

Costs and Charges to be settled and allowed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them)

who shall have granted such Warrant or Warrants respectively.

LVIII. Provided always, That no such Distrcfs {hall, by virtue of this Act, be made out of the Limits

of the said City and Liberties thereof, unless such Warrantor Warrants respectively shall be first backed

or countersigned by some Magistrate of the County, City, or Liberty, where such Distress is proposed to

be made; whichWarrant or Warrants any Magistrate who shall be applied to for thatPurpose, shall forth-

with4back or countersign, without Fee or Reward.

LIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any such Collector or Collectors shall refuse or neglect

distrain in case

of Non-pay*-

went.

Warrant of

B.strefsto be

backed.

For puni/hing

/ 1 /V 4 IIIU iv 1IW Vk/y » ua V»VI viimwvvvj j a aimv a* j M VII wiavvvx/a wi wmvwvuiu vi ujv VI *v gi v

ing their Dm* into aPply for Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid, or to make such Distress and Sale, pursuant to the

granting orex- Directions of this Act, except in Cafes where such Distress {hall be dispensed with by the Alderman or

routing any his Deputy, and the major Part of the Common Council Men of each respective Ward, by Writing un-

Warranf. der their Hands, in respect of the Poverty of the Party or Parties assessed j such Collector or Collectors

shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds: And if any Justice

of the Peace, upon such Application to him made to back or countersign such Warrant or Warrants as

aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do, such Justice {hall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and

pay the Sum of Five Pounds; And if any Constable, being called upon by any Collector or Collectors

having such Warrant or Warrants, shall refuse or neglect to aid and assist him or them in making such

Distress and Sale, he {hall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

Rendering Free- LX. And? for the more effectual enforcing the Payment of the said Rates and Alieff’ments for the Pur-*

fh^Ritrs^nc*- poses aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Freeman of London*

pabie of voting liable to pay the said Rates and Affeftments, or any Re-assessments, which {hall and may be made in the

at EJc&ioirs, Cafes herein after mentioned, {hall have neglected or refused to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, after

such Demand as aforesaid; or if any such Freeman {hall, for or in respect of Poverty or Inability, have

desired to be excused, and accordingly {hall have been excused, from paying any such Rate, Alleftment,

or Re-assessment,; then, and in every such Cafe, every such Freeman shall be under the lame Incapacity

of voting at Elections within the City of London, as any Person or Persons now is, or are, who do not pay

their Scot and Lot to any of the yearly Rates and Aftefiments to which the Citizens of London are, at this

Time, or shall hereafter, become liable,

LXI,

