A. D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. C. 13, 14. ,653,

all and every the Conditions, Covcnanfs, and Agreements in the fame Letters Patent, or either of them con-

tained, to be paid, observed, kept, or performed, shall ccafe, determine, and be absolutely exllingulshed,

and the said Letters Patent be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

V. Saving to all and every the Tenant and Tenants of the said Manor, all their Customs, Rights, and Reservation of

Privileges, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they have hitherto held and enjoud Rl©hu

the fame ; and saving to them, and to all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, their Heirs, Ecxecu-

tors, and Administrators, and all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and their Successors (other than and ex-

cept the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors) all such Efiate, Right, Title, and

Interest, of, in, to, or out of the said Premises, or any Part thereof, as they, or any of them, have or

might have had, if this act had not been made.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for paving, lighting, and watching the Town of Plymouth^ in the County of Devon j

and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town.

4 TT7 FIE R E A S many of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Borough of Plymouth, in the Preamble.

4 VV County of Dtvm, are at present very ill paved, and it would tend to the Safety and Convenience

c of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of all Persons resorting thereto, if Provision was made for

4 repairing the Pavement of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and for keeping the fame in Repair; and for

4 cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame ; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstruc-

4 tions therein ; and for regulating the Carmen, Draymen, and Porters, and the Carriages to be used by

4 such Carmen and Draymen, within the said Borough ; May it please Your Majesty, that it may be en-

4 acted ; and 9 be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Town Clerk, Coroner, and Common Commifl'l°Ilcr,»

Council of the said Bor ugh, for the Time being ; Addis Archer Esquire, "John Bedford Clerk, John Baity

Merchant, Harry Bewcs Esquire, William Brent Merchant, Samuel Champion Gentleman, John CAv:el

M. D. Joseph Collier Merchant, John Coban Surgeon, John Culme Esquire, Richard Dunning Gentleman,

Michael Fanning Merchant, Joftas Foot Clerk, Jam s Fox junior Merchant, John Gandy Clerk, George

Herbert Merchant, John Julian Clerk, George Leach Gentleman, Stephen Mignan Merchant, John Mudge

Surgeon, Samuel Alufgrave M. D. Remundo Putt Gentleman, William Shephcard Merchant, Joseph Squire

Merchant, Edward Stephens Gentleman, Vincent Warren Clerk, George Winne Merchant, George Wooll-

combe Esquire, Thomas Woollcombe Surgeon, Charles Yonge Surgeon, shall be, and they are hereby consti- on Death,or Rcw

tuted and appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution ; and when any of the Commissioners fufal to act, o-

herein named, or hereafter to be elected, shall die, refuse toadt, or remove out of the said Borough', or the then to be

Liberty thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any sevenor fcn#

more of them, at any Meeting, to elect a fit Person or Persons, to be qualified as hereafter m. ntioned, to

supply the Place or Places of him or them so dying orrefufing to act, or removing out of the said Borough ;

and all Persons who shall be so elected, are hereby vested with the fame Powers for putting this Act in

Execution, as the Persons in whose Stead they were so elected were vtfied with.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commis- Comm:flinrer»

fioner, during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit, or have any Share or Interest in any Contract "^cd*

relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act. “c c

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall mcetFitft

at the Guildhall within the same Borough, on the Tuesday Three Weeks next after patting this Act, between ^Conun.in.a-

the Hours of Ten of the Clock in tha Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon ; and afterwards at such Tune cri*

and Place, within the same Borough, as shall be appointed for that Purpose, as often as it shall be necessary

for putting this Act in Execution : And if at any Meeting, appointed to be held by virtue of this Act, there

shall not appear a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act, and to adjourn to another 1)ay, or in case

the Commissioners so assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves ; then, and in such Cafe, any

Seven of the Commissioners shall and may, by Notice in Writing, to lie ft. ck up on the Guildhall of the

fame Borough, at leaf! Ten Days before the n.xt Meeting, appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the

Place where the last Meeting was held ; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall

and may meet accordingly, at the Time mentioned in the laiJ Notice, and proceed to the Execution of this

Act; And the said Commissioners shall at all their Meetings pay their own Expenses.

IV. And be it further enacted, That a. every Meeting of the said Co nmissioners to be held by virtue of

this Act, the Powers and Authorities hereby granted shall be carried into Execution by the major Part ofc^cneef^'’*

y the Commissioners present, provided there are Seven or more present at such Meeting ; and the Mayor for

the Time being shall preside, and be called Piefident; and in case of the Absence of the Mayor at such

Me: ting, the Recorder shall be the President ; and, in the Absence of the Recorder, the last Predecefibr of P c

the Mayor shall be the Prciident; and, in the Absence of all of them, the senior Alderman, prefint at such

Meeting, shall be the President ; and if neither the Mayor, Recorder, the last Prcdccessor of the Mayor,

or any of the Aldermen, shall be^ present at such Meeting; then, and in such Cafe, such One of the Com-

mifiioiu "

J quail:

anJ tlu Jecifive Vote.

ner*. present, as the major Part of them attending liiall appoint, shall be the President; and in case of

by of Voices (including the President’s own) such President shall, upon-alj Occasions, have another

V. And

