i68

C. 20.

Anno sexto Georgii III,

A.D. 1766.

Their Power.

Clerk and Ser-

jeants appoint-

ed.

for the Town and Borough of Derby% and the Liberties thereof and they the said Commissioners, or

any three or more of them, lnall, and are hereby authorized, impowered, and required, to meet, assemble,

and hold the said Court on every Tuesday three Weeks, or oftener, if there shall be Occasion, in the

Town Hall within the said Town and Borough, or some convenient Place to be appointed by the major

Part of the said Commissioners as shall be present at any such Meeting; and the first Meeting of the said

Commissioners shall be held on the Tuefdcty three Weeks next after the passing of this Act.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners so named and appointed,

and their Successors, to be chosen as herein after is mentioned, or any three or more of them, from

time to time assembled as aforesaid, shall have Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to hear and,

determine all such causes as hereafter are mentioned, and to give such Judgements, and make such

Orders and Decrees therein, and to award such Execution thereupon, with Costs, both against the Bodies,

and the Goods and Chatties, of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give or make

any such Judgment, Order, or Decree, as to them shall seem just, and most agreeable to Equity and good

Conscience; and if the Commissioners so assembled shall happen to be equally divided upon any Question

that may happen to come before them, the Commissioner present who lianas first in the Lift of Commit-

sioners, to be hung up in the Court House, or Place where they shall meet, shall have the carting Vote.

Election of new HX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from time to time, as often as it shall

Commi loners. ^ either by the Death of any of the said Commissioners herein before particularly named, or

of any or either of their Successors, to be chosen in Manner herein after mentioned, or by his or their

refuting to act therein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners hereby appointed, and

their Successors, or any Nine of them, to meet and assemble together, within the Space of one Year next

after such Death or Refusal to act, and elect and appoint, under their Hands and Seals, ope or more

Commissioner or Commissioners in the Stead and Place of such Commissioner or Commissioners so dyine

or refusing to act; and every such Commissioner, so elected and appointed, shall be, and is hereby, enabled

to act in the Execution of the Powers granted to the Commissioners hereby appointed, as fully and effec-

tually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been particularly named herein.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That William Merrill Locket shall be, and is hereby,

constituted and appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requests; and that Henry Radford and Robert

Broughton shall be, and arc hereby, constituted and appointed Serjeants of the said Court of Requests;

who shall continue Clerk and Serjeants of the said Court as long as he or they shall behave himself or

themselves well in their respective Offices.

No Comfriffi- f V, Provided always. That no Commissioner shall be capable of holding the Office of Clerk, or any other

®*?cr to^, Jry Place of Profit belonging to the said Court.

a- Pf VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall happen that the

Clerk??*!Ser" ^acc of Cta* or Serjeant shall become vacant, either through Misbehvaiour, Death, or Resignation, or

jeantt!in Incapacity, the Commissioners for the time being shall meet at some convenient Place within fix Days

after such Vacancy shall happen 5 and a Majority of such Commissioners lb met, not being less than ten

in Number, are hereby authorized and required, by Ballot, to choose and appoint, under their Hands

and Seals, another fit and proper Person to be Clerk or Serjeant to the said Court during his good

Behaviour.

Clerks to fixup VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk herein before named and

LHU ot Com- chosen, and his Succeflqrs, so, from time to time, to be chosen and appointed, shall make, andcaufeto

be fixed up in some convenient Part of the said Court-house, a fair and complete Lift of the Commissioners

owrt‘ e i named and appointed, or hereafter to be elected and appointed, as aforesaid; and shall also and are hereby

to MTueSum* impowered and required, to issue out all Summonics, Attachments, Warrants, and Precepts, and to

inonfes, rc-j-egifter and enter, or cause to be entered and registered, all the Orders, Decrees, and Judgements, and

giibr Orders, other Acts and Proceedings of the said Court, in proper Books to be provided by them, and kept for that

Serjeants to Purpose; and that the Serjeants herein before named and chosen, or hereafter, from time to time, to be

fexve Precepts, chosen and appointed as aforesaid, shall and are hereby impowered and required to serve and execute all

such Summonses, Orders, Attachments, Warrants, Executions, and Precepts, and to do and perform

such other Acts, Matters, and Things, as are herein directed and appointed to be done by them.

Power given to VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this AS,

for Debt lt an<* maY be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons whatsoever who now hath or have,

under 40s. or hereafter shall have, any Debt or Debts, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, due or owing unto

him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or as&xecutor, Administrator, Guardian, or Trustee,

by or from any other Person or Persons whatsoever inhabiting or residing within the Town and Borough of

Derby, and Liberties thereof, or trading and dealing, or seeking a Livelihood therein, to apply to the

Clerk of the Court for the time being, who shall immediately make out and deliver a Summons in Writ-

ing under his Hand, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or

them, and the Name or Names of the Party or Parties demanding the fame, thereby requiring and com-

manding such Debtor or Debtors to appear at a certain Time and Place before the Commissioners of the

Method of Set* said Court, to answer such Demand 5 and the Serjeants of the said Court shall forthwith cause such Sum-

mons to be served on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the fame at the Dwelling-

On Proof there-house or Place of Abode, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of Dealing or Working

of, Commission of such Debtor or Debtors, within the said Town and Borough of Derby, and Liberties aforesaid; and

cn to hear and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, upon Proof made of the Service of such

determine. Summons, have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to make due Inquiry concerning such

Demands,

