A- D. 1770. Anno decimo Georgii III. C. 1, 2. 641

LII. 4 And whereas by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, compleat the Return* to

c Returns of the several Officers, iNon-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, who were actually inrolled,

and did serve in any Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, at the Time the fame were ex- of Officer* tod

* ercifed, signed by the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, and Independant Company, Men inrolled tod

4 are directed to be transmitted to one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State j* be it further enacted serving in any

by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Commanding Officer shall, in such Return, fjpecify the Num-

beref Days on which cachof the Commissioned Officers was present during the Time of the Annual Exercise 5 Daeyt c^h Officer

and that the said Secretaries of State receiving such Return, {hall cause Copies thereof to be annually laid Wa* present *t

before both Houses of Parliament, ' the AooyaiEx-

ercife it to be specified, and laid before the Parliament*

Anno decimo G E O R G I I III. Regis.

At the Parliament began and holden at Westminster, the Tenth Day of May, Domitli

1768, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by

the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and , King, Defender of the Faith,

fcfr. and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the Ninth Day of January, 17701

being the Third Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I,

An Act for continuing an A& made in the last Session of Parliament, to prohibit, for a further p,/«w a, t.

Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch,

and also the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour. • '

* \\7 HEREA S an Act was made in the lift Session of Parliament, intituled, An A'l is prohibit. Preamble,

* VV for a further Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meat, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit and

Starch, and also the Extraction of Loiv IVtnet and Spirits from IVheat and Flour, which is

* thereby enacted to continue until the Twentieth Day after the Commencement of the next Session of Act 9 c,c0.5.

* Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the fame should be continued for a further Timebe it Seir *•c-.»- fur*

therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the |!prth.n*o"hD.

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, anti Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-art,.t

rity of the fame. That the said Ait shall remain, and be in full Force and Et'i-ct,. and is hereby conti- nrrnceirent of

nurd, until the Twentieth Day afte r the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament. ne*' Session.

II. Provided nevertheless, "I hat the said Continuation may be abridged or fiiortencd, and this Act, of Continnuionmiy

any Part thereof, may be altered and varied by any other Act or Acts to be made in this present Scifion ofbs *b,id^d b>

Parliament. iWnem*

CAR II. ‘

An Act to continue for a further Time an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Ma-

jetty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the hi}th Tear of

the Rei?n of His present Mafe/ly, intituled, An Act for Importation of Salted B*cf,

Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time ; ami for allowing the Impor-

tation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America,

for a limited Time.

c \WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Preamble.

4 W Att for Importation of Salted Beef Porky Bacony and Buttery from Ireland, for a limited Time: sGco. 3. c. x#

4 And whereas an Act was made in the Eighth Year of His present Macfty's Reign, to continue and

4 amend the said first-mentioned Act ; and fi r allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and

4 Butter, from the British Dominions in Americay for a limited Time: And whereas an Act was made in

4 the last Session of Parliament to continue the said last-mentioned Act : And where, s it is expedient tli.it

4 the Importation of all the said Goods and Commodities should be admitted for a longer 1 i.ne than is

4 allowed by the said Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign: May it therefore

4 please Your Majesty that it may be enacted $ and* be it enacted by the King's incut Excellent Majesty

Vol. X. 4 N by

