% $0 c. 40.

Anno septimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1767,

curing for the

Penalty,

forfeits 40 s.

Driver of any

Waggon with

of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gage then nine Inches, to past tipon any Turnpike Read, or

through any Turnpike-gate or Bar, if the fame be drawn by Horses in Pairs (pthor than and except

Waggons and Four Wheeled Carriages loaden wkh Fi&, Rabbits, Poultry, Cam* alive or Slaughtered,

or Lambs only.)

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, travel

Iv turned*o»tof" ^P00 any Turnpike Roads, shall be driven or turned out of the fame into any of the Road*

a Turnpike adjacent, not being Turnpike Roads,' in order to avoid, and thereby avoiding, paying the Tolls and

Road, to avoid Duties by this or any other Act or Acts made, or to be made, payable at any Gate or Turnpike eroded*

the Toll*, on or to be erected, for the collecting and receiving the fame; upon rain of forfeiting and losing airy one of

F?r^iirueon€ t*16 Horses drawing the feme, not being the Thill or Shaft Horse, with all his Geafs and Accoutrements,

of the Horse. to |hc foJe Use an3 Benefit of any Person or Persons who shall fciae and distraiti the feme.

Colle^or, kc. XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Toll-gatherer or Gate-keeper

being privy to shall permit or suffer any Waggon, Wain, or Cart, or other Carriage, to be drawn or pase upon any

any of the with-Turnpike Road within the View, or with the Knowledge, of such Gate-keeper or Toll-gatherer, or to

-^en^and pass through any Toll-gate or Bar, with any greater Number of Hoifes, Oxen, or Neat Catde, or wkfc

not u yproc- 0Hy Carriage construded or drawn in any other Manner than is before directed, and shall not, withm the

Space of one Week, proceed for the Recovery of the Forfeiture or Penalty hereby in Aided for every feck

Offence, in the Manner directed or authorized by this Act; he shall forfeit and pay, for every such

Neglect, the Sum of forty Shillings.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall, upon any Turnpike Road,

drive, or ad as the Driver or Drivers of, any Waggon, Cart, Wain, or Carriage, having Wheels of a

^or Construction not authorized by this A£1, or drawn by more than the Number of Horses, Oxen, or Neat

drawn by more Cattle, hereby respectively appointed; that then, and in every such Cafe, it shall and may be lawful to

Horses than tu- and for any Constable, Tything-man, Surveyor, or any other Person, to apprehend and take, or cause

thorifed, may be to be apprehended and taken, such Person or Persons so driving, orafting as Driver or Drivers, as afore-

apprehenjed by fajj before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where

takenlbeforea Offence shall be committed; and upon Conviction thereof, either by Confeftion of the Party, or

Justice j and<m by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before such Juuice or Justices of the Peace,

Conviction, for- every such Person or Persons so offending shall respectively forfeit arid pay, for every such Offence, the

fcic* 5I. Sum of five Pounds.

Drag irons to be XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Drag Iron, or other Instrument,

flat «t the Sole, shall be affixed under ihe Sole of the Wheel or Wheels of any Waggon or other Carriage, to make the

and of the Passage of such Waggon or Carriage more easy and secure down deep Hills; every such Drag Iron, or

Breadthof the other Instrument, shall be flat at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and shall not be of less Breadth than the

Fellies of the Wheels under which the feme (halt be so affixed, on Pain of the Owner of every such

Waggon or other Carriage forfeiting the Sum of forty Shillings for every such Offence.

_........ Xy III. And be it further enacted, That every Owner or Owners of any Waggon, Wain, Curt, or

Name and place Carriage, shall paint, or cause to be painted, in large and legible Characters, upon the Tilts of every such

of Abode to be Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, which has a Tilt, and upon the most conspicuous Part of such Wag-

painted on the gon<j Wain, Cart, or Carriage, which has not a Tilt, before be, (he, or they, shall use or drive the (have

“ Par” of Ceach uP°n any Turnpike Road, his, her, or their Christian and Surname or Names, and the Plate of his, her.

Waggon and or their Abode; and every Owner or Owners ef every Common Stage Waggon or Cart shall, over and

Cart; also the above his, her, or their Christian and Surname or Names, paint, or cause to be painted, on the Part, and

Words Common in Manner, as aforesaid, the following Words, COMMON STAGE WAGGON, or CART, as

Sugetiaggon ox ^ case may ^ . And if any Owner or Owners of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage shall

maybe.1 * travel with, or use, by him/elf, herself, or theirselves. Servant or servants, any such Waggon, Wain,

Cart, or Carriage, without having his, her, or their Christian Name, and Surname or Names, and Place

Travelling with of Abode, so painted thereon; or if any Person or Persons shall paint, or cause to be painted, any feMe or

fiaitiou* fiditious Name on such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage; he, she, or they, shall forfeit the Smn of

Name thereon, five Pounds: And if any Owner or Owners of any Common Stage Waggon or Cart shall travel with, or

wiihout5the*nd t*le some> by himself, herself, or theirselves. Servant or Servants, without having the Words hereby

Word* required, required to be painted thereon respectively; he, she, or they, shall forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings.

40^ 4 XIX. And whereas in and by several Acts of Parliament, made and passed for amending and repairing

particular Turnpike Roads within this Kingdom, several high and extraordinary Tolls are granted and

directed to be levied and paid for Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, drawn by more than a certain

, 4 Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught therein respectively mentioned, with an Intent in effect to pro-

hibit the Passage of such Carriages, and thereby the better to preserve the (bid Roads ;* now it is hereby

On such Roads farther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees appointed, or to be appointed,

dinar* Toils* ,n or virtue of any Act of Parliament made, or to be made, for repairing and amending such par-

fcaveleen grant- ticular Roads as aforesaid, or any five or more of such Trustees respectively, within their respective Di£

eci, designeiiyto trids, and they are hereby authorized and required, at the first Meeting after the Commencement of thfe

prohibit Wag- Ad, to mitigate, lessen, and reduce, the said high and extraordinary Tolls and Duties, for and m rdped

*ons, see. being of such Waggons or other Wheel Carriages only having Wheels of the Breadth or Gage of nine Inches

^mor^thon^ as aforefo*d, *n such Manner as no greater Toll or Duty, in respect to Waggons, be demanded or taken

certain Number for ^ame l^an Is provided and directed, by the said Acts respectively, to be paid and taken for Wag*

of Horses, the gons and other Four Wheel Carriages drawn by four^ Horses or Beasts of Draught; and that no greater

Trustees arc re- Toll or Duty be demanded or taken for Carts, having the Fellies of their Wheels of the Breadth or G3gc

£l'tlVr‘Ulcc n‘ne Inc^csi than is provided and directed, by the said Acts respedivdy, to be taken for Carts drawn

Fellies,

on Forfeiture

of 40 «.

Owner*! real

iuen Tol's, La

by

