64 C. 27. Anno quinto Georgii III. A. D. 1765.

and by rach And each of the Members of the said Council of Regency, and their Successors, shall, before they shall

Men-her of the respectively act in or enter upon their respective Offices as Members of the said Council, take the following

Council, Oath of Office ; that is to say,

4 Tyf.fi. do solemnly premise and swear. That I will truly and faithfully serve his or her (as the Cafe

4 1 shall require) Majesty, in the Office of one of the Council of Regency, established by an Act of

4 Parliament made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act

4 to provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown /hall defend to any of the Children cf

4 his Majesty, icing under the Age of eighteen Yearly and for the Care and Guardianship of their Perf ns ; and

4 that I will duly and faithfully execute the said Office, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the

said A61; and that in all Matters and Things, which shall he moved, debated, and considered, in the

4 Council of Regency, I will truly and faithfully declare my Mind and Opinion, according to my Heart

4 and Conscience, and the be ft of my Judgement; and will support, maintain, and defend the Person,

4 Honour, Crown, and Dignity, of his or her (as the Cafe shall require) Majesty, to the utmost of my

4 Power.

So help mt GOD

to be admin!• which Oaths shall be taken before the Privy Council then in being, who are hereby required and

ftrred by the impowered to administer the fame, and to enter the fame in the Council Books.

Privy Council, and entered in the Council Books.

The Regentand XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Regent for the time being, and

Council are to every Person who shall be of the Council of Regency, by virtue of this Act, and of the Powers hereby

qualify them- given, shall be deemed and taken to be Persons having and executing Offices or Places of Trust within

fleet and Place* and take and subscribe such Oaths, m-tke and subscribe such Declaration, and do all such Atfts as

of Trust- are required by the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom, to qualify Persons to hold and continue in Offices

1 and Places of Trust, within such Times, and in such Manner, and under such Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures,

and Disabilities, as in and by the said Laws and Statutes are required,

the Regent ta XIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the

kirgand sub- said Regent for the time being, to take and subscribe the said Oaths, and make and subscribe such Declara-

S^rane tion, in and before the Privy Council, and the Certificate of his or her having received the Sacrament of

carrion before Lord’s Supper in any of the Royal Chapels, signed by the Person administering the fame, shall be regi-

the Privy Coun-ftered in the said Privy Council; and such taking and subscribing the said Oaths, and making and sub-

cil j and recei- feribing the said Declaration, and taking the said Sacrament, shall be to all Intents and Purpose> effectual,

ving the Sam- as jf t£e fame had been taken, made, and subscribed, in the Manner now iequired by Law fox the Qwali-

ment m one oi gcation of Persons to hold and continue in Offices and Places of Trust.

the Royal Cha-

pels.

Upon his Maje- XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whensoever his present Majesty (whom

fty's Dcmife, God long preserve) shall happen to demise, leaving such Succcflor as aforesaid under the Age of eighteen

nmi?8ofhisSn*e. Years, the Privy Council for the Kingdom of Great Britain in being at the Time of such Demise shall,

cefibr, the Privy with all convenient Speed, alienable, and cause such next Succefi'or, intitled to the Crown of Great Britan,

Council is 10 by virtue of an Atft of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King IViiliam the Third (intituled. An AlifrUt

meet, and cMz further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject) to be openly and

such Succ<fior to solemnly proclaimed in the tifual Manner in Great Britain and Ireland \ and that all and every Member and

pumiaoM™Aa ^em^ers of the said Privy Council, wilfully neglecting or refusing to cause such Proclamations to he made,

12vs3.c 2. upon shall he guilty of High Trrafon, and suffer upon Conviction thereof Pains of Death, and all other LolTes

Pain of incurring and Forleitures, as in Cafes of High Treason.

the Pennies cf

High Treason.

The Consent of XV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Creation of all Pccr-

the Majority of ages of Great Britain or Ireland, in the pardoning of all Crimes of High Tffieafon, and in the Gift, Grant,

five or more of and Disposition, of all Archbishopricks and Bishopricks in England ox Ireland, and of the Offices of Lord

the Council is Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain or

oJke^ood all ly*knd, of Lord Treasurer or Treasurers of the Exchequer, or Commissioners fox executing the Offices <>f

Crca:ions, Par- Treasurer of the Exchequer, of Lord President of the Council, Lord Privy Seal, Lord High Admiral, or

dons. Gift*, Commissioner s for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, the Principal Secretaries of State, Mafier

Grants, D Oo- Gf the Rc> 11 s in Great Britain and Ireland, and of all the Judges of the Courts of King's or Queen's Bench and

Iions^Ortlers* C°m,hon Pleas^ and Barons of the Courts of Exchequer in England and Ireland; and of the Judges of the Court

Jr Authorities. Se/jion, Court of fujliciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and in the giving Instruc-

tions, Orders, and Authorities, for the making any Treaties with any foreign Powers; the Confcnr of the

said Council of Regency, or the major Part of any Five or more of them so all'embled as aforesaid, shall

be necessary to make the said Creations, Pardons, Gifts, Grants, Dispositions, Inflections, Orders, or

Authorities, good and effectual.

The Regent dif- XVI. Provided also, and he it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for

sh ed to make the said Regent for the time being, to make War or Peace ; to ratify any Treaty with any foreign Prince;

w . o» Peace j or to prorogue, adjourn, or dissolve any Parliament, without the Consent of the major Part of the whole

to pro- Council of Regency then in being, and in Great Britain, in case there shall then be an unequal Number in

naie, adjourn. Great Britain > and if the Number then in Great Britain shall be an equal Nnumber, then, without the

3 Consent

