486 C. 25. Anno octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1768.

a Permit obtain, buted, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner and Form, as the Duties on Salt were thereby ap«

ed,6V. pointed to be levied, recovered, and distributed.

6:1. Pi mlty on

empUv ng the

said Salt to any

other Pur pole

but that of

Manure.

Recital of

Cl-»u(V» in Act

Stamp Dates

Upon ' oiicics

ti Assurance.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person dr Persons shall* after such

Foul Salt has been removed from any Salt Work or Works, use, employ, or consume, the fame for any

other Purposes whatsoever than for the manuring of Land as aforesaid ; he, (he, or they, for every Of-

fence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Sixty Pounds ; One third Part thereof to His Majesty, His Heirs,

and Succelfars, and the Remainder thereof to such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same ;

which said last mentioned Penalty and Forfeiture {hall be recovered and levied in such Manner and Form*

and with such Power of Mitigation, as any Fine, Forfeiture, or Penalty, is or may be recovered by any

Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action or Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s

Courts of Record at Westminster^ wherein no Eflbin* Protection, or Privilege, Wager of Law, or more

than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

IV. 4 And whereas by an Act made In the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An At7 for altering the

— 1H c * Stamp Duties upon Policies of Al]uranC€ > ondfor reducing the Allowance to be made in rejfyeft of the Prompt raj-

for ahcnnR the4 * ment of ^e Stamp Duties on Licencesfor retailing Beer, Ale, and other Excise able Liquors; and for explaining

~ 4 and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs; after reciting that by an

Act made in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s. Reign, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp

Duties upon Admijftons into Corporations or Companies ; and for further securing and improving the Stamp Du-

4 ties in Great Britain ; it was, among other Things, enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day ofju/y^

4 One thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, if the Properties of more than One Person in any Ship,

4 Cargo, or both, or of more than a particular Number of Persons in General Partnership. or of more

4 than one Body Politic or Corporate, to a greater Amount in the Whole than the Sum of One hundred

* Pounds, in any Ship, Cargo, or both, be afllircd on the fame Policy, such Policy should be void, and

4 the Premium paid thereon remain the Property of the Affurer ; with a Proviso, that it should and might

* he lawful to allure, or cause to be assured, the Properties of any Number of Persons whatsoever, in any

4 Ship, Cargo, or both, by One Policy stamped with Five Stamps of Five Shillings each ; any thing therein

* contained to the c< ntrary notwithstanding : And after reciting, that such Parc of the said ACI as before

* recited, had been found very inconvenient to Merchants, Traders, and others, reflding out of the King-

4 dom, and injurious to the Commercial Dealings thereof; it was eMadied (among other Things) That

* from and after the FirftDayof August, One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, it should and might

4 be lawful to allure, or cause to be allured* the Properties of any Number of Persons whatsoever, in any

4 Ship, Cargo, or both, to the Amount of any Sum, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One thoul-

4 and rounds, by a Policy Stamped with a Stamp of Five Shillings; and that it should and might be law-

4 ful to allure, or cause to be allured, the Properties of any Number of Persons whatsoever, in any Ship,

4 Cargo, or both, to the Amount of any Sum whatsoever. by One Policy stamped with Two Stamps of

4 Five Shillings each ; and that every Policy so stamped, mould be good, valid, and eft'edfual, to all In-

4 tents and Purp fes whatsoever j anything in the said recited A& of the Fifth Year of His present Majes-

4 ty’s Reign, or any f rmer Act to the contrary notwithstanding; with a Proviso, that if any Risque or

4 Adventure, distinif from the Risque or Adventure mentioned in the original Policy, and up; n which

4 any further Premium should be given, should be, by any Writing or Declaration not duly stamped, added

4 to any such original Policy, such additional Afl'urance should be void, and the Premium paid thereon

4 should remain the Property of the Affurer; and it was thereby further enabled, That if any Person <*r

4 Persons should be sued or prosecuted under and by virtue of the said A£t> for the alluring the Properties

4 of any Number of Persons whatsoever in any Ship, Cargo, or both, to a greater Amount than the Sum

4 of One thousand Pounds, by a Policy stamped with a Stamp of Five Shillings only; then, and in such

4 Cafe, the Proof, as to the Amount or Value so assured, should lie on the Person or Persons that should

4 be so sued or prosecuted, and not on the Person or Persons who should sue or prosecute : And whereas a

4 Doubt has arisen, whether the Property of a single Person, to any Amount, required more than a Stamp

4 of Five Shillihgs ; therefore,’ he it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First

fcrdm Day of Ma\t> One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, all Policies of Afl'urance by which the Property

1768, all Poll-cf One person9 or of a particular Number of Persons in One General Partnership, or of one Body Poli-*

I'rop'Vy to^Ne or Corporate, in any Ship or Cargo, or both, shall be allured 10 the Amount of more than One thousand

A moM i) r of more Pounds, shall be ft amped with Two Five Shilling Stamps ; and that evciy such Policy, which shall not

than icccl. is be so stamped, shall be void, and the Premium paid thereon shall remain the Property of the Assurer.

allured, arc to have two rj. StJii-i*, CSc.

Persons sued for V. And be it furthef declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons

•/r.nn^n-icreil .h shall be sued or prosecuted underand by virtue of this A£, for alluring the Proncrty of One Person, or

icco/. »ropejry of a particular Numb r of Persons in OneGeneral Partnership, or of One Body Politic or Corporate, in

#y sfanf ^on-any ^hip or Cargo, or both, to a greater Amount than the Sum of One Thousand Pounds, _by a Policy

jy>5x‘ a ,p on* stumped with a Stamp of Five Shillings only ; ther., and in such Cate, the Proof, as to the amount or Value

arc to prote the so allured, shall lie on the Person or Persons that shall be so sued or prosecuted, and not on the Person or

Amount or Va- Persons who fti 11 lucor prosecute.

^nefa'd* VI* Provided always, That if any Risque or Adventure distincS from the Risque or Adventure mcn-

dluonuf * 1 fur- foiled in the original Policy, and upon which any fui ther Premium shall be given, shall be, by any Wri-

rance to the ori- ting or Declaration notduly stamped, add :d to any such original Policy, such additional All’urance shall be

ginal PoWv void, and the Premium paid thereon shall rc rain the Property of the Assurer;

Vhcic the Risque is distinct therefrom, ami a further Premium is given, istotcDutv ftarrpedaiio,

3 VII.

t^oooole

