35® 4*2«

Anno feptimo Georgii III.

A.D. 1767.

tad it to produce

the (hme to the

Justices and

verify them upon

Oath j and af-

terwards deli-

ver them over,

with the Ba-

lance, and other

Articles, to his

Succfftor, who

is to collect the

Arrearr; and

not conforming

to the above Re-

gulations, he for-

feits 5I. and

making Default

in paying over

the Money in

his Hands, for-

feits double the

Regulations,

with respect to

Lands given for

the Maintenance

of causeway?,

Pavements,

Highways, and

Bridges.

Penalty of ful-

ling up, remov-

ing, or dell toy-

ing, Sec. the

Pods, Blocks,

Banks, dre: set

of for the Secu-

rity of Horse and

Foot causewayt j

•r the Parapets

or Battlements

of Bridges,

Milestones, or

Direction Pods:

is a Sum not

exceeding 51,

nor less than

10 s. or being

committed to

hard Labour,

and whipr.

Penalty on Sur-

veyor’s Neglect

of Duty, in In-

stances not

other wise pro-

vided for in the

provided for the Repair of the said Highways, at the Publick Expence of such Parish, Townftip, of

Place : And every such Surveyor or Surveyors shall, at the said Special Seffiohs to be held on the first

Monday in October, or within fifteen Days after, as aforesaid, in every Year, produce such Bookjor Books

to the Justices of the Peace attending such Sessions ; and {hall then and there verify the several Entries

therein on Oath, before the said Justices ; and {hall then, or within fourteen Days after such Sessions,

deliver the said Book or Books, together with all such Sums of Money as {hall remain in his or their

Hands, and likewise all Tools, .Materials, Implements, and other Things, as aforesaid, to the succeeding

Surveyor or Surveyors for such Parish, Township, or Place: And k {hall and may be lawful for such

succeeding Surveyor or Surveyors, and they are hereby respectively required to recover, collect, and receive,

all such Sums of Money which {hall be due and owing as aforesaid, by all such Ways and Means, as

fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as the preceding Surveyor or Surveyors could, might.,

or ought to have recovered, collcded, or received the fame : And in case such Surveyor or Surveyors (nail

neglect to provide such Book or Books, or to enter such respective Accounts and Lifts therein, or to deliver

the said Book or Books, and such Tools, Materials, Implements, and other Things as aforesaid, to the

succeeding Surveyor or Surveyors, he or they {hall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds:

And in case he or they shall make Default in the Payment of the Money so remaining in his Hands,

within the Time, and according to the Directions aforesaid, he or they shall forfeit double the Value of

such Money.

Sum.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Lands have been or {hall be given for the Main-

tenance of causeways, Pavements, Highways, and Bridges, all such Persons that are or {hall be enfeoffed

or trusted with any such Lands, {hall let them to Farm at the most improved yearly Value without Fine;

and that the Justices of the Peace in their open Sessions {hall and may inquire, by such Ways and Means

as they {hall think fitting, into the Value of all such Lands so given, or to be given ; and order the Im-

provement and Employment of the Rents and Profits thereof, according to the Will and Direction of the

Donor of such Lands, if they find that the Persons so intrusted'have been negligent or faulty in the

Performance of their Trust (except such Lands as have been given for the Uses aforesaid to any College or

Hall in either of the Universities of this Kingdom which have Vifttors of their own) any Law, Statute,

Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 aXXIV. And whereas in feme Places it hath been, and may be, found necessary to securaHoife

4 causeways and Foot causeways to travel upon, in Publick Highways, by Posts, Blocks, or great

4 Stones, nxt in the Ground, or by Banks of Earth cast up, or otherwise, from being broken up and

4 spoiled with Waggons, Wains, Carts, or Carriages: And forasmuch as several evil-disposed Personsdo

4 wilfully or wantonly pull up, cut down, and remove, the said Posts, Blocks, and great Stones, so fixed

as aforesaid, and also dig and cast down the said Banks, which are the Securities and Defence of the said

causeways, whereby the causeways are often ruined and destroyed ; and such evil-disposed Persons miy

break, damage, or throw down, the Stones, Brick*, or Wood, fixed upon the Parapets or Battlements

4 of Bridges, and may pull down, destroy, obliterate, or deface, any Mile-stone or Post graduated, or

4 Direction-post or Stone, erected, or to be erected, upon any Highway:’ For Prevention thereof, be it

enacted. That every Person who shall be guilty of any such Offence {hall, upon Complaint thereof made

to any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Corporation, Precind, or Liberty,

where the fame {hall be proved to be done, by the Oath of any one credible Witness, or upon View of

the Justice himself, forfeit, for every of the said Offences, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less

than ten Shillings 5 or be committed to the House of Corredioh of such County, Riding, Division, City,

Corporation, Precind, or Liberty, there to be whipped, and kept to hard Labour for any Time not

exceeding one Calendar Month, nor less than seven Days, at the Discretion of such Justice.

XXX V. And be it further enacted. That if any Surveyor of the Highways, after his Acceptance Of the

said Office, {hall neglect his Duty in any Thing required of him by this Act, for which no particular

Penalty is imposed ; he shall forfeit, foe every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less

than ten Shillings; at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices having Jurisdiction therein.

Act.

Justices of the XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of Peace of all Cities, Corporations, Boroughs,

r'eace impower- and other Places, are hereby impowered to put in Execution every Part of this- Ad within their respe&ine

ed 10 put in Ex«- jurisdictions.

cut ion every Part J

No Fcclobc XXXVII. And be it further enacted. That no Person or Persons {hall receive any Sum of Money or

taken of Sur- Fee whatsoever of any Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for the Oath taken, or Account given, by

veyoraccount- them, at such Special Sessions as aforesaid ; and if any Person or Persons {hall receive any such Sum of

5rg,_°.n Penalt* Money or Fee, he shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds.

4 XXXVIII. And whereas the Highways, not being Turnpike Roads, are much prejudiced by the Nar-

4 rownefs of the Wheels of the several Carriages travelling thereon, and by the excessive Burthens loaded

4 in such Carriages,’ be it enacted, That no Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom of the FeHies of tbs

Wheels of less Breadth than nine Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than fix Horses ; and that no

Cart, having the §ole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than nine Inches,

shall go or be drawn with more than four Horses; and that no Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom of

the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of nine Inches, {ball go or be drawn with more than e.-ght.

• Holies;

of I ol.

Regulations

with respect to

the f\4H»rrr of

Horte* u h ich

Broad or Na.-

rowr Wheeled

