.$66 C. 45.

Anno septimo Georgo III.

A. ty. tj6y.

of the QuantUy each Species of Goods so imported as aforesaid; and to tranGoit ao Account thereof, every Quarter, to the

of each specie* Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs at London*

imported, J '

-and an Acccunt thereof to he transmitted to the Commissioners at London.

The Tobacco

-imported x-th

;March last, into

the raid Foit,

be deemed as

1'art of the

♦Quality limited

-ifnd allowed by

'this Alt for one

\3fear.

*Lne of the

Goods here enu-

merated to be

exported again,

-ffti Forfeiture

thereof, together

with the Vtiiel*

>ReRulati*ns to

Le oSfervcv! \\i'll

fdpe& to Good*

cirried Coast-

avise*.

Wo Wool Wool-

“iinor Bay Yarn,

or live Shci'p,

may be exported j

rtcept to Orrat

fhitjin ;

B<nd in that

afe, to be full

ven by tlac Ex-

. potter.

The usual

'bounties and

Drawbacks al-

lowed on Expor-

'ta’ion of GooJs

;(Wa‘t ar.iT Bar-

ney excited)

rfiom Great Bri-

un to the tfle

IX. And whereas there are now secured for the Duties, In his Majesty’s Warehouse at the Port of

c Ikugias in the Isle of Man, one hundred Hogsheads, containing one hundred thousand Pounds Weight

c of Tobacco, and upwards, which were imported into the said Port the seventeenth Day oi March Iait;*

be ir enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Tobacco shall be deemed and confidtred as Part of

the limited Quantity allowed by this Act for one Year, from the said fifth Day of July* one thoftfand-feveit

hundred and sixty-seven; and that it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majestyrs Subjects to import into

the said Island, under the Restrictions and Limitations before mentioned, only lo much Tobacco, within

the Time above specified, as will make up the said annual Allowance of one hundred and twenty thousand

Pounds Weight.

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after die said fifth Day

of July, one thousand (even hundred and sixty-seven, no Tea, Brandy, Strong Waters, or Spirits, of any

Kind whatsoever. Coffee, Chocolate, Tobacco, Glass, or Coals, British or other wrought oilks or Salt,

nor any Wine, shall be exported, or shipped or laden on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boar, in order to be

expoited, from the said Isle of Man, to any Place whatsoever; on Forfeiture of all such Goods, or the

Value thereof, together with the Siiip, Vessel, or Boat, in which the fame shall be laden, with all her Fur-

niture; to be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and sued for and prosecuted as Herein after

is directed.

XL And rt is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods carried Coastwise in

the said Ific of Man shall be subject to the fame Securities, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in

all Respects, as arc prescribed and directed, by any Act of Parliament now in Force, with respect to Goods

carried Coastwise in Great Britain.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day

of July, one thousand (even hundred and sixty-seven, no Wool, Woollen or Bay Yarn, or live Sheep,

shall be exported, or shipped or laden on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported from

the Isle of Man\ under the like Penalties and Forfeitures as are inflicted by any Law now in Force,

against the exporting such Goods from Great Britain to foreign Parts; except as herein after is provided.

XlfL Provided always, and -it is hereby further enadeJ by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein

before contained shall extend to prohibit the Exportation of Wool, Woollen or Bay Yarn, or live Sheep,

from the Isle of Man to Great Britain; the Exporter first giving Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue-

ceflors, wiih one or more sufficient Surety or Sureties, to be approved of by his Majesty’s Receiver

General or his Deputy, in the Isle of Man, in Penalty of five hundred Pounds, for the due Landing thereof,

according to the Entry, and to return a Certificate within three Months from the Date of such Bond,

under the Hands and Seals of the Collector and Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Customs, at

the Port or Place in Great Britain where such Goods shall be landed, testifying the Landing thereof; the

Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day

of July, one thousand fevea hundred and sixty-seven, all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes (Malt and

Barky excepted) which may be lawfully exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, shall, upon being

so exported, be intitled to the fame Drawbacks and Bounties, under the like Rules, Restrictions, Secu-

rities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Rcfpeds, as such Goods are intitled or liable to by Law, upon

Exportation from Great Britain to Ireland.

of Man, as to Ireland.

jNo DiAiMe.y of XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day

JLw wine* or of July, one thousand (even hundred and sixty-seven, no Low Wines or Spirits whatsoever shall be made,

.other Spirits ro extracted, or distilled, within the Isle of Man, from any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any Sort of Grain,

Ae.rirr-J on j or from Meal or Flour, or from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith; and if

any Person or Persons whatsoever shall make, extract, or distil, or cause or procure to be made, extracted,

or thftilled, any Low Wines or Spirits, from any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Gfain, or from any Meal

or Flour, or from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith; or shall use or mix, or

cause or procure to be used or mixed, any Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Grain, or any Meal or Flour,

or any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture’therewith, in any Worts or Wash, in order for the

making, extrading, or distilling, low Wines or Spirits, or shall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put

or laid, in any Tun, Wash-batch, Cask, Copper, Still, or other Vessel or Utensil, any Wheat, Barley,

Malt, or other Grain, or any Meal or Flour, or any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture there-

with, for the Purpose of preparing any Worts or Wa(h,or for making, extrading, or diff illing, Low Wines

or Spirits, in the said Isle of Man; that then, and in each and every of the said Cafes, such Person or

Persons acting contrary to the Directions of this Act, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Pulfef-

- fion any such Tun, Wash-batch, Calk, Copper, Still, or other Vessel or Utensil, which shall be made

o* FotfeHurc of use of contrary to the Intention of this Act, shall be found, shall respectively, for every such Offence, for-

^col. with the feit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and all such Wheat, Barley, Malt, and other Grain, and

an<1 ^, JC^ an<^ Flour, and such foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, and such Worts

^ Wafa, Low Wines and Spirits, with the Tuns, Walh-batches, Calks, Coppers, Stills, or other

Vessels

boogie

