A.D. 1767. Anno ieptimo Georgii III. C. 45. 365

after the necessary Expences attending the Government of the said of , and the Adjninistration of ®rin*h“ of th«

Justice there, arc from time to time defrayed, shall be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament. , Revc*

Savings to be rtferting for the Disposition of Parliament.

HI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day Goods anwca

of Jutyi one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to be imponed

to import into the said Ijle of Man, in any Ship or Vessel, from any Port or Place whatsoever, any Flax Duty free from

or Flax Seed, raw or brown Linen Yarn, Wood Ashes and Weed Ashes, Fish and Flesh of all sorts, and an> P,ac*>

any Sort of Corn or Grain, from any Part or Place whatsoever (except from Great Britain only) without ,c

Payment of any Custom or other Duty whatsoever.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day Good*, &c. *1-

of July* one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty’s ,0WC^I? bs

Subjects to import into the said Ijle of Man, in British Vessels navigated according to Law, from any Port Grclt BrU

or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, any Sort^of white or brown Linen Cloth, and Hemp or Hemp Seed, uin or Ireland

being the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland; Horses and Black Cattle j all Utensils and

Instruments fit and necessary to be employed in Manufactures, Fisheries, or Agriculture) Bricks and

Tiles* all Sorts of young Trees, Sea-shells, Lime, and Soapers-waste, Pack-thread and small Cordage

for Nets, without Payment of any Custom or Duty whatsoever for the fame.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day from Great Brio

of Juh, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's tain only.

Subjects to import into the said lfle of Man, in British Vessels navigated according to Law, from any Port

or Place in Great Britain, without Payment of any Custom or Duty whatsoever, any sort of Salt, Boards,

Timber, and Hoops, being the Produce and Manufacture of Great Britain; Iron in Rods or Bars; Cot-

ton* Indico, Naval Stores, and any Sort of Wood commonly called Lumber (as specified in an Act passed

in the eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, (intituled, 4 An Act for giving further Encou- A ft 8 Geo. u

4 ragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned)5 of the Growth, c»

Production, or Manufacture, of any British Colony or Plantation in America; and all other Goods of the

Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the said Colonies or Plantations, for which any Bounty or Pre-

mium is allowed by Law on the Importation thereof into Great Britain.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That due Entries Due Entry to t*

shall be made of the Goods herein before mentioned, which are allowed to be imported into the said Ijle of'ade of !he

Man, Duty-free, at the Custom-house for the Port or Place where the fame shall be imported, expressing . ,rn~

the Quantity and Qualities of such Goods, in the usual Manner, before landing thereof, and the fame and’the ft to ‘

shall be landed in the Presence of the proper Officer of the Customs for that Purpose; on Failure whereof, be l*ndeJ in the

he said Goods shall be liable to the Duty of fifteen Pounds per Centum ad Valorem any Thing in this ASt Prince of an

©ontained to the contrary notwithstanding. > o^mer ? on Pe- -

, fwJtyof p.iying

Duty.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day Rcftrirtion* and

of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, no Linen Cloth shall be imported into the said Ijle f^Lrmitauona to

Alan, but such only as shall be bona fide and without Fraud laden and shipped in Great Britain or Ireland, ob^rved W|th

and carried directly from thence; and no Glass or Woollen Manufactures shall be imported into the said^m^rtatVnof

Ijle of Mem, but such only as shall be bona fide laden and shipped in Great Britain, and carried directly th/feveral Ar-

from thence; and no Teas, Brandy, Strong Waters, or other Spirits whatsoever, Coffee, or Tobacco, ticl« here men*

shall be imported into the said Ijle of Man, but such only as shall be buiafide and without Fraud laden and honed;

shipped at some Port of England, and carried directly from thence, under the Restrictions and Limitations

herein after mentioned; upon the Forfeiture of all such Goods as shall be imported or carried contrary toon Forfeiture of

the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or the Value thereof, together with the Ship or Veiled in which the with

the fame shall be imported or carried, with all her Gun9, Furniture, Ammunition, 'J ackie, and Apparel;the Vcllcl*

to be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and piofccuted and sued for as herein alter duccted ;

any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day Comnvffioner*

of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in of the c»floms

England, or any three of them, shall and may grant Licence, without l'ee or Reward, (to continue in Force '”/n77[«ncfi

for three Months) to any of his Majesty’s SubjcCts, to export, from any Port of England into the Port of foVxportccrtVn

J)ougLn in the Ijle of Man, but to nootner, in Britisir> Ships nivigated according to Law, any Quantity of Q^ar.iirics of

Spirits, not exceeding, in the whole, fifty thousand Gallons oI British distilled Spirits, and thirty thousand particular Spe-

Ciallons of Rum the Produce of the jBritish Plantations; any Quantity of Tea, n >t exceeding twenty fic,of C(>oc!*

thousand Pounds Weight of BoheaTea, and five thousand Pounds Weight of Circen Tea, in one Year; j^o th^Fort of

any Quantity of Cofiee, not exceeding five thousand PounJs Weight, in one Year; anJ any Quantity of

T obacco, not exceeding one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds Weight, in one Year, to comm, nee from

the said fifth Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and in every luccceding Year; and Drawbacks al-

for the Goods lo exported, by virtue of such Licence, the Exporter (lull be intitled to receive the like on the

Drawbacks, hut under the fame Security, Regulations, and Rtftriciions, in all Respects, as arc allowed E*P°rUl^,n or

and prefenbed for such Goods respectively when e\potted from Great Britain to Ireland \ jny Law, Custom,1 ,c Ul uodl'

or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: And his Majesty’s Receiver General of the Ijle rf Man, or his Rrgiiw to be

Deputy, it hereby enjoined and requiitd to keep a Remitter, at the Poic of o; the Quantity cf kept *t Dougin,

each

