A.D. 1766. Anno sexto Georgii III. C. 16. 159

the said Commissioners shall be held on the third Tuesday next after the passing of this Act; and the said Power.

Commissioners, or any three or more of them, from time to time assembled at such Courts, are hereby au-

thorized and fully impowered to hear and determine all such causes as are hereafter mentioned, and to give

such Judgements, and to make such Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, with

Costs, against the Body and Bodies, or against the Goods of all and every the Person and Persons against

whom they shall give any such Judgement, or make any such Order or Decree, as to them shall seem just

in Law or Equity; and if the Commissioners so assembled shall happen to be equally divided upon any

Question that may come before them, the Mayor of the City for the time being, if present, or in his Ab-

sence, the senior Alderman, if present, and if no Alderrhan is present, the Commissioner present who (lands

first in the Lift of Commissioners to be hung up in the Court or Place where the Commissioners meet*

shall have another’and the caftirfg Vote.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any or either of the said

Commissioners herein before particularly named and associated to and with the said Mayor, Aldermen,

and Common Council, or any or either of the Successors of such Commissioners, to be elected in Manner m case of Death,

herein after particularly mentioned, shall happen to die, or refuse to act ; then, and in either of such Cafes, &c. new Com-

it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or the major Part of such of them as shall missionertto be

be present at a Meeting which is hereby directed to be held for that Purpose, within the Space of One®1*0*"1*

Calendar Month next after such Decease or Refusal to act shall happen or be known, or as toon after as

conveniently may be, to elect and appoint one other Commissioner in the Stead of each such Commissioner so

dying or refusing to act (Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election be-

ing previously given by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, by affixing the fame to the Town Hall in the

said City at feast Seven Days before every such Meeting); and every such Commissioner so elected, shall

be and is hereby enabled to act in the Execution of the rowers hereby granted to the Commissioners afore-

said, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been particularly named herein as a

Commissioner.

4 III. And to the Intent that no undue Preference may be made and given in summoning the said Com- Commissioner*

missioners, appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, to attend the said Court;’ be it further how tobe sum*

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Serjeant of the said Court for the time being, to be nomi- moncdv

nated and appointed as herein after mentioned, shall summon the Mayor and one Alderman, or two Aider-

men together with four other Commissioners, beginning with the Mayor and one Alderman, and four other

Commissioners, who shall be first named in the Lift of Commissioners, to be hung up in the said Court, to

attend the said Court as Commissioners for one Week next ensuing; and shall weekly summon the like

Number of Commissioners, as they shall (land in Order and Rotation upon the said Lilt.

IV. Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exclude Noneexchitfc*

Dr debar any of the Commissioners for the time being from fitting in the said Court, although such Com- fremiaingi

missioners shall not have been summoned, or (land in Rotation to be summoned, but that such Commission-

ers, if they think fitting so to do, shall and may fit, hear, determine, give Judgement, and make Orders

and Decrees in the said Court; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not-

withstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting Their fori*

as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken an Oath to the Effect following;

that is to say*

4 T A. B- do swear. That I will faithfully, Impartially, and honestly, according tathe bed of my Judge-

c X ment, hear and determine such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me, by virtue of an

c Act for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and Liberties of Bath\ in the*

4 County oi Somerset, without Favour, Affection, or Prejudice, to either Paity.’

Which Oath the Clerk of the said Court, or any of the Commissioners who shall have taken such Oath, is

hereby impowered and required to administer in open Court, and a Memorial thereof shall be entered in

the Registers of the said Court by the said Clerk.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Jacob Smith Gentleman, shall be and is citrk appointed

hereby appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requests, during-his good Behaviour, and shall have Power

from time to time to appoint a Deputy ; which said Clerk, or his Deputy, are hereby impowered and re-

quired to issue out all Summonses, Warrants, and Precepts, and to register all Orders, Decrees, and

Judgements*, of the said Court, and shall enter and register, or cause to be entered and registered, in

proper Books to be provided by him and kept for that Purpose* all the Acts and Proceedings of the said

Court.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That in case, by the Neglect or Refusal of If Commitow.

the said Commissioners* it shall happen that there shall not be a Quorum of three of the said Commission- cr#<1<>

ers assembled on any of the Days appointed for holding the said Court; it shall and may be lawful for the '^.urn tU*

Clerk for the time being of the said Court to adjourn the said Court to some other convenient Opportunity, Court!”

within one .Week from the Time within which the said Court ought to have been held.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Charles Blalchley and William Collins s.rSeanf|ap.

shall be and are hereby constituted and appointed Serjeants of the said Court of Requests, during their pointed,

good Behaviour, for the Service of Summonses, and executing such Orders, Warrants, and Precepts,

and doing and performing such other Acts, Matters, and Things, as are herein appointed to be done

by them.

IX. And.

