A.D. 1770.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

0» 22. ^93

aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of

them, from Time to "T ime, and they are hereby impowered, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or

Writings, under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage, for any certain Term or Number

of Years, the Revenue or Income to arise from the respective Rates or Assessments hereby granted, or any

Part or Parts thereof, to such Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who shall advance or lend the fame,

for securing the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money so by them to be borrowed, with Interest ;

or may fell and secure Annuities for Lives or otherwise, to be paid out of the said Rates and Afleilinents

in lieu of any Sum or Sums of Money to be by them borrowed or raised for the Ends and Purposes afore -

said ; and the Costs and Charges occasioned thereby shall be paid out of the said Revenue or Income.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, 7 hat it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall On pefault of

lend or advance any Money on the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments, in Default of Payment ofPaymfnt> Crcdi*

the principal Money they shall so lend, or the Interest thereof, or in Default of due Payment of any An- RatJ.

nuities that shall be secured to them thereupon (after Demand thereof made at any Meeting of the said * 3*

Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them) to collect, gather, and receive the said Rates or Assess-

ments by this Act granted, until such Persons shall have received all Principal and Interest, and all Sums

of Money which shall be due to them respectively by way of Annuity or Annuities or otherwise, and all

Costs and Expences attending the Collection and Receipt thereof, with the fame Powers in every Rcfpefl

for the collecting, gathering, and recovering the said Rates or Assessments for paying the said principal

Money, Interefh and Annuities, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the said Commis-

sioners, or any seven or more of them, could or might have collected the fame ; and the Persons liable to

such Rates or Assessments shall, in that Cafe, be justified in making Payments to the Mortgagees or

Annuitants.

L. And be it further enacted, That all Money which shall be borrowed or raised in pursuance of this -\ppilcacio« of

Ait, shall, as the fame shall come in and be received, be issued and applied from Time to Time for defray- Monies,

ing the necessary Expences, first of obtaining this Act, and afterwards of carrying the fame into Execution,

and to or for no other Ufc or Purpose whatsoever.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons to Arguments may

whom any Assignment or Assignments shall be made determined by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of bc translcrred*

them, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Monies to be le't and advanced, or an Annuity or

Annuities to be payable oil the Credit of this Act, or who shall be intitled to the Money thereby secured,

shall and may, from Time to Time, by proper Words to be indorsed on the Back of his, her, or their

Assignment or Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hands and Seals,

to be duly executed in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, assign or transfer his, her, or

their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit, to the Principal and Interest Money and Annuities thereby fe-

cured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever ; and fucir Assignce may, and is hereby

impowered to assign the fame again in like Manner, and so toties quoties.

tijhr TfottrmU or some other Newspaper circulated in the said City of Worcester. Money™1"8

Lin. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall. Office s to give

and are hereby required to take such Security from their Treasurers and Clerks for the due Execution of Security,

their respective Oifices, as to them shall seem meet; such Security to be taken in the Name or Names of

One or more of the said Commissioners.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners shall. Proceeding to

from Time to Time, he fairly written and entered in proper Books to be kept for those Purposes ; and bc cnlcrai iq

that all such. Books shall, at any Meetings of the said Commissioners, be open to the Inspection of any Books*

Person rated and paying to the said Rates or Afl'cflments ; and all such Orders an I Proceedings so entered,

shall be signed by Seven or more of the said Commissioners, and shall be deemed Originals ; and the fame, Books may be

or Extradb thereof, shall be admitted to be read as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, in all causes, Suits, Evidence,

and Actions, touching any Thing to be done in Pursuance and under the Authority of this Act.

LV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 7'hat between the Twenty-fourth D>.y o^ "June and Monies to be

Twenty-ninth Day of September, in every Year, a fair and just Account shall be made out of all Monies accnmtfd fd*

received and paid by virtue of this Act, and how, to whom, when, and for what Purposes, the fame anuua

shall have been laid out and expended 5 and a Copy or Duplicate thereof, signed by Seven or more of the

said Commissioners so assembled as aforesaid, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the said Commissioners,

who is hereby required to permit any Person rated or assessed as aforesaid, to inspect the fame at all season-

able Times, paying One Shilling for such Infpcdiion; and shall, upon Demand, forthwith give Copies

of the fame, or any Part thereof, to any such Person, paying at the Rate of 7'hree-pence for every hun-

dred Words, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number; which Account, and Copy or Du-

plicate, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to

cau'c to bc written out, and signed and delivered accordingly. N

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and fer any One or more Justice Jufiiccs todetet-

or Jib ices of the Peace of and for the said City of Worcester, to hear and determine the Complaint of urine DiiTcicncw.

any of the Offences (not herein directed to be otherwise heard) which are made subject to, and punishable

by, any pecuniary Penalties directed by this Act ; and upon any Information and Complaint (which shall,

in all Cafes, be made within Ten Days after the Offence committed) exhibited before him or them, or

at y other Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said City, at such Time and Piace ns shall be therein

appointed i and, upon the Appearance, or Contempt of the Party accused in not appearing accruing to

tire

