528 C. ir, i2,13*

Anno nono Georgii III.

A.D. 1769*

c found very inconvenient, and is productive of many frivolous and vexatious Suits, and is also detri-,

* mental to the Revenue: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it en-

acted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

XeM of so That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act as restrains any Person keeping any

™uch °^thereTnn, Tavern, Alehouse, or Victualing house, or felling Wine, Ale, Beer, or any other Liquors, by

nrainsAian1«tT-^eta^’ from Prickly using, or exposing to be used, in such his or her House, any wrought or manu-

ers and others^factured Plate whatsoever, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof, shall be and is hereby repealed and made void

from publickly to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

using wrought or manufactured Plate.

Inf! emnification II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons what-

«f Persons sued soever, against whom any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, hath been brought in any of His

fm ed"b !o Majesty’s Courts of Records at Westminster, for any Penalty incurred by Reason of the said Act of King

oi'the said A?[on ^l^iarn the Third, for having publickly used, or exposed to be used, in his, her, or their House, any

' wrought or manufactured Plate whatsoever, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof, shall be, and is and are

hereby indemnified, freed, apd discharged, from arid against all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred for or

by reason of having publickly used, or exposed to be used. In his, her, or their House, any wrought or

manufactured Plate whatsoever, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof; any Thing in the said Act of King

William the Third contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

they paying such IIL Provided always. That all Costs incurred in prosecuting and carrying on any such Action of Debt,

Costs of suit a« Plaint, or Information, shall be borne and discharged by the Person or Persons against whom any

have been incur. such A(ftion of Debt> Bi)1> p]aint? or Information, hath been brought.

except in Cafe* IV. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to

where final extend, to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgment shall have been given in any Action of

Judgement shall Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty*s Courts of Record, for any Penalty or For*

d^obt^nedfor" ^c*turc incurred by reason of the said Act of King William the Third, for having publickly used, or ex-

the°PMi!tv or posed to be used, in his, her, or their House, any wrought or manufactured Plate whatsoever, or any

X‘ Utensil or Vessel thereof.

Persona sued may V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint,

Gene-°r Information, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be brought, carried on, or prosecuted, against

ft ue# any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and

against all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by reason of the said Act of King William the Third, for or

on account of having publickly used, or exposed to be used, in his, her, or their House, any wrought

or manufactured Plate whatsoever, or any Utensil or Vessel thereof, such Person or Persons may plead

the General Issue; and, upon their Defence, give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any

Trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. XII*

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments with-

in the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and to indemnify Mem-

bers, and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted

to be stamped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing

them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped. EXP,

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the better Paving, Clear.sing, Lighting, and Watching, the Liberty of Saint

Martin Le Grand, within the City and Liberty of IVeJlmitiJler, in the County of Middlesex\

and for preventing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

Tfcinbtti

CommissioT fcm

WHEREAS the Liberty of Saint Martin Le Grand, in the County of ATiddlesex, is an ancient Li-

berty, ahd is at present not properly cleansed, lighted, or watched, and is subject to Ob-

ftruClions and other Annoyances: And whereas it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the.

said Liberty, and to all Persons having Estates therein, if proper Persons were appointed Commissioners,

with Powert to cauft the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places uith*

in the fame, to be properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and all ObstruCtiorts and Annoyan-

ces, therein removed arid prevented for the future; but the fgveral Purposes aforesaid cannot be eftedted

without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted;’

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament act'embled, and by the Autho-

rity of the fame, That the Dean of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter Westminster, for the Time be»ng*

the High Stewad and Deputy Steward of the City and Libe-uy of Westminster and Liberty of Saint

Alartin Le Grand for the Time being; such Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of We/lminjhr

for the Time being as reside within the said Liberty of Saint Marlin Le Grand, and the Headboroughs

of the said Liberty of Saint Martin Le Grand for the Time being; together with George Johnston Esquire,

3 Charles

