A.D. 1769.

Anno nono Georgii III.

G. 42. 637

for raising, levying, orcollecting the Proportion of the said Sum of Five Pounds per Man, to be raised by citIee> Towns»

the County to which the said Cities, Towns, or Places are united for the Purposes aforesaid ; the Directions arc

herein before given for raising, levying, and collecting the Proportion, and the said Sum of Five Pounds thTmichVs, and

per Man, within such Cities, Towns, and Places, as do not contribute to the County Rate, {hall be pur-have no County

/tied and followed in all such Cities, Towns, or Places as are Counties of themselves. R-te.

XXX. 4 And whereas in fume Parts of the Kingdom there are Towns whi.h lie in Two Counties 51*1 Towns lying

c and Doubts may arise, whether such Towns are obliged to pay to both Counties the Sum of Five Pounds in,v,'Cjun: es*

4 in lieu of every Private Militia Man which shall not be raised by such Counties ;* be it therefore enacted, c

That where any Town lies in Two Counties, it {hall be lawful for the said Town to contribute their thatCointy only

Sjhiotay for and in lieu of raising the Militia, for that County only where the Church of the said Town is where their

situate; and the Deficiencies of the Rate, which the said Town would have paid, {hall be made up by theChurch (lands.

County in general, and not by the Division or Hundred where the said Town is situated.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Sum or Sums cf Money which ought to be paid by any T0^oM?ir

such City, Town, or Place, not rated to the County Rate as aforesaid, {hall not be paid to the Treasurer no^Cont/.huiori

of the respective County cr Place before the First Day of June in every Year, according to the true Intent t« the County

and Meaning of this Act ; the Justices of the Peace for such County or Place in which such City, Town, R-ue, ihaii not

or Place doth lie, {hall, and they are hereby required at their next Midsummer Quarter-sessions, to issue outPax lhc,T Q;oU

an Order to the Overseers of the Poor of each respective Parish or Place within such City, Town, and

Place, not rated to the County Rate as aforesaid, requiring such Overseers to certify and return to the said j.Xccs, at

Justices at the next Michaelmas Quarter-Oflions, the several Quota’s that each Parish or Place (within such their JViWura-

Ctly, Town, or Place, riot paying to the County Rates as aforesaid) pays to the Land-tax for that Year ; mer Sefli<nst

and such Overseers of the Poor are hereby required to make such Certificate and Return accordingly ; and

upon such Certificate and Return being made, the said Justices, so assembled at their Michaelmas Qjarter-

sections, are hereby authorised and reauired (by their Warrant, directed to any Constable or Tythingman chaeimas sefliorv

within such respeaive Parishes and Places) to.caule the fame to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods the rcf>eaive

and Chattels of any Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, of eachQ,ota s "* each

and every Parish or Place within such City, Town, or Place,not paying to the County Rate as aforesaid,ir»lh,&c.

rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after such Sum ?r wamn'^ihere-

Sums of Money, together with the reasonable Charges attending such Distress and Sale, {hall be fully paid^*^ icvvin5

and satisfied ; and such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor {hall be reimbursed the Sum and Sums the lam? «•» the

of Money so levied on them respectively, by the fame Ways and Means as Overseers of the Poor are reim- Churchwardens

bursed the Money by them expended for the Relief of the Poor by any Law now in being. wh^are^o be re-

;mburfcd at by a Poor-Rate.

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, That if the Militia {hall be raised in the Manner appointed by virtue of ll'c lVI li“

this Act, in all or any of the said Counties and Places, such respective Counties and Places shall, during the theVoiln-

Time the Militia are so raised, be exonerated, freed, and di charged from the Payment of the said Sums > ty Udischar^od

and the AfVeflments to be made in resp. & thereof {hall, during such Time, be suspended ; anything herein trom paying.

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And it is hereby enacted. That in every County and Place, wherein the Sum of Five Pounds Where the Pe-

per Man shall have been assessed and raised in Manner as is herein before directed, the Justices of the Peace n*by haf b€Cn

of every such County and Place shall, without Dcla^, cause such Sum and Sums of Money to be paid raised

to the Receiver-general of the Land-tax for such County and Place, in Manner as herein after is ney i,\0 bepaief

directed and required ; which Lid Sum or Sums of Five Pounds per Man, when paid as hereinafter is di-over forthwith

reded and required, shall be, and is hereby declared to be, in full Discharge for the Neglect and Failure,ro lEe Receiver

for not having raised and train d the Militia for such County or Place for the Year then next preceding. feneral-

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted. T hat the Treasurer or Treasurers for each such respective CountyTreafaiwtopijr

or Place, who {hall receive the said Sum of h ive Pounds per Man, {hall, and is and are hereby required for<^7u'cd withTa^

pay the fame to the Receiver-general of the Land-tax for such County or Place, within One Calendar, Month to the

Month after he or they {hall recxi .ethe lame ; and the ref'pedtive Receivers-general of the Land-tax of each Receivers-sene-

such County or Place, to whom such Money shall be paid, {hall give a Rec ipt for the fame to the Person r*4,» who are to

paying such Money, whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Payment ; and {hall, within^*rvfhe

Ten Days after the Receipt of such Sum and Sums of Money, certify such Receipt to the Lord High^

Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being; and {hall forthwith pjymentsyt^ft|ld

pay the fame into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer at IVejiminster, and distinguish, up >n every such Trejfury j ard

Payment, the Monies received by virtue of this A<t\ ; and the Monies so paid into the Receipt or His Ma- pay rhe Mo-.iir*

jesty’s Exchequer shall be kept separate and apart from all other Monies, to be accounted for yearly, and,nt°the Exchc-

Every Year, to Parliament, and to be applied and disposed of as Parliament shall dirciSR ,uer"

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar no Fee or Gra-No Fee tn he

tuity whatsoever {hall be given or paid, for or upon account of any Warrant which Ovll be made out forP“,d'thereupon

any Sum of Money which shall be paid into His Majesty’s Exchequer, or issued in relation to or in pur-*u'rr Exchc’

fuance of this Act

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of His ’Majesty’s Treasury, or the High Trea-^"1^3*^0^

surer for the Time being, are hereby authorised to allow to the Lid P*eceiver-general for such County and^

Place rclpedivelyt in En^landy IValu^ and Berwick upon Tweed, upon the clearing of his Accounts, a

«tion clearing

Salary iheir Acccunrs

