696 C. 23.

Anno decimo Georgii III.

A. D. 1770.

the Cirnniii-

fioneii*

Powers -to ad-

journ.

shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts

of Record, within Six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed; wherein no Protection, Ef-

foin, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

F.rft Meennjof VJ# And ke jt further enacted, That the Commissioners for putting this Act: in Execution, or any Se-

ven or more of them, shall meet together in the Vestry-room at the Court-house in the said Parish on the

Second Monday next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two

in the Afternoon, and shall proceed to the Execution of this Act; and shall then, and from Time to

Time afterwards, adjourn themfedves to meet at the Place aforesaid, or at any other Place or Places with-

in the said Parish, as such Commissioners shall think: proper or convenient for putting this Act in Exe-

cution ; and of which Adjournment Notice in Writing, or printed, and iigned by the Clerk or Clerks,

shall he given to or left for such Commissioners at their last or usual Place or Places of Abode One Day

at least before such intended Meeting: And if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meet-

ing which shall be appointed to be had or held by such Commissioners, a sufficient Number of such Com-

rmdioners as are hereby appointed to constitute a Quorum to Act at such Meeting, and to adjourn to ano-

ther Day, then and in such Cafe the CLrk or Clerks of such Commissioners for the Time being shall

and is, and he or they is and are hereby respectively required to summon such Commissioners to meet at

the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to be held, within Eight Days next after the Day on

which such Meeting was to have been held as aforesaid; such Summons to be in Writing, or printed,

and signed by the Clerk or Clerks, and to be delivered at the last or usual Place of Abode of fuen Com-

missioners, at least Two Days before such next Meeting ; and in case the said Clerk or Clerks shall hap-

pen to die before such Summons issued, or shall neglect to issue such Summons in Manner aforesaid, then the

Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to such Commissioners {hall and may, and he or they is and

Cormrinioners to arc hereby required to issue such Summons within Eight Days from the Time the said Commissioners

defray their own ought to have been summoned by the Clerk or Clerks in Manner aforesaid ; and such Commissioners shall

txpences. at t^cjr Meetings pay their own Expences.

Orders, &c. to be VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings

Book and*fizned. Commissioners from Time to Time shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Pur-

* pose, and signed by the Chairman for the Time being at their next Meeting; and such Orders shall then

Books may be be deemed and taken to be original Orders ; and such Book or Books shall and may be produced and rc.id

1 cad in Evidence, in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

No valid VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Act of such Commis-

unless done^t floners shall be valid, unless done or made at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, where

ing? C eC ’ either Five, Seven, Nine, or more Commissioners (as may be necessary under any Part of this Act) shall

be present.

Majority present IX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That all the Powers and Authorities by this

At pubi.ck Meet- granted to or vested in such Commissioners, shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by the

ing?, may a . major part Qf them who shall attend any public Meeting to be holden as herein before mentioned;

the Number of such Commissioners present at such public Meetings, not being less than Five (except

where a greater Number is declared necessary by this Act); and all the Orders and Proceedings of the

major Part of such Commissioners, present at such publick Meetings, shall have the fame Force and Ef-

fest as if done or made by all such Commissioners for the Time being.

Part of Tybum X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the parting of this Act,

K<>ad fubirtfed that Part of Tyburn Road, or Oxford Road or Street, which lies in the several Parishes of Saint George Hch

to jur.iditfion of nover Square, Saint James, and Saint Anne, within the Liberty of Westminster, shall, for the Purpose of

t^onjmissioners, paving, cleansing, and enlightening, be deemed and taken to be within the said Parish of Saint Mary \e

Bone, and shall be subject to the Orders, Controul, and Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners; and that

the foie Power and Authority of pitching, paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets,

Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewfes, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the said Parish of Saint Alary le Bm,

and also all Oxford Road or Street, and all the Ground or Pavement belonging to the Corner Houses or

Stables, Walls, or void Spaces of Ground, or other Premises where the fame, or any Part thereof, front

Oxford Road or Street aforesaid; and also all new Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Mewfes, Alleys,

Passages, and Places within the Limits aforesaid, which now are or hereafter may be built or begun to be

built on or on any Part or Parts thereof, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby vested in the said Com-

mi ffi oners.

XI. Ar.d be it further enacted, That the Property of the said Pavements, Lamps, Iron, Timber, Fur-

niture, and all other Materials and Things which shall be made Use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall

be and the fame Is hereby veiled in the Commissioners for the Time being ; and they, or any Five or more

of them, arc hereby authotifed and impowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in

the Name or Names of any One or more of then, or ro prefer and order and direct the preferring ofln-

distments against any Person or Persons who {hall steal, take, or carry away any or any Part of such

Materials or Things; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break up, destroy, or

otherwise damage or fpcil any of the said Materials or Things, or any of the Works done in pursuance

of this Act or any Part or Paris thereof, every Person so oilending therein, and being thereof convicted

by the Oath of One or more Witness or VVitncfies before any One or more Justice or Justices of the

Peace for the County of Middlesex, or for the City and Liberty of JP^JiminJicr, as the Cafe shall be, shall,

for the First Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, and

for the Set end and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds, nor less than Twenty

Shillings, to be levied and recovered by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offen-

der, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the justice or Justices before whom such

3 Coaviftiou

I tv of

iW r, n <tj-

Work?,

to levied by

D'lirow ar.d

