A.D. 1675. Anno quint© Georgii III. C. 12. 29

for, by such Per ton or Persons, whereby he or they shall fuftaia any Damage or Prejudice ; in every forfeit* Treble tfce Sums

i jeh Cale, every such (Officer shall be liable to pay Treble the Value of all and every Sum and Sums or mifiipplied,

of Money so diverted or misapplied ; and shall also be liable to pay Treble Damages to the Party "£c !rie*Td *

g ieved, by returning him in/ufer. 1

E. And be it fuuher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners, Receiver or Receiver* General of the

Receivers G'neial, or other Person or Perlonf, who shall be respcdlivdy employed in Great Britain, Duties to exhibit their

in the dittoing, receiving, or paying, the Monies arising by the Duties hereby granted, shall, and Account* to the Audi-

are hcicbv required, between the tenth Day of October and the fifth Day of yanuury following, and

io from ^ car to Year, ycaJv, at ihofe limes, to exhibit their respective Accounts thereof to his Ma- 1*" yearly, to be decltr-

j.-fly's Auditors of the lirprcft in England for the time being, or one of them, to be declared before ed before theTreafuty

the High Tre.Turer, or Commissioners of the Treasury and Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time and Exchequer,

being, actorjt.ig to the Courlc of the Exchequer.

I i. And b * it further enacted by t!ie Authority aforesaid, That if the said Commissioners for ma- Commissioner* or Re-

naming the said Duties, or the said Receiver cr Receivers General, shall neglect or refuse to pay into ceiver* General not duly

the Exchequer all or any of the said Monies, in such Manner as they are required by this Act to PaX*n* fheMonie* into

pay the fame, or shall divert or n.ifuppiy any Part thereof; then they, and every of them fothe E*hc<lueJj FV*

t»ffcnding, shall be liable to pay double the Value of all and every Sum and Sums of Money so ©ffiYabVto pay Double

divined or misapp.icd. . the Value of the Sum*

n.ifapplled.

LII. And be it further rnacled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Comptroller or Comptrollers Comptroller of the Du-

for the time being of the Duties hereby impok d, shall keep perfect and distinct Accounts, in Books of the M^ieVarifing10*

fairly written, of all the Monies arising by the said Duties; and if any such Comptroller or Comp* thereby, on Penalty of

trollers (Pail negleiSf his or their Duty therein, then he or they, for every such Offence, shall forfeit tool,

the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

L11I. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies which shall arise Diltielt^* thereoa

by the fevcial Rates and Duties hereby granted (except the necessary Charges of raising, collccting, excepVcdjto^V*^®

recovering, answering, paying, and accounting for the fame, and the necessary Charges from time to the Exchequer aparr,

time incurred in relation to this Act, and the Lxccution thereof) shall be paid into the Receipt of his »nd referred for the Di£

Majesty’s Exchequer, and shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies, and shall be Pofuioa of Parliament,

there teferved to be from time to time disposed of by Parliament, towards further defraying the nccef- *c#

fiiry Expen :es of defending, protecting, and securing, the said Colonies and Plantations.

4 E1V. And whereas it is proper that fomc Provision should be made for Payment of the necessary Charges attending the

* Ex pence* which have been, and shall be incurred in relation to this Act, and the Execution thereof, locution of this act

4 and of the Orders and Rules to be established under the Authority of the same, before the said Duties 'to'be^aid cu^of

* shall take effect, or the Monies arising thereby shall be diffident to discharge such Expences ;* Be the sinking Fund, by

it therefore en-ded by the Authority ; fore said, That his Majesty may, and he is hereby impowered Warrant from the King,

by any Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, at any Time or Times before the Twen- at any Time

tiem Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, to cause to be issued and paid out of any jJ^nSwVo be repaid out

of the Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Monies, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly of°the*Dutie*.

Called 7he SinnKg Funcly (except such Monies of the said Sinking Fund as arc appropriated to any

particular Ule or Uses by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) such Sum and Sums

of Money as shall be necessary to defray the said Expences ; and the Monies so issued shall be reim-

bursed, by Payment into the Exchequer of the like Sum or Sums out of the first Monies which shall

srt-c by vnrue of this Act; which Monies, upon the Payment thereof into the Exchequer, shall be

carried to the Accounr, ar.J made Part of the said Fund.

LV. And it is hereby further enacted and dechrcd. That all the Powers and Authorities by this Three CommifTontn

Aw‘l granted to the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and impoweicd to act.

Paper, shall and may be fully anJ effectually carried into Execution by any three, or rfioie of the

Li I Commissioners ; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

EVE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, T hat all Forfeitures and Penalties Penalties and Forfeiture*

incurred after ihe twenty-ninth Day of 4September, one thousand (even hundred and sixty-five, for Of- incurred after l^scp-

fences comm tted ng.iinil an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, tember»for5),rcn*

intituled, 4 An Act (or granting certain Duties in the British) Colonies and Plantations in An:erica, £fS Act* <0’*'

4 for continuing, amending, and making pciprtual, an Act pa (led in the Sixth Year of the

4 Reign of his late Maicfiy King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and rn-

4 e-.nt S'fng the ‘trade cf his Majestys Sugar Colonies in America; for applying the Produce of such

4 Duties, and of the Duties to arilc by virtue of the said Act, towaids debasing the Exigences of

* defending, piutccline, and securing, the find Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act

4 nude in the twenty-filth Yrar of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intr ded. An Act for the

4 E.eourannunt rf the Go-..land and Eafilarid TradeSy and for the better fiuiing 0 : PI nt&thn 7 iudc\

4 ar <! •( r nluuing ani ditallowirg several Drawbacks on Exports from this King lom, and more

4 cd t ctually preventing the clar defiinc Conveyance of Goods to and from the fin 1 t'domes and Plan*

4 tabons, ;.nd imprmn gaud securing the Trade between the fame and Great Brii.iinf and for Of-

fence*. commut'd ug lin.t any ot cr Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade or Revenues of

the (..id Colonic: 01 Plantations ; shall and may be prosecuted, find for, and recovered, in any Court where to le proAcuted

c>f Record, or m any Court of Admiralty, in the respective Co! .ry or iJlan^ati(»n v. here the Ufieiue anJ r«ovocd.

Erall Ik* C' urmttcJ, or in any Court of Vice Admiraitv appointed or so be appointed, and winch fin ill

have Junfdidtruji within such Colony, Plantation, or Place, (which Courts oi* AJiiuraliy or Vice Ad-

m:;a’ty

