The TITLES of the STATUTES.

37. An Act for laying certain Duties upon Gum Senega and

Gum Arabic imported into or exported from Great Bri-

tain^ and for confining the Exportation of Gum Senega

from Africa to Great Britain only.

38. An Act to continue Part of an Act made in the thir-

tieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the

several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Prefer-

vat ion of the Publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of this

Kingdom \ and for making further Provisions for the Pre-

iervation of the said Roads.

39. An Act for more effectually preventing the Mischiefs

arising to the Revenue and Commerce ot Great Britain

and Ireland, from the Illicit and Clandestinc Trade to

and from the ljle of Man.

40. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Sinking Fund; for applying certain

Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five ; for further

appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seflton of Par-

liament ; for allowing to the Receivers General of the

Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland a Re-

ward for their Trouble ; and for allowing further Time

to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affida-

vits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attor-

nirs and Solicitors.

41. An Act for the Relief of Info! vent Debtors,

42. An Act for redeeming one-fourth Part of the Joint

Stock of Annuities established by an Act made in the

third Year of his present Majesty* Reign, in respect of

several Navy, Victuaiiing, and Transport Bills, and

Ordnance Debentures.

43. An Act for the better securing, and further Improve-

ment, of the Revenue of Customs, Excise, Inland, and

Salt Duties ; and for encouraging the Linen Manufac-

ture of the If* of Man ; and for allowing the Importa-

tion of several Goods the Produce and Manufacture of

the said Bland, under certain Restrictions and Regu-

lations.

44 An Act for repealing the Act made in the last Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act for ve/ling the Fort ofS cne-

gal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Alerchants

trading to Africa; and to vest as well the said Forts and

its Dependencies, as all other the British Forts and

Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the

Port of Sallee and Cazt Rouge, together with all the Pro-

perty, Estate, and Effects, of the Company of Mer-

chants trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts,

Settlements, and their Dependencies, in his Majesty ;

and for securing, extending, and improving, the Trade

to Africa.

45. An Act for more effectually securing and encouraging

the Trade of his Majesty’s American Dominions ; for re-

pealing the Inland Duty on Coffee, imposed by an Act

made in the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King

George the Second ; and for granting an Inland Duty on

all Coffee imported (except Coffee of the Growth of the

British Dominions in America) ; for altering the Bounties

and Drawbacks upon Sugars exported ; for repealing

Part of an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his said

late Majesty, whereby Bar Iron made in the said Domi-

nions was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain,

or carried Coastwise; and for regulating the Fees of Of-

ficers of the Customs in the faiJ Dominions.

46. An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admissions

into Corporations or Companies; and for further fe-

curing and improving the Stamp Duties in Gnat Bri-

tain*

47. An Act for encreasing the Fund for Payment of the

Sums of Money directed, by an Act made in the thirty-

second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, to be applied in Augmentation of the Sala-

ries of the Puisne fudges in the Court of King's Bench,

the Judges in the Court of Common Pleas, the Barons of

the Coif in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and

the Justices of Chester, and the Great Sessions for the

Counties of Wales for the time being ; and for applying

certain Sums in Augmentation of the Salaries of the said

Judges and Justices, and of the Judges in the Courts of

Session and Exchequer in Scotland, for a certain Time

previous to the Commencement of the Augmentation*

established by the said Act.

48. An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Foreign ma-

nufaftured Silk Stockings, Silk Mitts, and Silk Gloves,

into Great Britain, and the British Dominions; and for

rendering more effectual an Act Daffed in the third Year

of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining,

amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act made ia

the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Henry, the*

Seventh, intituled, Silk Works.

4?. An Act to prevent the Inconveniencies arising from the

present Method of issuing Notes and Bills by the Banks,

Banking Companies, and Bankers, in that rart of Great

Britain called Scotland,

50. An Act to enlarge the Powers of, and to render more

effectual, the several Acts passed in the second, third*

and fourth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for

Paving, Cleansing, Lighting, and otherwise Regulating,

the Squares, Streets, and other Places, within the City'

and Liberty of Westminster, and other Parts in the said.

Acts mentioned ; and for extending the Provisions of the

said Acts to the Surry Side of Westminster Bridge ; and

for enlarging the Powers of the said Act* with respect to*

Squares.

51. An Act for repealing several Laws relating to the Ma-

nufafture of Woollen Cloth in the County of York ; andi

also so much of several other Laws, as prescribes parti-

cular Standards of Width and Length of such Woollen*

Cloths; and for substkuting other Regulations of the

Cloth Trade within the Welt Riding of the raid County*

for preventing Frauds in certifying the Contents of the*

Cloth; anJ for preserving the Credit of the said Manu~

fafturc at the Foreign Market.

52. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading

from the Town.of Wadhurf, in the County of Suffer, ta

the Turnpike Road at J.amberhurst Pound and Pullen's-

Hill, in the County of Kent; and from the Top of Pul-

lens Hslly through the Parishes of Horfmonden, Mardeny.

Taldeny and Well Farleyto West Farley Street, in the

said County of Kent.

53. An Act for continuing the Terms of several Acts, and

for giving further Powers for repairing the Road from

Chatteris Ferry to Hammond's Eau and Somerjham Bridgeyt

and for amending and widening the Road from Sonur~

Sham Bridge to the Sheep Market in Saint Ives; and also*

the Road branching out of the said Road near Stocks

Bridge^ through Needingworth to Earithy in the County

of Huntingdon.

54. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from*

Dunham Ferry, to the South End of Great AlarkJjum;

Common, in the County of Nottingham.

55. An Act to continue the Term, and to vary and enlarge

the Powers, of an Act passed in the-twenty fi*th Ycai of

his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wailing-

ford, in the County of Berksy to lVantagey and from*

thence to Faringd)ny and also from Wantage to IdJonx iru

tho:

