758 C. 36. Anno decimo Georgii III. A.D. 1770.

t:.c t 11 wing II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the said Twelfth Day of

^,ni* f° hc Februaryi One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, there shall and may be issued ahd paid to the

out oVthe Sup- ^ovcrnor ai‘d Company of the Bank of England\ the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds,

granted ' (!ut of or any the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament (except any particular Aid or

this s'ejli. n, viz. Supply v\hich hath been or shall be in the same Session specially and intirely appropriated to any other

on or before particular Use or Purpose); which Sum shall be, by the said Governor and Company, applied arid paid

J2 irh’ over for discharging the said principal Sum of One million five hundred thousand pounds. Part of the said

Jc'.*Cpphed°in ait- $um of ^Millions, raised under the Authority of the said Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of His

cWiiMg Part of late Majesty s Reign, and for redeeming the said Annuities after the Rate of Three founds ten Shillings

3.000,000 1. per Centum, attending on the fame.

ra.fcd oy Act 29 Geo. 2. and redeeming attendant Annuities;

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the said Twelfth Day of

February, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, there shall and may, by Order of the Commis-

fionersof the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being,

without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf, be issued and paid

at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by

way of Imprest, and upon Account, out of the Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus-monies, commonly

md fomtich out called The Sinking Fund, such Sum of Money as shall be necessary for the Discharge of the said Annuities

fund' determined by wiy attending on the said Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, from the Fifth Day of January,

vMmprei^zs One thousand seven hundred and sevency-one, to the said Twelfth Day of February, One thousand seven

Anil be neref- hundred and seventy-one inclusive; which Sum shall be applied by the said Governor and Company in

Giy to difeha:ge discharge of such Annuities accordingly, at the fame Time that the respective Principal Monies, composing

artndW^oIi* l^e ^alc* ^um ®ne m^on ^ve hundred thousand Pounds, shall be paid and satisfied; and that all such

the Vim of Annuities in respect of, or attendingon the fame, shall cease and be extinguished, from the said Twelfth

1,500,000 1. Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

from 5 Jan. to 12 Feb. 1771, incluhve. Bank to apply the fame nccoidingly, and Annuities to cease.

Annuities to be IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if all or any Part of

pud up to the the said Principal Monies, composing the said Sam of One million five hundred thousand Pounds Capital

Day appointed and Joint Stock hereby intended to be redeemed, shall be paid and satisfied at the Bank of England before

Twelfth Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, the said Governor and

n crc Company shall notwithstanding the fame pay, and they are hereby impowered to pay, in respect of the

Principal Monies so discharged, the full Sum which the said Annuities attending the fame would have

amounted to on the said Twelfth Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one} any

Thing herein, or in any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing

herein contained shall be deemed orconftrued to extend to any the Annuities after the Rate of Three

Pounds per Centum per Annum attending on the Sum of Hve hundred thousand Pounds, being the

Residue of the said Sum of Two millions, raised by the said Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of His

__________ late Majesty, and thereby added to the Joint Stock of Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum

raised by Acti$per Annum, transferable at the Bank of England, and not hereby intended to be redeemed; but that the

Ceo. 2. &c. fame shall continue subject to a Redemption by Parliament, and charged and chargeable upon the said

Sinking Fund; and shall be paid thereout in such Manner as the fame is now charged and payable, as if this

Act had never been made; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary noewithstandine.

No Member of VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and

cur an^Dirab*"’ Company, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability or Penalty for or by reason of his or their

cur any j a 1. jQing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any

Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in

pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained; such Person or Persons shall and

may plead the General Issue, and give the (pccial Matter in Evidence for his and their Defence: And if

a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or

their Action, or be Nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him or them upon Demurrer or other-

wife; then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

Thi? A & not to

ext«nd to the

Annuities at-

tending the

Kcfidue of the

a,000.000 1.

lity in re!pc&

of this A&.

General I flue.

^Treble Costs.

CAP.

