The TITLES of

"King George the Second, concerning the Qualification of

*JuJiices of the Peace, and for eth er Purposes therein men-

tioned) as directs the taking of certain Oaths by Justices

of the Peace, on the iHiiing of any new Commission of

the Peace.

ic. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Defcrtion ; and for

the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

11. An A cf for allowing the Importation of Wheat and

Wheat Flour, free of Duty, from any Part of Europe,

for a further Time than is allowed by any Act made in

this Session of Parliament; and for permitting the free

Importation of Barley, Barley-meal, and Pulse, into this

Kingdom, for a limited Time.

12. An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Du-

ties payable upon the Importation of TallovV, Hogs-

lard, and Greale.

13. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine

Forces while on Shore.

14. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of

the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven.

15. An Act for giving further Time to his Majesty’s Lieu-

tenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices, and Clerks of the

Peace, and others, for carrying into Execution certain

Parts of an Act passed in the last Section, for Pay and

Cloathing of the Militia; and for indemnifying such

Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, and Clerks of the

Peace, and others, who have neglected to carry such

Parts of the said Act into Execution.

16. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one

thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven.

17. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-lifth

Day of Alar eh, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-

seven ; for the more effectually punching Serjeants,

Drummers, and Filers, for Mifbehnviour r.nd Desertion ;

for securing Deserters from the Militia Regiments; and

for explaining and amending so much of an Act passed

in the Lift Selfton of Parliament, as relates to inlisting

Militia Men into his Majesty’s other Forces.

18. An Act to enable the Trustees of the British) Museum

to exchange, fell, or dftpofe of, any Duplicates of

primed Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiofnies;

and for laying out the Money arising by fncfi Sale in the

Purchase of other Things that may be wanting in, or

proper for, the said Museum.

19. An Act to enable his Majesty to settle certain An-

nuities on their Royal Kighndies the Dukes of York,

Gloucester, and Cumberland.

to. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties

upon Bjft, or Str.iv/, Chip, Cane, and Horse Hair Hats

and Bonnets, and upon certain Materials lor making the

fame, imported into thF Kingdom,

a 1. An Act to obviate Inconvenier.cies which rmv arise

with respect to the Execution of teveral Acts of Pat La-

ment in such Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Fran-

chifes, and Liberties, as have only one Justire of the

Peace of the Quorum qualified to act within the l ime.

22. An Act for further allowing the Importation of Wheat

and Wheat flour. Barley, Bailey-me.1, and Pulfc, free

of Duty, into this Kingdom from any Part of Europe,

2 ;. An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admea-

surement of Coals, sold by Wharf Mcalure, within the

City of London, and the Liberties thereof; and between

Tower Dock and LUnchouse Hole, in the County of Mid-

dhftx.

the STATUTES.

24. An Act for raising the Sum of one million five hun-

dred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities, and a Lot-

tery attended with Annuities, to be charged on the

Sinking Fund.

25. An Act for redeeming one fourth Part of the Joint

Stock of Annuities eft iblished by an Act made in the

third Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An

Act for grantin'* to his Alaje/ly several additional Duties

upon IVir.cs imported into this Kingdom ; and certain Duties

upon ail Cyder and Perry ; and for raising the Sum cf three

millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities

and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties.

26. An Act for redeeming the Remainder of the Joint

Stock of Annuities establfthcd by an Act made in the

third Year of his preiVnt Majesty’s Reign, in respect of

several Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and

Oidnance Debentures.

27. An Act for extending the Royalty of the City of

Edinburgh over certain adjoining Lands ; and for giving

Powers "to the Magistrates of Edinburgh for the Benefit

of the said City ; and to enable his Majesty to grant

Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre in the City of

Edinburgh, or Suburbs thereof.

28. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties

upon certain Linen Cloth imported ; and for carrying

such Duties, together with the additional Duties granted

in this Section of Parliament upon the Importation of

Bast or Straw, Chip, Cane, and Horse-hair Hats and

Bonnets, and certain Materials for making the same, to

the Sinking Fund.

29. An Act for explaining an Act made in the twenty-

ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, to prevent

Extortion in Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, and Bailiffs of

Franehilcs or Libeities, in Cafes of Execution.

30. An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice,

Sago Powder, and Vermicelli, into this Kingdom, from

his Majesty’s Colonies in North America, for a limited

Time.

31. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to

qualify themselves for Offices and Employments ; and

to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants,

and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted

to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the

Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for

those Purposes ; and to indemnify Members and Offi-

cers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns,

whose Admis'iOns have been omitted to be stamped

according to Law, or. having been stamped, have been

lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide

Admissions duly stamped ; and to give further Time to

such Persons as have omitted to make and fiic Affidavits

of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attorniea

and Solicitors.

32. An Act for applying the Money granted, in this SeF-

lion of Parliament, for carrying on an additional

Building for a more commodious PTIage to the House

of Commons, from Saint Alar gar ei s Lane and Old

Palace J'ard.

53. An Act to inforce, in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, the Execution of an Act of the loft Section oF

Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several

Duties' upon Houses, If in^oi-s.. and Lights ; and for grant-

ing to his Majesty ether Duties up n Hovfcs, Ji indews, and

Lights \ and foi explaining the said Act.

3|. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of

Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of

Proto ft ant Purchasers.

35- An

