258 'C; 46.

Anno sexto Georgi III.

A.>D. 1766.

Licence being

first had from

the Treasury ;

ind the Ex-

portet giving

Bond with Se-

ttle fame j

and producing

a Certificate

within 1

Months .v

Gums not to be

Gfim Arabic, the whole Quantity to be exported of both the said Gums, do not exceed thirty Tons Weight Averdupois

rmt exceeding30 *in any one Year, without paying any Custom or Duty for or upon the Exportation thereof; provided

Year-many °ne Notice be first given to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the

* time being, of the Quantity of such Gums respeilively so intended to be exported, with the Name of

the Ship and Master in which the fame is to be laden, and the Port in Inland in which the fame is intended

to be carried ; and a Licence for that Purpose is taken under the Hands of the said Commissioners of the

Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the said High Treasurer for. the time being, which Licence

he or they is and are hereby respeilively authorized and impowered to grant* any Law, Custom, or

Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, before any such Gums respec-

tively shall be shipped or landed on board any Ship or Vefiel in Great Britain, to be exported to Ireland,

curity for the by virtue of such Licence as aforesaid, the Exporter shall give Bond, with sufficient Security, to his Ma-

due landing, &c. jesty> his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of three Pounds and ten Shillings for every hundred Weight

thereof, * of such Gums respeilively, that the fame, and every Part thereof, shall (the Danger of the Seas excepted}

be well and truly exported to, and landed at some Port in, the Kingdom of Ireland, to be named and ex-

and wtrehoufing pressed in such Bond; and, upon landing, be immediately lodged and secured in such Warehouse belong-

ing to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, cr

any three or more of them for the time being, shall direct and appoint; and to produce, within twelvp

Months from the Date of each respective Bond, to the Commissioners of the Customs, or the Principal

OfRcers of the Customs, at the Port where such Bond shall have been given, a Certificate under thp

Hands arid Seals of the Colleilor and Comptroller, or other Principal Officers of the Customs, at thp

Port where such Gums respeilively shall be landed and secured, that the fame have been so landed and de-

c livered into their Custody and Possession ; and the said Gums shall not be afterwards taken out of such

K^ns Ware- Warehouse, until the Owner or Proprietor of such Gums respeilively shall have given Bond, with suffi-

houL, tiUBond !cient Security, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of fifty Pounds for every hundred

and Security be Weight of such Gums respeilively, not to export the fame again from the Kingdom of Ireland, but to

given not to cx- use, fell, or dispose of the fame, in or for the Linen Manufaclufes of the said Kingdom, and for no other

port the fame, Use or Purpose whatsoever; and that he will not fell such Gums for any greater Price than he paid for

but to use or dif-the fame; which last-mentioned Bond shall continue in Force for one Year from and after the Date

f°khf LhC famC thereof; and in case no Fraud shall appear within that Time, it shall and may be lawful for the Commis-

Manut*aorci of ^loners of h‘s Majesty’s Revenue in Ireland, or any three or more of them, to direit the said Bond to be

the Kingdom,

See,

Commissioners

of the CuHoms

impowered to

toTrnportl<a cer-to g^nt Licence without Fee or Reward, in such Cafes as they shall think proper, to any Person or Per-

tain Quantity of fons to import into any Port in England from the Isle of Man, in British Ships navigated according to

Bugles from the Law, any Quantity of Bugles, not exceeding in the whole twenty-five thousand Pounds Weight Aver-

lfleoi M«n. dupois, which were imported into the said Isle of Man, before the first Day of March, one thousand seven

hundred and sixty-five ; so as Notice be given to the said Commissioners of the Quantities and Package of

such Bugles so intended to be imported, together with the Marks and Numbers thereof, with the Name of

the Ship and Master in which the fame are intended to be laden, and the Port into which they are in-

tended to be brought, and Proof be made by Oath of the Proprietor (or if the Proprietor be a Quaker,

by his Affirmation) and by th^ Oath of one other credible Person, of the Time when the Bugles, for which

such Licence is desired, were imported into the said Ife of Man,

Upon Entry rf "VIII. And be it further enacted. That upon Entry of any such Bugles, the Licence granted for im-

the Bugles, the porting the lame shall be delivered up determined by the Master, or other Person taking Charge of the Vessel, to the

Licence for In- i- ix__________.. _r ^ t_____r ..l a/p

porution to be

dtlivered up.

Bugles liable to

Duties, &c.

delivered up and cancelled.

VII. And be it further enailed by* the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful for the

Commissioners of the Customs in that Part of Great Britain called England, or any three or more of them,

at any Time before the twenty-first Day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, but no longer,

CliuGrs in two

Acts ot 33 Geo.

a. c. 9.

Act 3 3 Geo.

c/iS.

Sc $ Geo. 3.

c. 43.

See 5 Geo, 3

«. 30.

Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation, to be by such Officer

transmitted to the said Commissioners of the Customs to be cancelled ; and the said Bugles shall be liable

to the fame Duties, Restrictions, and Regulations, in all Refpeits, as Bugles imported into Great

Britain from Foreign Parts are now liable to by Law; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary

notwithstanding.

4 IX. And whereas by an Ail made in the thirty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the

4 Second, intituled. An Act for preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors, by laying additional Duties

4 thereon ; for shortening the Prohibition of making Low JVines and Spirits from III) eat. Barley, Malt, or other

4 Grain, and from Meal, Flour, and Bran ; and for encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits; and

4 for more effectually ftcuring the Duties payable upon Spirits, and preventing the fraudulent Rclanding or lm~

4 portation thereof; the Exportation, as Merchandize-, of British made Spirits is limited to Vessels of one

4 hundred Tons at the Icaft : And whereas by another Ail made in the said thirty-third Year of his

4 said Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits of the Growth, Produce,

4 and Manufacture, of the British Sugar Plantations, from this Kingdom, and of British Spirits made from Me*

4 Losses; the Exportation of Rum and Spirits fromthis Kingdom, as Merchandize, of the Growth, Pro-

4 duce, and Manufacture, of the British Sugar Plantations, is also limited to Vessels of one hundred

4 Ions at the Icaft-: And whereas by an Ail made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An A:1

4 for the better securing, and further Improvement, of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland and Salt Duties;

4 and for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of the file of Man ; and for allowing the Importation of fevered

4 Goods the Produce and Manufacture of the said If and, under certain Rfrictions and Regulations; the Im-

4 portation

