be is to give a

Certificate for

the fame, Ac,

256 C. 45. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

untcft ?o case of cence of one or more of the principal Officers of Tuch Port or Place first had and obtained, orunlefs it

Di ft refs, they are be in case of Distress, to save the said Goods from perishing, the Goods (over and above the Penalty of

theritthVhe" Bond to ^ev*c<^ anc* recovered to his Majesty’$ Use as aforesaid) and treble the Value of such Goods,

penalty of \ht stall he forfeited and lost, and shall and may be prosecuted, recovered, and divided, in the Manner herein

Bond, and Tre- after mentioned.

ble Value.

The Bounty to V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Allowance shall and may be

be paid out of paid by the respective Customer or Collector, out of any Money in his Hands arising from Customs or

the Duties upon other Duties upon Hemp imported, or to be imported, from Parts beyond the Seas; and the Money so

b^the Customer accepted of in his or their Account as so much paid to his Majesty, and he and they is,

or Co!ieaor^Cr arc> an^ he, discharged thereof accordingly; and in case any Collector of the Customs in any Out

and in case of Port in South Britain, or of any Port in North Britain, shall not have Money sufficient in his Hands to

want of Money, pay such Bounty, that then every such Collector shall, if thereunto required, forthwith, without Fee or

k.;.— - Reward, give to the Person or Persons intitled to such Bounty, a Certificate under his Hand, attested by

the Comptroller, certifying to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs in London, if such Cordage is

exported from any Port in that Part of Great Britain called England, or to the Commissioners of his Ma-

jesty’s Customs at Edinburgh, if such Cordage is exported from any Port in that Part of Great Britain

called Scctlandy that he hath not Money in his Hands sufficient to pay the said Bounty, and also what is

due for the fame to such Person or Perions; and upon producing such Certificate, and the Debenture of

the Cordage exported, the said rejnedive Commissioners of the Customs shall cause to be paid, without

Fee or Reward, by the Receiver General, or Cashier of the Customs at London or Edinburgh respectively,

to the Person or Persons producing every such Certificate and Debenture, the Sum or Sums of Money so

certified to be due, out of the Monies arising from any of the Duties, Revenues, and Customs, under the

Management of such respective Commissioners; and if the Receiver General, or Caftiier of* the Customs

at Edinburgh, shall not have Money sufficient in his Hands to pay the Bounty so certified to be due, the

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs at Edinburgh, or any three of them, shall forthwith, without

Fee or Reward, give such Exporter, or Seller for Exportation, a Certificate certifying the fame to the

Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs at London, which Certificates being affixed to the Debentures for

the Bounty of the said Cordage so exported, and being produced to the said Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Customs at London, they the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required, on Demand by such

Exporter or Seller for Exportation, or other Person legally authorized to receive the same, that shall

bring such Certificate and Debenture, to cause the Money thereby certified to be due to be paid by the

Receiver General, or Cashier of the Customs, without Fee or Reward, out of the Monies that shall be in

his Hands arising from any of the Duties, Kevenues, and Customs, payable on Foreign rough Hemp,

under the Management of the said Commissioners at Londow

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bounty intended to be

given by this A St shall not extend to Cordage remanufactured from any Sort of old Cables, old Ropes,

or old Cordage whatsoever, commonly called Twice layed Cordage.

_r______r VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the

tion, or ceasing Customs or other Duties now payable on the Importation of Foreign rough Hemp, shall, during the Con-

or the Duties, tlnuance of this Act, be redeemed, or otherwise cease to be payable, so much of the Allowance to be

Abaic^Mtobema(k on the Exportation of the Cordage before mentioned shall be abated, as shall bear a Proportion to

made of the the Customs or Duties so redeemed, or that shall cease to be payable on rough Hemp; any Thing herein

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And, for the further Encouragement of the Exportation of Cordage manufactured in Great Bri-

, - tain; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Drawback which by any Act or Acts of

Txpo^ation of Parliament is allowed and made payable upon the Exportation of Foreign rough Hemp from this King-

Foreign rough dom, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

Repealed by St at. 9 Geo. 3. r. 35. § 4.

Bounty not to

extend to twice

layed Cordage.

Upon Redcmp-

Bounty.

Drawback al-

lowed by any

Hemp, to ccafei

Recovery and

Application of

Penalties and

Forfeitures.

L’nMtationof

Actions.

General I flue.

Treble CofU*

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures

in this Act mentioned, shall and may be prosecuted and determined by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in

any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respec-

tively, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be

allowed; and one Moiety of the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the Use of the King’s

Majesty, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall sue for qr prosecute

for the fame.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com-

menced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or

Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter

in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Au-

thority of this Act; and if it fha'l appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or

Defendants; or if the Plaintiff* shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or De-

fendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the

Plaintiff, the Defendant Or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for

the iamef as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafec by Law.

CAP.

^.000 le

