6io C. 32. Anno nono Georgii III. A.D. 1769*.

Trustees, and the Mailer, Governors, and Brethren of the said Hospital, according to their respcSive-

Eftares and Interests in th- Lands and Grounds to be so purchifed; and the Order and Determination

of the said C mmiflior.ers, or any Fifteen or more of them, shall be final and conclusive to all the Parties

interested as aforesaid.

re*t Ptc.fafn* XLVII. And be it further ena£hd by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Bodies Corporate or-

forSai-cf Urc’5 Collegiate, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, intertfted in such Mefl'uages, Lands, or Grounds, upon

Ac. -' ’Notice to them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling-house or Houses, or Place of Abode of such

Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate,

or at the House of the Tenant or Tenants in Pofiellion of the Mefl'uages, Lands, Grounds, or Tene-

ments so to be taken in and made into a Road as aforesaid, shall, by the Space of One Calendar Month

next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refute to treat, or shall not agree in the Pre-

mises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating; then in every or any such Cafe the said.

Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, shall cause it to be inquired into, and ascertained by

Damage ani Rc-and upon the Oath of a Jury of Twelve 'indifteient Men of the said County of Kent (which Oath any-

----- Justice of the Peace for the said County of Kent or City of Rochester is hereby impowered to administer)

t' ‘c J a *what Recompence and Satisfaction shall he made to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or.

Proprietors or other Persons, for or of account of the said Mefl'uages, Lands, Grounds, or Tenements

taken into or for the widening the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Avenues, or the said Road; and in

order thereto the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, are hereby impowered and re-,

quired, from Time to Time, as often as Occasion shall be, to summon and call before the said Jury,

and examine upon Oath all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall be thought necessary

and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises (which Oath-

any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Kent or City of Rochester is hereby required to administer):

and they shall also order and cause the said Jury to view the said Premises in Cueftion,. if there be Oc-

casion, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s better In-,

formation of the Premises, as they the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or mote of them, shall think

fit; and after the said Jury shall have so inquired of, and ascertained and fittled the Recompence or Va-

lue, they the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and

determine the Sum or Sums of Money, so act'effect by the said Jury, to be paid to the Owners or Pro-

prietors of, or Persons interested in the said Mefl'uages, Lands, Grounds, or Tenements, according to.

Verdia of the the VerditSI of the said Jury; which said Verd»&, Judgement, Order, or Determination so had and

Jury to be fiiiahn^je, ^aj] £nai ancj conclufivej to all Intents and Purposes,. against all Parties and Persons whom-

soever, claiming in Possession, Remainder, or Expectancy, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as

well absent as present. Infants, Femes-covert, and Persons under any Disability whatsoever. Bodies Po-

tick, Corporate, or Collegiate, as well as all and every other Person or Persons whomsover; and all and

every such Owners, Occupiers, and Proprietors, and all and every Person and Persons any way interested;

in such Mefl'uages, Lands, Grounds, or Tenements, shall thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and

Purposes, divested of all Right, Tide, Claim, Interest, or Property, of, in, to, or out of the fame.

aLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the summoning and return-.

Warrant to u *nS JUI7 or Jur*es> Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, are hereby impowered

■joT^jury!001 to ^ue out their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the said County of Kent, thereby requiring him.,

to irrpannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons, to appear before the said.

Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be.

appointed; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impanne 1,

summon, and return Twenty-four such Persons as aforesaid; and out of the Persons so impannclled and

returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according, to such Summons, the said Commissioners,

or any Fifteen or more of them, shall cause to be sworn before a Justice of the Peace for the County of

K/nt or City of Rcchefltr aforesaid. Twelve who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid-; and for

Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return

other lioneft and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily. be procured to attend that

Service, to the Number of Twelve.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons concerned shall have their lawful

Challenges, from Time to Time, against any of the Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and that

the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, acting in the Premises, shall have Power, from

Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or Sheriffs, his Deputy or De-

puties, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises; And on any of the Persons that shall be

lummoned and returned on such Jury not appe aring, or refusing to be sworn on the said Jury, or being

sworn rtfufing to give or not giving their Verdict concerning the fame, or in any other. Manner wilfully

neglecting their Duty therein contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Att; and if any Person or

Persons who, being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the said Premises, shall re-

fuse to be examined or to give Evidence touching the fame; the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more

of them, shall and may impose such Fine or Fines, Penalty or Penalties, not exceeding the Sum of five.

Pounds on each Pei foil, as they the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, shall think fit,

to be levieJ, recovered, and applied in Manner herein after mentioned,.

Commissionen

to iljue their

Jirrers mry be

tballcn^ed*

JL,.Ani.

