18

C. 12.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

A. D. 1765.

cap. xir.

Krpf jl-d by 6 Geo. 3

C. II.

Rica mole..

An Act for granting and applying certain Stamp Duties, and other Duties, in the British

Colonies and Plantations in America, towards further defraying the Expences of de-

fending, protefting, and securing the fame; and for amending such Parts of the

several Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said Colonies,

and Plantations, as direct the Manner of determining and recovering the Penalties

and Forfeitures therein mentioned.

c \\7 HE REAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, several Duties were granted*

VV continued, and appropriated, towards defraying the Expences of defending, protefting,

4 and securing, the British Colonies and Plantations in America : And whereas it is just and necef-

4 fary, that rrovision be made for raising a further Revenue within Your Majesty’s Dominions in

4 America, towards defraying the said Expences : We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Sub-

4 jests, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament act’embled, have therefore resolved to give

4 and grant unto Your Majesty the several Rates and Duties herein after mentioned and do mod

humbly beseech Your Majesty that it maybe enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s mod Ex-

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and

after the First Day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, there shall be raised,

levied, coilefted, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, throughout the Colonies

and Plantations in America which now are, or hereafter may be, under the Dominion of his Majesty*

his Heirs, and Successors.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be

ingrossed, written, or printed, any Declaration, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, or other

rnurrers, £c. in Courts Pleading, or any Copy thereof, in any Court of Law within the British Colonies and Plantations

of Law, 3d. per Sheet, in America, a Stamp Duty of three Pence.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which {hall be

ingrossed, written, or printed, any Special Bail and Appearance upon such Bail in any such Court*

a Stamp Duty of two Shillings.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be

______ingrossed, written, or printed, any Petition, Bill, Answer, Claim, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, ”

ders. Demurrers^ &c. in Demurrer, or other Pleading in any Court of Chancery or Equity within the said Colonies and

Courts of chancery or Plantations, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling and Six Pence.

Eouiry, rs. 6d. perbheet..

copies of petit ions. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be.

Bills, &c. in the fa d i/igrofled, written, or printed, any Copy of any Petition, Bill, Answer, Claim, Plea, Replication*

Courts, $d. per Sheet. Rejoinder, Demurrer, or other Pleading in any such Court, a Stamp Duty of three Pence.

Monitions,Libels, An- For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be

tcrt*10^Renunlm- ingr°ffcd» written, or printed, any Monition, Libel, Answer, Allegation, Inventory, or Renun-

ihonsT&c. in Course*" c*at*on >n Ecclesiastical Matters in any Court of Probate, Court ofjthe Ordinary, or other Court^

trcifing Ecclesiastical

Jurvfdiftion, 1 s. per

Sheet.

Copies of Wills, Moni-

tions, ter. in the said

Courts, 6 d. per Sh .et.

Tie following Stamp

Duties to take place

from and after 1 Nov.

1765.

Vie. On all Declara-

tions, Fleas, Replica

tions, Rejoinders, De

Special Bail and Ap-

pearances, in the said

Court*,. 2 3. per Sheet.

Petitions, Bill*, A li-

fters, Claims, Plea?,

Replications, Rejoin-

Donations, Presenta-

tiorn, Collations, Infti

Ail ions, Registers, En-

exercising Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction within the said Colonies and Plantations, a Stamp Duty oF

one Shilling.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be-

ingrossed, written, or printed, any Copy of any Will (other than the Probate thereof) Monition*

Libel, Answer, Allegation, Inventory, or Renunciation in Ecclesiastical Matters, in any fuel*

Court, a Stamp Duty of six Pence.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be

ingrossed, written, or printed, any Donation, Presentation, Collation, or Institution of or to any

tries,iVftimoniaCccr-Benefice, or any Writ or Instrument for the like Purpose, or any Register, Entry, Testimonial, or

tificatesof Degrees, al, Certificate of any Degree taken in any University, Academy, College, or Seminary of Learning*

PerShect* within the said Colonies and Plantations, a Stamp Duty of two Pounds.

Monitions, Libe’s, For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be

Claims,Answer3, Alle. ingrossed, written, or printed, any Monition, Libel, Claim, Answer, Allegation, Information,

l^sW^eq*ucft°E«- Fetter of Recpicft, Execution, Renunciation, Inventory, or other Pleading in any Admiralty Court

cations, Renmiciations, within the said Colonies and Plantations, a Stamp Duty of one Shilling.

Inventories, &c. intheCourts of Admiralty, is. per Sheet.

Corof any ferh Mo- For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any*

Libels,^ 6d. c°py of ai,y such Monition, Libel, Claim, Answer, Allegation, Information, Letter of Request*

per cct‘ Execution, Renunciation, Inventory, or other Pleading, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, a

Stamp Duty of six Pence.

Appeal?, Writs of Error For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be

•nd of Dower, Ad quod ingrossed, written, or printed, any Appeal, Writ of Error, Writ of Dower, Ad auod damnum^ Car-

S a *i°rarh Statute Merchant, Statute Staple, Attestation, or Certificate, by any Officer, or Exempli-

rute'sr a plc^Attest a - * fication of any Record or Proceeding in any Court what soever within the said Colonies and Plan-

tations (except Appeals, Writs of Error* Certiorari, Attestations* Certificates* and Exemplifications*

for

boogie

