6

C. ft.

Anno quinto Georgii III.

A.D. 1765.

On Non-appear-

ance or Nonl'uit

of Plaintiff,

Defendant to

have Cods.

such Cafe, the Execution shall be superfeded, and the Body or Goods of the fald Party shall be dif-

charged and set at Liberty.

VilL And be it further enadVed by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon the Day of Return of any

Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs shall not

appear, or appearing, shall not make due Proof of his, her, or their Demand, to the Satisfaction of the

Court, but become nonsuited, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three

or more of them, to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and to order and oblige the

Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame, by such Ways and Means as arc herein provided for the Recovery

Procefmot to be ^e^ts> ordered and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

iiiucri against the Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to im-

Goo<is, where power the said Commissioners to issue any Process against the Goods and Chatties of any Person or Persons,

Warrant/hall be wheie the Party intitled to the Benefit of any fuc h Order, Judgement, or Decree as aforesaid, shall have

Tf obtained any Warrant or Process, as aforesaid, against: the Body or Bodies of the same Person or Persons,

pJrty unlefithe un*c^s such Person or Persons shall escape out of Custody, or shall abscond or depart out of the said Hun-

Party escape or dreds, to avoid being apprehended and taken by virtue of such last mentioned Warrant or Process.

abscond, X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Beadle of the said Court, or his

Beadle suffering Deputy, who shall be employed to serve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful or notorious Negledk, or

*foCndaDtG° d Connivance, causeor suffer the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded to escape, or the

to\^rtmovtd Goods of such Party to be carried away or secreted, so that such Execution shall not have its due Effect,

to pay Debt and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon Com-

Cofti. plaint and Proof thereof made, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to

order such Beadle, or his Deputy, to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Execution was

awarded, in such reasonable Time, to be set and appointed by the said Commissioners; and in case rhe

said Beadle, or his Deputy, shall refuse or neglect to pav the fame, at the Time set and appointed for

the Payment thereof, then', on Complaint of the Party Plaintiff in such Execution to the said Commil-

sioners, or any three or more of them, at their next Court, such Commissioners shall order the Clerks of

the said Court to pay the fame, and they are hereby made liable and subject thereto; and on Demand made

thereof, and their, or either of their Refusal so to do, the fame may be recovered against them, or either of

them respectively, by such Ways and Means as arc herein provided for the Recovery of Debts, ordered

and decreed to be paid by the said Court.

<Comm»fljoners XI. And, for the better regulating the Proceedings of the said Court, and rendering this Act effectual

CMers° Eurposes aforesaid, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Commissioners who shall

be the acting Commissioners, according to the Rotation herein prescribed and mentioned, not being lef*

in Number than twelve, shall have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Act, from time to time, and

so often as they shall fee Occasion, at any of the said Court or Courts, to make such Rules or Orders, for

the better regulating the Practice of the said Court, as to them shall seem necessary and conducive to the

Purposes of this Act, so as they be conformable to Law, and do not extend to the Exercise of any Juris-

-diction inconsistent with the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and do relate to the Process, Practice,

and Method, of proceeding of and in the said Court only: According to which Rules or Orders, so from

time to time to be made, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have Power and ,

Authority, by virtue of this Act, to proceed upon, and to hear and determine, all Matters of Debt, not

exceeding the said Sum of forty Shillings, which shall be brought before them determined by virtue of this Act, and

to make and pronounce such Judgements and Decrees concerning the fame as to them shall seem agreeable

to Equity and good Confidence.

XII. And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and more solemn Determination of Matters and

causes which shall be depending in the said Court, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, in Court

assembled, and they are hereby impowered to administer an Oath to the Plaintiff or Defendant, and to

such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by each Party; and also to all or any of the Officers of

the said Court, and to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, whose Evidence shall, to the said Com-

missioners, or the major Part of them, appear necessary.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action of Debt, or Action

upon the Cafe, upon an Affumpfit for Recovery of any Debt, to be sued or prosecuted against any Person

or Persons aforesaid in any of the King’s Courts at WeshninJler, or any where out of the said Court of

p«bt recoverable Requests, the Plaintiff shall declare for any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of forty Shillings, the

in thu, not to Defendant may plead generally in Bar of such Action, that, at the Time of commencing such Action, the

Defendant was inhabiting and refiant within the said Hundreds, and was liable to be warned or summoned

before the said Court of Keaucfts, without pleading any other Matter specially; and in case the Plaintiff,

in any such Action, shall declare for any Sum of Money not exceeding forty Shillings, the Defendant

may plead generally over and above such Matters as aforesaid, that the Defendant was not, at the Time

of commencing such Action, indebted unto the Plaintiff in any Sum or Sums of Money amounting to

above the Sum of forty Shillings, without pleading any other Matter specially: where to the Plaintiff (h.Pl

or may reply generally, and deny the Matters pleaded as aforesaid \ and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or d:l-

continue his Action, or Verdict pals against him, or Judgement be given on Demurrer, the Defendant (hull

have Treble Costs.

XIV. Provided always. That it shall and rmy be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such

Action, afterwards to prosecute the said Defendant or Defendants, for the Recovery of the said Debt or

Debts^

and administer

Oaths.

Altion brought

in any other

Court, for a

Haad.

Proviso.

