43^0 C. 58. Anno septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1767.

the Money to be shall and may be recovered to his Majesty’s Use, by Action of Debt, or upon the Cafe, Bill, Suit, or Infor-

rtcovered by Ac- mation, in any of his Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no E(Toin, Protection, Privilege,

*°anf or ^a^er Law, shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; in which Action, Bill, Suitor

Court* »t Weft- Information, it shall be lawful to declare. That the said United Company of Merchants of England trading

minster. to the East Indies, or their Successors, are indebted to his Majesty the Monies of which they shall have made

Default in Payment, according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the fame, which shall be

w th Damages, sufficient; and in or upon such Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, there shall be further recovered, to his

after the Hate of JVlajesty’s Use, aeainst the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or

anVVuUCofts’of t^le*r ^ucce(Tors, Damages, after the Rate of fifteen Pounds per Centum per Annum, for therespective Monies

Suits* and the unpaid, contrary to this Act, together with full Costs of Suit; and the said United Company, and their

Company’* Succefl'ors, and all their Stock, Funds, and all other their Estates and Property whatsoever and wheresoever.

Stock and Funds, shall be, and are hereby made, subject and liable to the Payment of such Monies, Damages, and Costs.

Scc. are made

The territorial II. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said territorial

Acquisitions and Acquisitions and Revenues, lately obtained in the East Indies, shall remain in Possession of the said United

Revenues lately Company, and their Succefl'ors, during the said Term of two Years, to be computed from the said first

obtained, to Day of February, one thousand (even hundred and sixty-seven.

remain in

the Company’s Possession during the said two Year*;

III. Provided nevqrtheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said United

Company, or their Succefl'ors, shall be dispofl'ell'ed by any foreign Power of any Part of the said.territorial

Acquisitions or Revenues, at any Time or Times before the Expiration of the said Term of two Years, to

be computed from the first Day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven; then, and in

every such Cafe, and as often as such Cafe shall so happen, the Payment of the said annual Sum of four

hundred thousand Pounds, for or in respectof the Time or Times during which the said Company, or their

Succefl'ors, shall remain so dispofl'efl'ed, shall be reduced in such Proportion to the whole of the said annual

Sum as the net Income and Profits of the territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, of which the said Com-

pany, or their Succefl'ors, shall have been so dispofi'eflea, shall have borne to the whole of the net Income

and Profits of all the said territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, upon the Average of the Year preceding

their being so dispofl'efl'ed; and if it shall happen that any Payment or Payments shall have been made, for or

in respectof any Time or Times during which the said Company, or their Succefl'ors, shall have been so

dispofiefled as aforesaid, such proportional Part of the Monies as shall have been so paid for or in respect

thereof, or so much of such proportional Part of the said Monies as shall not have been appropriated in

Manner herein after mentioned, shall be repaid and refunded at the said Receipt of the Exchequer to the

said Company, or their Succefl'ors; and, in lieu of the Money which shall have been so appropriated, a

Sum equal thereto shall be paid to the said Company, or their Succefl'ors, out of the Fund commonly

called The Sinking Fund\ which Payment is hereby charged upon the said Fund, and shall be made there-

out, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all previous Charges thereupon; any Thing herein before

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies which shall be paid into the

Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, in pursuance of this Act, shall be there reserved to be disposed of

and appropriated by Parliament.

and if they Hull

be dispolVcfi'ed

by any foreign

Power, of any

ParM hereof

within that

Time,

proportionable

Abatement it

to be made in

the said Annual

Payment*;

and Money

wrongfully paid,

j* to be refunded.

The Monies to

be reserved for

the Disposition

of Parliament.

CAP. LVIII.

This Fund is pp- An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linen9 imported into

l^ls Kingdom, and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing

of Hemp and Flax.

Preamble. 1 TT J HEREAS the Consumptlon of Linens within Great Britain, and the British Dominions in

' America, is greatly increased; And whereas the establishing a proper Fund for the Encourage-

4 ment of raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax, would be a great Advantage to the Linen Manufactures

4 within this Kingdom; therefore we, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of

4 Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do give and grant to your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors,

4 such additional Duties on Foreign Linens to be imported into Great Britain, as are herein after men-

4 tioned and do most humbly beleech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the

King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and

^*6*- *h°fc?e- a^ter Day of one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, there shall be raised, levied,

rmi JddUional^* crolledted, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefl'ors, the several additional Rates and Duties

Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

following are to

lake place;

vi*. on Foreign For every Ell of Foreign Linen, commonly called Packing Canvas, Spruce Elbing, or ^hteenffiorcugb

Curas. Canvas, which shall be imported into Great Britain, the Sum of one Farthing.

And

