The TITLES of

Cranbrooke, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Sand-

hur/iy and from the Green near Benenden Churchy to The

Bull Inn at Rolvenden Cross, in the County of Kent.

44. An Act for erecting a Market House, and holding a

Market in the Town of Taunton, in the County of

Somerset \ and for preventing the holding of any Market

in the Streets of the said Town; and for cleansing the

Streets, and preventing Nufances and Obtlruetions

therein; and for lighting certain Streets in the said

Town.

45. An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike-

gate in the Township of Greenfieldy to the North Limits

of the Township of Moftyny and from Mofiyn to Henllany

and from Llanerch y Mor to Pen y Fordd I Vain y in the

Counties of Flint and Denbigh.

46. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of

Denbigby to the Turnpike Road between Northop and

Holywell; and from Avon JVeny to the Town of Aloldy

in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint.

47. An Act for amending, widening, altering, clearing,

and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the

Borough of Dorchester* in the County of Dorset; and

for repealing so much of an Act passed in the sixth Year

of his present Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the repair-

ing the Road leading from Wool* to the said Borough.

*8. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act

passed in the sixteenth Year of King George the

Second, for repairing the Roads from Marlborough to

Shepherd?s Shora; and from Beckhampton to the Top of

Cherill Hill; and from Avebury to Beckhampton, in the

County of Wilts; and for repairing and widening the

Road from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wroughton

and from the Notth Side of Swindon to the Carpenters

Arms in Blunfdeny in the said County.

49. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading

from Mereworth Crofsy to the Road leading from Seal to

Wrotham Heath; and also the said Road from opposite

the House of William Dalian Esquire, to Hadlow Streety

in the County of Kent.

50. An Act td enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act

made in the thirty-third Year of King Georce the

Second, for repairing and widening the Road from Glen-

ccjlery towards Hereford', and other Roads therein men-

tioned -y and for amending several other Roads near or

adjoining to some of the said Roads.

51. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted

by an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road

leading from a Place called Harlow Bujl) Common, in

the Parish of Harlenv, in the County of Essex, to Stump

Crofsy in the Parish of Great Chef erf or el, in the said

County.

52. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers

of so much of an Act made in the seventeenth Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the Road

from the Town of Buckingham, in the County of Bucksy

to the North Extent of the Parish of Hanwell, in the

1 County of Oxford, leading towards JVarmington Gate.

J. An Act to rectify a Mi (lake in an Act passed in the

eighth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act

for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canaly

from Birmingham to Bilftone, and from thence to Au*

therley, there to communicate with the Canal now making

between the Rivers Severn and Trent; and for making

collateral Cuts up to several Coal Mines \ and to explain

and amend the said Act.

54. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act

made in the twenty-fitth Year of his late Majesty, lor

5

the STATUTES.

repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of

Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of York, to

New Malt on, and from thence to Scarboroughy in the

North Riding of the County of York; and also from

Spittle Housey in the East Riding of the said County, to

Scarborough afore said.

5$. An Act for rep?iring and widening the Road from the

End of the Turnpike Road in Shawbury, in the County

of Salopy to Drayton in Halesy in the said County; and

from thence to NnvcaJUe under Line, in the County of

Stafford $ and from Shawbury aforesaid, to the Turnpike

Road in High Ereally in the said County of Salop; ai>J

from Shawbury aforesaid to IVemy in the said County \

and from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sandford* in

the said County.

56. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in

the Counties of Montgomery, Merioneth, and Salop.

57. An Act for continuing two Acts made in the sixth

Year of King George the First, and in the seventh

Year of his late Majesty^ foi laying a Duty of two Pen-

nies Scots, or one sixth Part of a renny Sterlings upon

every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold

within the Town of Montrose and Privileges thereof

for fupnlying the said Town with frefll Water, and for

other Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of

Cirenceftery in the County of Gloucester, to the tenth

Mile Stone frOm Cirencester at or near the East End of

the Town of Tetbury, and from the Weft End of the

Churchyard in the said Town of Tetbury to a Gate in

the said County near Tloe Aionument upon Lanfdewn.

59. An Act to impower the Right Honourable Sir Hmry

Cavendiji) Baronet, to shut up certain Roads and a Foot

Path in the Parish of Doveridge, in the County of Derby \

and to oblige him to make and keep in Repair for the

future a new Road and Foot Path in lieu thereof.

6o« An Act to enable Edward Byrcm Flquire to complete

a Building intended for a new Church in the Town of

Manchester, and for making the same a perpetual Cure

and Benefice; and for other Purposes.

61. An Act for raising Money to discharge Debts con-

tracted for rebuilding the Parish Church and Tower of

Saint Nicholas, in the City of Bri/loT, and to rebuild

the Spire, and compleat the said Church \ and for other

Purposes.

62. An Act to rebuild the Sh;rc-Hall of the County of

Nottingham; and for using the Guild-Hall of the Town

and County of the Town of Nottingham for the Pur-

poses of a Shire-Hall in the mean Time.

63. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts

parted in th>e tenth Year of Kine George the Firlf*

and the sixteenth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing

the Road from the North Part of Hallow Bush Common*

in the Parish of HarloiVy to Woodford, in the County

of Essex.

64. An Act to continue and render more effectual several

Acts passed in the sixth and twelfth Years of King

Georcf. the First, and the twenty-eighth Year of his

late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage,

in the County of Hertford, to Biggleswade, in the

County of Bedford, and other Roads therein mentioned ;

and for repairing and widening the Road from Radiuell

Corner to the Turnpike Road at Arlejey, in the County

of Bedford.

65. An Act to repair and widen the Road from the Br'okrn

Crofy in Alaiclcf 'ld, in the County of Chtjler, over

the Long Alofs and Monks Heathy to the Turnpike Road

in

