140 C. 50. Anno quinto Georgii III. A.D. 1765.

une* pi red, his Owner of such House shall not be necessary to be had or obtained for the Purpose aforesaid ; and where

ne^r°n,ybut Occupier of any House vaithin any such particular Square, Street, or Place, as aforesaid, shall not have

where he fliiU Term therein, at the Time fuen Notices shall he given as aforesaid, that then, and in every such

not have such Cafe, the Person under whom such Occupier holds shall be deemed to be the Owner thereof for the Pur-

Term, the Per. poses aforesaid ; and every such Person may, as well as the Occupier of such House, attend the Meeting*

^)n uader whom pursuant to such Notices aforesaid, and give his, her, or their, Assent to, or Diflent from, the new paving

give hfs*Aflint ^uch Partlcular Square, Street, or Place, as shall be expressed in such Notices respectively.

orDifl'ent to the new paving.

Fntry to be trade XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Copies of Alignments and Convey-

•full Aiil^n- ances made in or by virtue of and in pursuance of this Act, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be

mems ami Con- kept for that purpose by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners ; and all and every Person and

E3SW ^er^ons to whom any such Alignment or Conveyance (hall be made as aforesaid, is and are hereby im-

iign'ng and powered, from time to time, by Alignment under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, and to be indoffed oil

iramfcinng. the Back of his, her, or their Security, or by any other Writing or Writings, which shall be executed in

the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses, to assign over or transfer Ins, her, or their Right to the

Alignments to Principal or Interest Money thereby secured to any Person or Persons whomsoever ; all which Aingnment*

be produced and or Transfers shall be produced and notified to the said Treasurer or Clerk within thirty Days after th«

30 Days To^he Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry of such Alignment or Alignments, containing the Date, Name*

Trea:urcror * of Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned and transferred, in the said Book or

clcr!c, ani an Books to be kept for entering the said original Alignments and Conveyances, for which the Treasurer or

1 ntry 10b? made Clerk shall be paid the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence, and no more ; and which said Book or Books

there J, upon shall and may at all feasonable Times be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward by any Person or

BSoksor Entry Per^ons interested in such Security or Securities, Alignment or Alignments ; and after such Entry made,

may be inspeacd Alignment and Transfer shall intitle such Assignee, his, her, and their Executors, Ad mini stra tors,

gratn; and Af- and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and such Afignee may in such manner assign

figments may or transfer again, and so toties quoties\ and it shall not be in the Power of any Persons who shall have

be ma ie tot.w made such Afignment or Transfer, to make void, relcaie, or discharge the fame, or any Monies thereon

queues. due.

ThcfeA£lsnot to XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said former Acts, or this Act, con-

extend to pjaccs ta,necU shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Place or Places which are paved, cleansed, and

pivrd, cleaned, lighted, under any particular Act or Acts of Parliament.

or lighted, under toy particular Ad.

The Charges of XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any defective or bad Pavement shall

riming Pave- be mended, altered, or repaired, by the Order or Di rest ion of the said Commissioners, or any three or

toTiouresTccu8 more them, by virtue of the rowers given by the Act passed in the third Year of his present Majesty*

pied by Ambaf. Re»gn> and which shall adjoin to, or belong to, any Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults,.

Ldors or Foreign or other Tenements, or any Part or Parts thereof, within the said City and Liberty, Parishes and Places,

Ministers, comprised in the said last recited Act, which shall, at any Time from and after the parting this Act, be

occupied or held by any Ambassador or Minister from any Foreign Prince or State, or other Person or

Persons not liable by Law to pay the Charges and Expences of such amending, altering, or repairing!.

* to be p>id by that then, and in every such Cafe, the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid by the said Commis-

t he Com million- sioners, who shall be reimbursed and paid the fame by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors,

«rs, who are to of such Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements respectively ; and in

he reimbursed by case of Non-payment thereof, within ten Days next after Notice in Writing to be signed by the Clerk

toe owners $ to the f^ Commissioners for the time being, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of

them, and annexed to a Copy of the Bill, containing an Account of the Expence of such Repairs, given

or left at the last or most usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, to

and they may pay the fame ; or in case such respective Place of Abode shall not be known, then within ten Days next

bring an Action after such Notice in Writing, signed as aforesaid, shall be affixed on^ome conspicuous Part of such Land,

iur ihe ume, or ]eft for such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, with any Person or Persons in such House,.

Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement respeSively, the said Commissioners, or any three

or more of them, shall and may, if they think proper, bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or

Actions, in the Name of their Treasurer for the time being, against any such Owner or Owners, Pro-

prietor or Proprietors, for such Charges and Expences ; in which Action or Actions no ElToin, Protection*,

or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Commissioners XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this*

■ny order Mo- Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to issue

i»ies for the Money, or cause the fame to be issued, for Payment of Bills for any Work or Works that has or have

charges of such \^cn ordered to be done and performed by such a Number of Commissioners as is directed by any of the

}Wo*k*to be , said former Acts, upon such Work or Works being so done and performed.

TiwT* n8 7 XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Nomination, Appointment,

^ Tix-frcc*to Orcler* Contract, Bond, Warrant, Precept, Judgement, Conviction, Assignment, Indorsement, Transfer,

a rc* or other Writing whatsoever, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of, or only signed by, any

Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, or exhibited before them, or under

the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seal* of, or only signed by, any other Person or Persons whatsoever,

7 relating

