238 C. 36, 37. Anno sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1766.

further fonti- sixty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fame are

rued to M June, hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand

,f*0, seven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXVI.

secc.48 9 Geo. An Act; for encouraging the Cultivation, and for the better Preservation, of Trees, Roots,

Geo. ' Plants, and Shrubs.

Preamble, c fT/HEREAS divers Persons have, of late Years, wilfully and maliciously cut down, barked, or

otherwise destroyed, Timber Trees, and Trees Handing for, and likely to become. Timber,

4 growing as well in the several Forests, Chafes, and other open Grounds, as in the Woods, and Plants-

4 tions, and inclosed Grounds, within this Kingdom; to the great Detriment of the Owners of such Trees,

and to the Discouragement of Planting in general, so beneficial to Great Britain: And whereas thcDif-

4 position of Nursery Men to Improvements in Planting and Gardening, through Great Britain, is alfoof

4 great Use to the Publick; and many Nursery Men, Gardeners, and others, have collected and cultivated,

4 at great Expence, Roots, Shrubs, and Plants, of every Country, and imported, cultivated, and ex-

ported, great Quantities thereof, and do thereby support themselves and many others of his Majesty's

4 Subjects: And whereas many evil-disposed Persons, well knowing the Value of such Roots, Shrubs, and

4 Plants, have, of late Years, frequently entered into Ncrferies, Gardens, and other inclosed Grounds in

general, and of the Nursery Men and Gardeners in particular, and have dug Op, taken, or carried away,

4 out of such Nurseries, Gardens, and Grounds, Roots, Shrubs, and Plants, and likewise destroyed others

4 on the Spot, to a very considerable Value :f Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Penalty on cut- Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the second Day of June,

ting down, spoil-one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, all and every Person and Persons who shall, in the Night time,

ing, carrying fop^ cut down, break, throw down, bark, burn, or otherwise spoil or destroy, or carry away, aryr

nIrhr-time1 Oak, Reach, Act, Elm, Fir, Chesnut, or Afp, Timber Tree, or other Tree or Trees (landing for Tim-

jQ.\k or other her, or likely to become Timber, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof first had and

*1 imber Tree*; obtained; or shall, in the Night-time, ipluck up, dig up, break, spoil, or destroy, or carry away, any

^iRootf#Shrubs, Root, Shrub, or Plant, Roots, Shrubs, or Plants, of the Value of five Shillings, and which shall be

or Plant*,of 5 s. growing, Handing, or being, in the Garden Ground, Nursery Ground, or other inclosed Ground, of any

^ardeli/Vur- Person or Persons whomsoever, shall be deemed and construed to be guilty of Felony; and every such Per-

Tcr), or inclosed (on or Persons shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cafes of Felony; and the

Cyoundj i§ Court, by and before whom, such Person or Persons shall be tried, stall, and hereby have Authority to

Felony. transport such Person or Persons, for the Space of seven Years, to any of his Majesty's Plantations in

Court impower- ^mer\ca^ jn ]ilce Manner as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this

the^Offender for R®alui: And all and every Person and Persons who shall be wilfully aiding, abetting, or assisting, in such

/even Years s cutting down, breaking, throwing down, backing, burning, or otherwise spoiling or destroying, or carrying

The Aiders and away, any such Oak, Beach, Alh, Elm, Fir, Chesnut, or Afp, Timber Tree, or other Tree or Trees

Ahettorstherein,^ftanJing for Timber, or likely to^become Timber, as aforesaid; or in such plucking up, digging up, cutting,

.nd^ons-wh0 breaking, spoiling, or destroying, or carrying away, such Root, Shrub, or Plant, Roots, Shrubs, or Planrs,

^eieiveftlfh* as aforesaid, of the Value aforesaid; or who shall buy or receive such Root, Shrub, or Plant, Roots,

iu«ts, Shrubs, Shrubs, or Plants, of the Value aforesaid, knowing the fame to be stolen; stall be subject and liable to the

or plants, know* fame Punishment, as if he, she, or they, had stolen the fame; any Law to the contrary in any wise not-

ing the fiune ^withstanding.

to be stolen, arc

jLiahlt to like Punilhxnent, as if ih^ had stolen the fane*

CAP. XXXVIt.

jtf<An. c,ji. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the fourth Year of

of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the better regulating of Buildings, and to prevent

r.tj. " _Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Place*

therein mentioned.

JVamMc, re* \\7 HEREAS so much of the Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

ciring cbtifes in< y V jesty King George the Third, intituled, In ASI for the better regulating of Buildings, and to pre*

Act Gco 3* 4 vent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, within the IVeehly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein men-

144 4 tioned, as relates to pulling down or rebuilding of Partitions or Party Walls between House and House,

cnafts. That so much of the Act of Parliament made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his Ma-

4 jesty King George the First, as relates to Party Walls within the said City and Liberty of JPeftminster,

4 or any rarish, Precmft, or Place, comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within the

4 several Parishes of Saint Mary le Bon and Paddington, or within the Parishes of Chelsea and Saint Paneras,

4 or either of them, in the County of Middlesex (except the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and

4 also except the Party Walls of Houses on the River of Thames below Bridge) should, from and after

# ? the passing <of the said Act of the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, extend, and be

4 construed

