A*D. 1767.

Anttd G«orGh lit.

C.

285

Months Pay in Advance for such Serjeant and Drum Mater: and so from Time to TFme so long as any for the Serjeant#,

Money on that Account shall remafn in his Hands: Which ray every such Captain or Commanding Of-

ficCr is hereby required to distribute to each Person belonging to his Company, by this Act inticled to pences oTrhe said

, receive the same, as it shall become due; and shall, once in every Year, give in to the Clerk of the Regi- company; Cap.

ment or Battalion to Which such Company shall belong, or, if Captain of an Independant Company, to tain to pay for

the Receiver General, an Actount of the several Payments helhall have made in pursuance of this Act, “ch^nH per

actordingto the following Form:

ncy towards Charges of thetlospital 5 and For the Serjeant Major and Dram Major 5 to be paid to the Commanding Officer of the Company to which they be*

longt Captains todistribute the Pay accordingly j and account for the ikme yearly to the Clerk, Or Receiver General, if *n Independant Company, ac-

cording to the following Fortn j

County of £)r.

Per Contra

C r.

To Cash received of Mr.

Regimental or

Rattalidn Clerk, or Re-

ceiver General, as the Cafe

shall be, for two Months

Phy in Advance

Paid Serjeant for

.Days ray from the

of to the of

following ■--■ ,

Ditto as Serjeant Major (if

One in the Company)

raid Servant for

Dayh ray from the

of to the of

following « ■— ,

Paid Drummer

Days at six Pence, from t

the of to the

of following

Ditto as Drum Major fif

One in the Company) '

Paid Drummer '

Days from the of

to the of following ' 1

Two Months Contingent

cies for Men and

Two Drummers, at fix

Pence per Month each ,

And shall pay back to the said Clerk, or tb the Receiver General, as the C!afe shall be, the Surplus (if ahy) toi piybsck th#

of the Money by him from Time to Time received, and then remaining in his Hands (except the Money Surplus Monies

by this Act allowed for contingent Expences) which shall once in every Year be accounted for by the Caji-,n h“ Handl*

tain of each Company respectively, in Manner aforesaid; and the Balance thereof shall be by fiim {laid «n&at Ex«£aT

into the Hands of the Clerk of the Regiment of Battalion to Which such Company shall belong, tb be a0- ecs, whichIre

plied to the general Use of the said Regiment or Battalion, as the Field Officers and Captains thereof, or to be amounted

the greater Part of them, shall direct ; and the Captain of each Independant Company is hereby required for. »ndapplied

to distribute to each Person belonging to his Company intitled thereto, such Money as he shall receive by

virtue of this Act; and the said Money allowed for the contingent Expences of each Independant Com- g^cnl> &c,

pany of Militia, shall be respectively applied to the particular Use of such Independant Company, by the Captains of Ip*

Captain thereof, ' dependant Com*

Tunics to di&rN

btote the Fay to their Men, and apply thfe Money tlloVeS for contingent Eapence*

V. And be it enacted. That the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk m3y and shall rdtalrt to his own*Use*, Clerk t» retain

cut of the Money so by him received, such further Sums as shall complete the Allowance herein before

nude for his Salary. . % salary,'

VI. And be it Further enacted. That whenever his Majesty’s Lieutenant, or any three or more Deputy when the l<j.

Lieutenants of any County. Riding, of Place, shall have fixed the Days of Exercise for the Militia, be or ®r,Drpa*

they shall, as fbon as may oe, certify the fame to the Receiver General of such County, Riding* or Place, iheoTsof

specifying the Number Of Meti, ana the Number of Days such Men are to be absent from Home oil ac- Exeidfe, they

count of such Exercise 5 and such Receiver General is hereby required, within fourteen Days after the Re- are to certify the

ceipt of such Certificate, to iilue and pay to the Clferk of the several Regiments or Battalions, at the Rate to the Re-.,

of leven Shillings and six Pence per Day for the Captain of each Company, and at the Rate of three Shi!- .Gcn'rjl*

lings and six Pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of three Shillings per Dtiy for each Enfigrr; and also N^rci'Men

at the Rate of one Shilling per Duy for eath Private Militia Man, with the Addition of six Pence per Day tndD»ys thry

for each Corporal of the Militia, so to be called out to Exercise, for the Number of Days such Officers shall b* absent

and Men shall be absent from Home on account of such Exercise y and in fitch Counties where there shall from How,

be

'  V^

