187

A.D. 1766.

Anno sexto Georgii ITT.

C. 24.

r.vartLd 'in case the fame be not piid forthwith upon the making of such Award or Order) to be levied

determined by D.lticls ar.J Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chatties, rendering to him or Her the Overplus (if any

up: n Demand, after the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint, and of such Distress and Sale, shall

be dt. uJlcd ; anJ in case sufficient Ddlreis cannot be found, such Justice (lull commit the Party complained

ol tu the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County or Borough, until he or she shall pay

L> awarded, or for any 'Time not exceeding the Space of one Calendar Month.

XXVII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five

cr more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, within their respective Divisions, from time to

t:ir,r, f • !r 11 and di'pofcof all or any Part of the old Pavement, or other Materials, to such Person or Per-

Km' ns shall be willing to purchase the fame, and to apply the Purchase-money to the Put poles of this Act

XXY1IJ. And be it fn ithci enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Part

et the Pavement of the said Streets or Lancs shall be taken up for the Purpofcof making, repairing, altering

r.:a:.f:ng, or emptying, any Sewer, Vault, or Drain, or of laying, altering, or amending, any Water Pipe

(i Plug, or kr any other Purpose whatsoever; the Person or Persons so taking up such Pavement, shall

i r?r.eoi :tely giv e Notice thereof to the Sutvcyor or Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Act in

Lxecmim, in orJer that the fame may, with all convenient Speed, be laid down and repaired, under the

Impcclion of the said Surveyor, and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid by the said Commis-

frncis, and they shall be reimbursed the fame by the Person or Persons, Companies of Water-works, or

Commissioners of Sewers, who shall take up, orcaufeor procure to be taken up, the said Pavement, or any

Part or Parts thereof.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe

lawful for the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any five or more of them, within

their respecti ve Divisions, from time to time, to compound and agree with the said Companies, or Com-

missioners of Sewers, or other Pci son or Persons respectively, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or

o;h:r Measure, as the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or any five or more of them,

Cull think reasonab’e ; in lieu and in stead of laying down or repairing such Pavement as shall be necessarily

tak en tip for any the Purposes aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such Person or Persons,

Companies of Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers respectively, shall neglect or refuse to pay what

the said Commissioners shall have so paid and disbursed, or what shall be due upon such Contract or Com-

p'-fi:ion as aforesaid, within ten Days next after Notice thereof, to be left, by the Receiver or Receivers

app jmted, or to be appointed, by the said Commissioners, at the Dwelling-house, or last Place of Abode,

of such Person or Persons, or of the Secretary or Secretaries, Clerk or Clerks, of such Companies of

Water-works, or Commissioners of Sewers respectively ; which Notice shall be in Writing, and signed by

the Clerk to the Commissioners for putting this Atft in Execution, by order of the said Commissioners,

or any five or more of them, and annexed to the Bill, containing an Account of the Expence of such Re-

p~rr, or Money due upon such Competition ; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said lad mentioned

Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they arc hereby authorized and impowered to bring, or

cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, in die Name of their Clerk for the time being, for the Reco-

\ rry of such Sum or Sums of Money respectively ; and in case such Person or Persons hereby directed to give

fieri Notice to the Surveyor or Clerk, as is before dircifted, shall neglect so to do for the Space of twenty-

k»ur Hours after such Pavement shall be so taken up, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Oft'ence,

f ^rfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, for thoPurposes of this Act, it

fh Jl 3t any Time be found necessary to raise, fink, or any otherwise alter, the Postion of any of the Pipes

or Hu s laid down or placed by the said Companies, or of any of the leaden or other Pipes which shall be

Did into or from any of the said Companies Pipes, which the said Commissioners, or any five or more of

tVcrr*, are hereby impowered to cause to be done, as often and in such Places as they shall think proper;

Xve fame shall be paid for out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, and shall be done with as little

Detriment or Inconvenience to the said Companies, and other Persons, as the Circumftuncc of the Cafe

w d! a 'mit of.

XXXlf. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as it shall hap-

pen, that any Pipe or Pipes belonging to any Water Company shall break or burst in the said Streets or

l.anc*, or either of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor to the said Commissioners for

t ie time being, or such other Person as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall appoint

f -r that Purpose, to give immediite Notice thereof to the Paviour of the Water Company to whom lie

iporchrnJs such Pipe or Pipes does, or do, or may belong, and require him to take up the Pavement, and

#■ nen the Ground, at or near the Five where the Water mall or may ifi'ue, determined by reason of such Pipe or Pipes

brr..kir g or belting, within rv.o Days next after furh Notice given to such Pav our, or left at his last or

tu r-.ti Pijrc c f Abode; and if upon taking up the Pavement, and opening the Ground, it shall appear

that the Pipe or Pipes so broke or burst, do not belong to the Water Company whose Paviour shall

hive taken up such Pavement, andopeivd such Ground, that then, and in such Ca(e, the Surveyor,

<>' other Person as aforesaid, (lull give immediate Notice to the Paviour of that Company to whom

rt fn *! 1 aopcar that the said Pipe or Pipes belong, such Notice to be given or left with such Paviour, or

it t: I* !..t urj.l Place of Abode; and the Paviour of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall

h- cp'g, hereby rtq tred to repair the fame, and fid in the Ground within fix Days after such Notice

; .. n or as afoichoj, and also within twelve Hours alter such Pipe shall be repaired, and the

Ground fined in, to give Notice to the Paviour or Paviours contracting with the said Coinmiuioners, or

Ccrr.rriflicrrri

TTuy ff 11 the o!J

Material*, a> d

apply the Mo-

no/, 4 c.

N. ’;ce to be

giv-n to Sur-

•«jcr of tsking

’•p rn ci » :cr

repairing, See,

?r y Vault or

Dnin, &c.

Comn ilfioner* A

to rehy »t, ar.4

be re’rnburftd

the Expence?.

Comm iTiorrr*

mav contract ‘

with tr c Com-

panies, See. for

relaying such,

Pavement*.

On R'fufal of

Payment,

an A#ion in

be brought f

the Money.

Comraissioner*

to pay for

altci in^ Pipes.

Where any of

the Wa'erCom-

pan:r* Pipe*

break, Notice to

be riven to luih

Co;nranie*.

When com-

plex d, Notice

10 be g*ren so

Commuhonci*

Pavioift.

Lb z

to

