C. 39* Anno quinto Georgii III. A. D. 1765.

4 X. And whereas the Trustees of several Turnpike Roads are not sufficiently impowered to punish

€ Nulances in the several Roads under their Care \ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority afore-

said, That the said Trustees of the several Roads respectively, or any five or more of them, may, and they

are hereby required, if they shall think fit, to direct Prosecutions by Indictment against the Offender or

Offenders for any Nusance done, committed, or continued, in, to, or upon any of the Turnpike Roads

under their Care respectively, at the Expence of the Revenues belonging to such Turnpike Roads

respectively.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced

against any Person or Persons for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act; then, and in every

such Cafe, such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within six Calendar Months next after

the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and the fame, and every such Action or Suit, shall be brought

in the County, Riding, or Place, where the Person, against whom such Action or Suit shall be com-

menced, doth ordinarily inhabit and reside, or in the County or Riding where the Fast was committed,

and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action or Suit, shall and may plead

the General Ifliic, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any 'Trial to be had there-

upon ; and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this present Act: And if the

fame shall appear to have been so done 5 or if any such Action or Suit (lull be brought after the Time

herein before limited for bringing the fame, or he brought or laid in any other County, Riding, or Place,

than as afore-mentioned, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; or if the Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, after the Defendant or de-

fendants shall have appeared ; or if, upon Demurrer, judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or

Plaintiffs; the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy

for Recovery thereof, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cafes by Law.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for more effectually preventing the Mischiefs arising to the Revenue and Commerce

of Great Britain and Ireland, from the Illicit and Clandestine Trade to and from the Ilk

of Man.

Vn*nb\e, roclt.4 TWHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George

IngCUnfe in Act < yV the first, intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Ma jeflys Subjects from trading to tbeJLalt

Le 6°*Geo! V* * ^nc^es undgr Foreign Commijpons ; and for encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto ; and

c.4». 3# € for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet; it is, amongst other Things,

7 Geo. 3. c. 45,4 enacted, That no Commodity of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of tht East Indies, or other

5°» 4 Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall be imported or carried into the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey,

4 Alderney, Sarkey or Many or other Places in the said Act mentioned, but such only as shall be bona juUy

4 and without Fraud, loaden and (hipt in Great Britain, in Ships navigated according to Law, under the

4 Penalty of forfeiting all such Goods, or the Value thereof, together with the Ship or Veffd in which

* they shall be imported, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition, and Apparel, to be seized

. c and prosecuted as in the said Act is directed : And whereas great Quantities of Tea and other Goods

4 of the Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, and other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hopey are

4 imported from Foreign Parts, and landed in the Ijle of Alany contrary to the said in rare recited Act of

4 Parliament; which Goods, as well as great Quantities of Brandy and other Foreign Liquors, are

4 brought from the said Isle of Man, and clandestinely run ashore in this Kingdom, to the great Prejudice

4 of the Trade and Revenues thereof: To prevent which Practices for the future, and to render the said

4 Act, as well as several other Acts of Parliament relative to the Trade and Revenues of this Kingdom,

4 mote effectualMay it pLeafc Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con font of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

f° ^ornmons> 111 this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after

theCuitamsind Day of funey one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, all and every Officer and Officers of

Exdfe 10 vift his Majdfy’s Customs and Excise, shall have the fame Powers and Authorities for vilking and searching of

and search Ships Ships and Vessels in any Bay, Harbour, River, Creek, or other Place, in, of, or belonging to, the said

in the isle of Isle of Many as arc by any Act of Parliament provided for such Officers visiting and searching Ships or

anTofei eco Vtflels within the Ports or on the Coasts of Great Britain \ and to seize and secure, either on the Land

tnban^Goods?" or Water* in the Manner directed or allowed by the several Acts of Parliament in Force in Great Britain*

any Goods which have been brought or imported into the said Isle of Many contrary to this or to any

oilier Act of Parliament, or which shall be landed there, without Payment of any Duties which may be

due and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors.

Prohibited 11. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of

Goods imported cfuney one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, no Wrought Silks, Bengalis, and Stuffs mixt with Silk

GreatBrhah) or Herba, of the Manufacture of Persiay Chinay or East India, nor Callicocs painted, dyed, printed, or

* stained there, nor any Cambricks or French Lawns, shall be exported horn Great Britain to the Ijle cf

may be seized; Man ; and if any such Goods shall be (hipt or laden, or shall be concealed in the fame Package with any

and are forfeited, other Goods which are entered for, or are intended to be laden on board any Ship of Vessel bound from

■ tether weh Great Britain to the said Ijle of Man, such Goods shall be* forfeited, as well as the Goods contained in

toe ratka^c, * 0 1

to

Twftett may

profecQte far

Nominees com-

mitted on the

Roads.

Limitation of

General IiTut,

Treble Coll*,

c. ooooie

