A.D. 1765. Anno quinto Georgii III. C. 12. 21

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Gra*t,or Admlffiont,

in eroded, written, or printed, any such Grant, Appointment, or Admission, of or to any such pub- of

lick beneficial Office or Employment, or any Exemplification of the fame, within all other Parts of America, 61. per Sheet,

the British Dominions in America, a Stamp Duty of six Pounds.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or sheet or Piece of Paper, on which {hall be Indentures, Lease*,Con-

ingossed, written, or printed, any Indenture, Lease, Conveyance, Contract, Stipulation, Bill of veyancc5»c®rjfr8^,*StU

Sale, Charter Party, Proreft, Articles of Apprenticeship, or Covenant (except for the Hire of Ser- chirt^Parties* ProttrV,

vants not Apprentices, and also except such other Matters as are herein before charged) within the Article of Apprentice-*'

British Colonies and Plantations in America, a Stamp Duty of two Shillings and six Pence. rt>ip, or Covenant (ex-

cept for the Hire of Servants, and other Matters before charged) as. 6d. per Sheet.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, 4m which any Warrant for inditing

Warrant or Order for auditing any Publick Accounts, beneficial Warrant, Order, Grant, or Certw Pubiick Accounts, he-

ficate, undrr any Publick Seal, or under the Seal or Sign Manual of any Governor, Proprietor, or ^*C Gran^Ceni^"

publick Officer alone, or in Conjunction with any other Person or Persons, or with any Council, cues, under the Publick

or any Council and Assembly, not herein before charged, or any Passport or Let-pass, Surrender of Sesi/or Sigo Manual of

Office, or Policy of Ad'urance, shall be ingroded, written, or printed, within the said Colonies and * Governor, nor im-

plantations (except Warrants or Orders for the Service of the Navy, Army, Ordnance, or Militia, *°rc ch»r^i

mid Grants of Offices under Twenty Pounds per Annum in Salary, Fees, and Perquisites) a Stamp Assurance*

Duty of five Shillings. (Warrants for the Nary

tr Army, or C riots of Offices under 201. per Annum Value, excepted) 5 s. per Sheet.

♦ For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Notorial A£h, Bondi,

ingroded, written, or printed, any Notarial Act, Bond, Deed, Letter of Attorney, Procuration,

Mortgage, Releale, or other Obligatory Instrument, not herein before charged, within the said Co- Mor*g^

Ionics and Plantations, a Stamp Duty of two Shillings and three Pence. Obligatory inftn»mcxv>

not charged before, 13d. per Sheet,

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Regiftm, Entries or

ingroded, written, or printed, any Register, Entry, or Inrollment of any Grant, Deed, or other In-

firument whatsoever herein before charged, withui the said Colonies and Plantations, a Stamp Duty sheetchar®*

of three Pence. 9 3 ’

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be Registert, Entries, or

ingroded, written, or printed, any Register, Entry, or Inrollment of any Grant, Deed, or other inroiimenu of Grants,^

Instrument whatsoever not herein before charged, within the said Colonies and Plantations, a Stamp tJced,»fcc*1101 b«[or* ,

Duty of two Shillings. . F «h»r8<d,,.pe,sh.«.

And for and upon any Pack of Playing Cards, and all Dice, which shall be fold or used within Duties payable upon

the said Colonies and Plantations, the several Stamp Duties following (that is to say) .Capdl Dice> via*

For every Pack of such Cards, the Sum of one Shilling. Cards, 1». per Pack.

And for every Pair of such Dice, the Sum of ten Shillings, D»ce, log> perpair#

And for and upon every Paper commonly called a PamphletP. and upon every News Paper, COn- Duties payable upon-

tainine publicic News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, which (nail be printed, dispersed, and made Pamphlets and New#

publick, within any of the said Colonies and Plantations, and for and upon such Advertisements as PaPcr,»vla*

are herein after mentioned, the respective Duties following (that is to say)

For every such Pamphlet and Paper contained in half a Sheet, or any lesser Piece of Paper, which ?"‘Pa*nPbl*t,<>f H,If

— - - - - - - • ^ , A aL r r dhcet, or MU, tq. OA

printed Copy thereof.

every printed Copy j

shall be so printed v a Stamp Duty of one Halfpenny, for every j

For every such Pamphlet and Paper (being larger than Half a Sheet, and not exceeding one whole being larger than Halfa•

Sheet) which ftmll be so printed* a Sump Duty of one Penny, for every printed Copy thereof. Sheet*and not exceeding^

* r# x whole Shrety id. for

every printed Copy;

For every Pamphlet anil Paper being larger than one whole Sheet, and not exceeding fix Sheets being larger than one

in Oflavo, or in a lesser Page, or not .exceeding twelve Sheets in Quarto, or twenty Sheets in whole Sheet, and not

Folio, which shall be so printed, a Duty after the Rate of one Shilling for every Sheet of any Kind “cfcd'nsr'«,moaavof.

of Paper which shall be contained in one printed Copy thereof. Sg -

or %c Sheets in Folio, 11. per Sheet for one printed Copy.

For every Advertisement to be contained in any Gazette, News Paper, or other Paper, or any for ewy Advert!fe®em*

Pamphlet which shall be lb printed, a Duty of two Shillings. in any Gazette, ©rochet

For every Almanack or Calendar for any one particular Year, or for any Time less than a Year, For every Almanack,

which shall be written or printed on one Side only of any one Sheet, Skin, or Piece of Paper, Parch- &c.tofcrvefuroreVe«r,.

ment,or Vcllom, within the said Colonies or Plantations, a Stamp Duty of two Pence. otone si^t on"* - d*

For every other Almanack or Calendar for anyone particular Year, which shall be written or For errry other Alma,

printed within the said Colonies and Plantations, a Stamp Duty of four Pence. n*ek,&c. for <me Y«*r,

And for every Almanack or Calendar written or printed within the said Colonies and Plantations, For every Aimaoiekt#

to serve for several Yean, Duties to the fame Amount respectively shall be paid for every such fc™

Year. 7 Duties to the fime A-

' mount ret'^cliwcly fuf-

Forv«Af»

