A. D. 1767.

Anno feptimo Georgii Ilf.

C- 39- 323

fourteen Drrvs after their Reception, be sent into the Country, to a Distance not less than three MilesYear* of As*>

from any Part of the said Cities of London or West nun ft er \ there to be nursed and maintained in Manner kfl^an

herein alter directed. '

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That for the Nursing and Maintenance of WeeklyRateiu

each Child fu put out as aforesaid, the respective bums following shall be paid; that is to faj, For NurAa

first six Years of their Age, a Sum not less than two Shillings and six Pence ; and from that Time until Mainrfining

such Child shall be put out Apprentice, or return to the Workhouse, a Sum not less than two Shillings till apprenticed,

per Week ; and shall also, over and above the said Charge of nursing and maintaining each Child, pay to ortciurneatotht

every Nurl# who shall have received any Child of or under the Age of nine Months (the said Child being Workhouse.

olive, and having been treated properly, and to the Satisfaction of the Guardians hereafter mentioned,

or the major Part of them, all'embled at any Meeting appointed by this Act) after having been under her for iheirCare.

Care twelve Months, a Sum not lese than ten Shillings, as a Reward for her Pains and Care taken in

the Nursing of such Child : And the Governors, Directors, Managers, or Overseers of the Poor, of the Cioatbing to be

respective rarifhes from whence such Children shall be so sent to nurse, shall find good, proper, and furmjhed, and

sufficient Cloathing for each and every of them respectively ; and shall defray the Expences of Conveyance, Sfnui'EVjInces

Medicines, Burials, and all other necessary Expences incurred on account of the said Children ; and (kali ^e(raycc by the

keep, in a Boole or Books to be provided for that Purpose, separate, regular, and exact Accounts of all Piiiih ; and <e-

txpences incurred in relation thereto. Account*

to be kept there*

V. And, in order the more effectually to guard against a]l dangerous Consequences which may arise to of*

the said Children from false Parsimony, Negligence, Inadvertency, or the annual Change of Parish Offi-

cers, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That five Noblemen or Gentlemen, Inhabitants of Five GuaHun*

each Parish, shall, within fourteen Days after the said first Day of July\ be appointed and chosen, under p^\^X?ca

the Title or Denomination of Guardians of the Parish Poor Children; two or more of which said Guar- t/be chokxu*

dians shall be chosen out of the Select Vestry, or out of the Governors, Directors, or Managers, of the

Poor of each Parish ; and, where there is no Select Vestry, Governors, Directors, or Managers, then the

said five Guardians to be chosen and appointed out of the Noblemen and Gentlemen Inhabitants of each

Parish; and the Election to be made upon Tuejday9 or some other Day in Easter Week, by the Inha*

bitants having Right to assembJe in Vestry: And in case there shall be no Noblemen or Gentlemen, or

rot be a sufficient Number of such Noblemen or Gentlemen who will accept of the Office of Guardians;

then the said Guardians, or so many as shall be wanting to make up the Number of five, shall be chosen

out of the principal and most rdjpestable Inhabitants : And if any of the Parties so chosen shall refuse to where any/hall

a*, or shall afterwards resign their Guardianship, or shall die j that then, and in either of the said Cafes,rcfufc to act, or

a further Choice shall be made in the same Manner as before-mentioned, within fourteen Days after such Jail rJr,B7»or

Refusal, Resignation, or Death, of so many as shall be naceflary to complete the Number* Choice to be*

made.

^ VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That such Noblemen, Gentlemen, or prin- First Guardians

cripal Inhabitants, who shall, in consequeace of th)i Act, be first chosen and appointed Guardians of the to continue in

Parish Poor Children, shall continue and remain in their refoeftive Offices till the Day in Easter Week, °mct c,a lbc

in the Year one thousand (even hundred and seventy, of the Inhabitants meeting for the Choice of Guar- car 17701

<Kans as aforesaid 5 and that the Guardians then chosen, or at any Time thereafter to be chosen, shall Futore Gulr:

remain in their respective Offices for the Term of three Years then next ensuing : And that all Appoint- in™*1*

Brents of Guardians in future shall be once in three Years only) except in Cafes of Death, Resignation, office.” "

m Refusal as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always. That no Churchwarden, or Overseer of the Poor, shall b« elected into the said Chorchwydent

Office of a Guardian.

being cle&ed Guardians.

Vin. And be it further enacted by* the Authority aforesaid, That the said Guardians, or anyone of Power *nd Duty

them, shall have free Admittance to viftt and fee the said Parish- Poor Children, and inform themselves of GuIrd!li,*

fully concerning their State and Condition ; and the said Guardians shall also have full Liberty to examine,

and have free Access to, all Registers, Books, and Accounts, relating to the said Children: And in case,

of any Neglect or improper Conduct, whereby the Life or Health of a Child may appear to the said

Guardians, or to any one of them, to be in Danger, to report the fame to the Select Vestry, Governors,

Directors, or Managers, or to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor : And if the said Vestry, Go- Bviiicombine!

vernors, Directors, or Managers, Churchwardens, or Overseers, or some or one of them, do not take the of

most efficacious Measures to remedy the Evil complained of; that then it shall be lawful tQ and for the to run

said Guardians, or any one of them, to inform one or more of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, and

give Evidence of the rafts 5 and the said Justice or Justices of the Peace is and arc hereby impowered to

give such Orders and Directions therein, as he or they shall think most proper.

IX. And be it further enacted. That the said Guardians shall be lummoned, by the Vestry Clerk, at A Meeting «f

Icaft once in six Weeks, to meet at the Vestry-room, or where there is no Vestry-room, in other con-CuaHiant

venient Place 5 and two of the said Guardians shall make a {torttm, either of them having the Liberty of

calling in one of the Churchwardens or Overseers; and when only one of the said Guardians is present,^*7

he shall have the Liberty of calling in two of the Churchwardens or Overseers, who shall attend him Quorum,

accordingly; and when any Number of the said five Guardians shall meet, they (lull have the Liberty of Powfr ^jvert

calling in two of the Churchwardens or Overseers, as the Majority of them shill think proper. them #r

jointly, to call in th« Church war J«ni cn G vc/fccri.

. T t a And

