774

C. 4$.

Anno decim'o Ge'orgii IH.

A.D. 1770.

of fit XT. And, to prevent’ any Doubts which may arise in the Conftru&iort of this A<5i, be it farthef

1°^7 the Authority aforesaid, That the Removal, Driving, or Sale of every Ox, Bull, Cow*

itnee? eF n N Calf, Steer, or Heifer, contrary to any such Rule, Order, or Regulation, as aforesaid, shall be deem-

ed a distin&and separate Offence within the Intent and Meaning of this Act $ any Thing heieift

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

a a^vf"older1" ^H. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Rules, Orders,

fuifeit i’ol, ‘ ’ . Regulations, and Variations, to be made by virrue and in pursuance of this Act, are hereby required

to be punctually observed and obeyed by all His Majesty’s Subjects; and all and every Person and

P( 1 foils who shall offend against any such Rule, Order, Regulation, or Variation, and shall be there-

of convicted in Great Britain or Ireland, by his, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath or

Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for

any County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Town Corporate, whcie such Offence or Offences

shall be committed (which Justice or Justices is and are hereby impowered and required to hear and

6ne Mct^y to the Ta determine the fame, and to examine any Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath, concerning the fame)

tomv.it, the other to the shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Ten Pounds: One Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other

t’o.r. Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; to be levied by ths

Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Conffablcs, High Conffabies of the Hundred, Rape, or

ivmky to be levied by Wapentake, or One or more of them, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or under

1} ar'ls* the Hands and Seals of the Justice or Justices of the Peace who shall convict such Offender, by Dif-

r r tva r tress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, rendering the Overplus (if any bej to the

br'r committed lor^three Owner thereof; and, for want of such Distress, such Offender shall be committed by such Justice or

Months. Justices to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such County, Ridings Division, City, Li-

berty, or Town Corporate, there to remainffor thcSpace of Three Months, to be reckoned from the

A. A C A . . 1 . C A m a 4 A kA 4 . n « d fi 1 I m I r-% m* P ■« A *■% /1 D /k « fr v n «*!'« / I \ - 1 I 14 / . n d O (« I ’T 1 r I I , W

i the nijce. prisonment according to the Laws and Usage'Of the fame Dominions respective

Appol may be made to XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for

the Qjmer.fefiious, on any Person or Persons who shall be convicted, before such J u it ice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid,

giving Security. of any of the Offences again It this Act, to appeal from such Conviction to the Justices of the Peace at

their next General or Quarter feifions to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty,

or Town Corporate, in which such Offences shall be committed; he, she, or they, going imme-

diate Notice to such Justice or Justices of such intended Appeal, and likewise giving Sccuiity to the

... . Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, to pay all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures to which he.

Juices to determine flie^ or they shall be liable by such Conviction, and the Colts, Charges, and Expences of trying such

ha y, an 01 er s Appeal, in case such Conviction shall be affirmed; and the said Justices, in their next General or

Quarter-sessions, are hereby authorised and required to hear, try, and finally determine the fame.

Upon the Merits of the Cause, and Examination of Witnesses on Oath j and to order Coils tobep m

Tx't t it shall a near as be ju^. t^1T A* all think it reasonable lb to do.

there*was not^ Time f XIV. Provided neverthclcfs, That if it shall appear to ths said Justices, that there was not suffi-

give Noiice topjnirs; cient Time, between such Conviction and such Quarter* sessions, to give Notice to all Parties to at-

in which (Me, it fluil tend such Appeal; that then, it {hall and may b lawful for such Justices to adjourn the Hearing there-

Qu«rterUrntjnstb* ntXt to their next subsequent General or Qyarter-sessions, at which they are hereby lequircd to hear,

lr no^Dtrr min won at trV> anc^ finally determine the fame $ and in case there shall be no Determination on the said Appeal

such Adjournment, at such next or subsequent General or Quarter-session \ the Judgement and Conviction of the Juf-

ludgement to bcinForce. ticeor Justices shall Hand and he in full Force; and no Writ of Certiorari, or any other Process what-

Ko Ccitiei^ri. soever shall be allowed, to remove the Conviction or Order of Sessions, or any other Proceedings^

thereupon, into any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at llrtjhninjlcry or of His Majesty’s Courts oi

Great Session in the Principality of JValcs, or the Counties Palatine.

Vvierm]0^ XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for

any Justice or Justices of the Peace, if he or they shall be inhumed that any Person or Persons can

give any Evidence relating to any of the Offences aforesaid, to summon such Person or Persons to ap-

pear before him or them, and to examine such Person or Personson Oath, in relation thereunto; and

in case such Person or Persons shall refuse or negleiSI to appear pursuant to such Summons, then such

©n RffuTal an?*.’r, Justice or Justices shall issue out iiis or their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending and bring ng such

/ant^C tnd "on ^c, lon 01 Persons before him or them; and in case such Person or Pcifons shall rclule Ho be e xamined

ct,vined, they upon Oath, to commit such Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for Ynch County,

friy be cominiued,&c. Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Town Corporate, there to remain for the Space of One Month,

or until he, flic, or they, shall submit to be examined as aforesaid; and in caL of any Appe- to the

General or Quarter-sessions, to compel such Person or Persons to enter into a Recognizance, with

Condition to appear at the said General or Quarter-sessions, and to give Evidence upon the Trial of

such Appeal,

©envisions to V drawn XVI. And be it further erncled by the Authority aforesaid, That for the more cafy and speedy

y :a the ,cli^w r,2 convicting of any Person or Persons, who shall offend against this Act, or any Orders made under the

Authority of the same, it shall be sufficient for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, who fha I

convict any Person or Per foils of any or either of the said Offences, to draw such Convidtioi

in the following Form of Words, as the Cafe shall happen, or in any other Form of Words to tha

fame Effect (that is to favj

Midd't\ i*

