THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

59 GEORGE III. 1819.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majefty’s Statute and Law Printers;

And fold by J. Botterworth and Son, Law Bookfellers, in Fleet-Street.

1819.

(Price ll. 4s. <5d. in Boards.)

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Palled in the FIRST Seffion of the SIXTH Parliament

OP

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

59 GEORGE III.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

1.	AN Ad to provide for the Care of His Majefty’s Royal Perfon XjL during the Continuance of Hi 8 Majefty’s Illnefs. Page i

2.	An Ad for reviving and further continuing, until the Firft Day

of May One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, an Ad made in the Fifty firft Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad to extend an Ad made in the Eighteenth Tear of Hu late Majefy King Oeorge the Second, to explain and amend the Law touching the Eledions of the Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for England, receding the Expences of Hufiingf and Poll Clerks y fo far as regards the City of Weftminfter.	7

3.	' An Ad for continuing to His Majefty certain Duties on Malt,

Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and oft Penfions, Offices and Perfonal Eftates in England for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen-	Ibid.

4.	An Ad for railing the Sum of Twenty Millions, by Exchequer

Bills, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.	9

5.	An Ad to afcertain the Tonnage of Veffels propelled by Steam.

Ibid.

6.	An Ad to enable His Majefty to dired the Diftribution of any

Reward awarded by the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms or Exciie to the Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, for apprehending Smugglers, in fuch manner as His Majefty fhall be pleafed to appoint.	10

7. An Ad to regulate the Cutlery Trade in England\	11

8.	An Ad to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, an Ad of tne laft Seffion of Parliament, for preventing Aliens from becoming naturalized, or being made or becoming Denizens, except in certain Cafes. 19

9.	An Ad for puniftiing Mutiny and Defertion; and for the better

Payment of the Army, and their Quarters	Ibid.

A 2	10.	An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

to. An Aft for the regulating of His Majefty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.	Page 22

11.	An Aft to indemnify fuch Perfons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themfelves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for certain of thofe Purpofes refpeftively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty; and to permit fuch Perfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attomies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the Firft Day of Hilary Term One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and to allow Perfons to make and file fuch Affidavits, although the Perfons whom they ferved fhall have neglefted to take out tneir Annual Certificates. 23

12.	An Aft to amend the Laws For the Relief of the Poor. 24

13.	An Aft to continue Two Afts of the Fifty fixth and Fifty

eighth Years of His prefent Majefty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horfes ufed for the Purpofes therein mentioned, to the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one ; and to reduce the Duties chargeable under certain Afts of the Forty eighth and Fifty fecond Years of His prefent Majefty, in refpeft of certain Horfes, Mares, Geldings and Mules.	41

14.	An Aft to continue, until the Firft Day of July One thoufand

eight hundred and twenty three, an A A of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, tor permitting the Exportation of Wool from the Britifh Plantations in America.	43

15.	An Aft to continue, until the Firft Day of July One thoufand

eight hundred and twenty one, an Aft 01 the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for	certain	Duties	on	Merchan-

dife imported into Ireland froi	lace	within	the	Limits	of	the

Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies.	44

16.	An Aft to carry into effeft the Treaty with the Netherlands,

relating to the Slave Trade.	Ibid.

17.	An Aft to amend an Aft of laft Seflion of Parliament, for carrying into execution a Convention made between His Majefty arid tne King of Portugal, for the preventing the Traffic in Slaves. 56

18.	An Aft to make perpetual an Aft of the Forty fourth Year of

His prefent Majefty, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Najfau in the I (land of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked IJlandy in the Bahama IJlands, in American Ships coming in Ballaft.	62

19.	An Aft to render, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand

eight hundred and twenty, the growing Produce of the Con-folidatcd Fund of the United Kingdom, arifing in Great Britain, available for the Public Service.	Ilid.

20.	An Aft to enable the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury

to iffue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of fuch Aids or Supplies as have been or fhall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.	66

21.	An Aft to amend feveral Afts for purchafing an Eftate for the

Duke of Wellington.	67

21. An Aft for the further Regulation of His Majefty’s Houfe-hold, and the Care of His Royal Perfon during the Continuance

of His Indifpofition.

69

23* An

* r

{Public General) 50° GEO. III.

tr

33.	An Ad to reflrain, until the End of the prefent Seflion of Par-

liament, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from making Payments in Caflt under certain Notices given by them for that Purpofe.	Page 73

34.	An AA to reftrain, until the End of the prefent Seifion of Par-

liament, the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland from making Payments in the Gold Coin of this Realm, under certain Notices given by them.	73

35.	An AA to enable His Majefty to fix the Rate and direA the

Difpofal of Freight Money, for the Conveyance of Specie and Jewels on board His Majefty's Ships and Veifels.	77

36.	An AA for fixing the Rates of Subfiftence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.	Ibid.

37.	An A A to facilitate the Trial of Felonies committed on board Veflels employed on Canals, Navigable Rivers and Inland N* tk»n%.

38.	An AA to empower Magiftrates to divide the Court of Quarter Seffions.	78

*9- An AA to repeal the Duties on Mineral Alkali, and on Articles containing Mineral Alkali and other Articles, and to impofe other Duties In lieu thereof.	80

30.	An AA for veiling in Commilfioners the Line of Road from

Shrevsbury in the County of Salop, to Bangor Ferry fn the County of Carnarvon, and for difeharging the Truflees under feveral AAs of the Seventeenth, Twenty eighth. Thirty fixth, Forty firft, Forty Second, Forty feventh, and Fiftieth Years of His prefent Majefty, from the future Repair and Maintenance thereof 5 and for altering and repealing fo much of the faid AAs as affeAs the faid Line of Road.	82

31.	An A A to enable certain Commilfioners fuUv to carry into

efficA feveral Conventions for liquidating Claims or Britj/k Subjects and others, againft the Government of France.	Ibid.

33.	An AA to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty two, and amend fo much of an AA made in the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for granting, until the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, additional Duties of Excife in Great Britain, as relates to Tobacco and Snuff and certain Excife Licences.	93

33.	An A A to continue, until the Firft Day of July One thoufand

eight hundred and twenty one, feveral AAs of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of His prefent Majefty, refpeAing the Duties of Cuftoms payable on Merchandife imported into Great Britain, from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies.	04

34.	An AA to amend and render more effeAual feveral AAs for enabling the Commilfioners for the ReduAion of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities, and to empower the faid Commilfioners to grant Annuities for Lives or Years, for promoting the beneficial Purpofes of the Fund commonly called The Waterloo Subfcription. 95

35.	An AA to amend an AA, palled in the Fifty fifth Year of the

Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to facilitate the Admnifiration of Juftice in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by extending Trial by Jury to Civil Caufes.	103

A 3

36. An

vi

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

36.	An Aft to repeal certain Afts now in force for regulating the making and Sale of Bread out of the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange where no Aflize is fet 5 and for eftablifhing other Provifions and Regulations relative thereto.

Page 122

37.	An Aft for further regulating the Qualification of Members to

ferve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland.	136

38.	An Aft to enable His Majefty to make Regulations with refpeft

to the taking and curing Fifh on certain Parts of the Coafts of Newfoundland, Labrador, and His Majefty’s other Poffeffions in North America, according to a Convention made between His Majefty and the United States of America.	137

39.	An Aft for the more frequent Payment, into the Receipt of

the Exchequer at Wejlminfterf of Monies arifing from the Duties of Cuftoms, Excife, Stamps and Poftage in England.	#	140

40.	An Aft to fecure Spiritual Perfons in the Pofieffion of Benefices.

in certain Cafes.	14.x

41.	An Aft to eftablifh Regulations for preventing Contagious Dif-

eafes in Ireland\	142

42.	An Aft for raifmg the Sum of Twelve Millions by way of

Annuities.	146

43.	An Aft to authorife the Receipt and Appropriation of certain

Sums voluntarily contributed by the Moft Noble John Jeffreys Marquis Camden, in aid of the Public Service.	Ibid«

44.	An Aft to amend an Aft palled in the Fifty feventh Year of

His prefent Majefty, for the more effeftual Punifhment of Murders, Manflaughters, Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries committed in Places not within His Majefty9s Dominions, as relates to the Trial of Murders, Manflaughters, Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries ■ committed in Honduras.	148

45.	An Aft to explain and amend certain Afts relative to the Court

of Seflion in Scotland'.	149

46.	An Aft to abolifh Appeals of Murder, Treafon, Felony or other

Offences, and Wager of Battel, or joining Iffue and Trial by Battel, in Writs of Right.	151

47.	An Aft to indemnity Perfons who (hall give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on the Bill for preventing Bribery and Corruption at the Eleftion of Members to ferve in Parliament for the Borough of Barnflaple, in the County of Devon.

48.	An Aft to amend an Aft palled in the Fifty fifth Year of His

prefent Majefty, for granting to His Majefty the Sum of Twenty thoufand Pounds towards repairing Roads between London and Holyhead by Chejler, and between London and Bangor by Shrew/-bury; and for giving additional Powers to the Commifiioners therein named, to build a Bridge over the Menai Straits, and to make a new Road from Bangor Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of Anglefea.	153

49.	An Aft to continue the Reftriftions contained in feveral Afts

on Payments in Cafh by the Bank of England, until the Firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and twenty three, and to provide for the gradual Refumption of fuch Payments; and to permit the Exportation of Gold and Silver.	1 c6

50.	An

7

(Public General) 59° GEO. IIL

Jo. An Aft to amend the Laws refpefting the Settlement of the Poor, fo far as regards renting Tenements.	Page	164

51.	An Aft to relieve Perfons compounding for their Affeffed Taxes, from an Annual Affeffment, for the Term of Three Years. Ibid.

52.	An Aft to repeal the federal Duties of Cuftoma chargeable in

Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.	177

53.	An Aft for granting to His Majefty certain additional Duties

of Excife on Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff, Pepper, Malt and Briti/b Spirits, and confolidating the fame with the former Duties thereon; and for amending certain Laws of Excife relating thereto.	337

54.	An Aft to carry into effeft a Convention of Commerce con-

cluded between His Majefty and the United States of America, and a Treaty with the Prince Regent of Portugal.	jcy

55.	An Aft to extend the Proviiions of Three Afts of the Fifty

fecond, Fifty third, and Fifty feventh Years of His prefent Majefty, for allowing Briti/b Plantation Sugar and Coffee, and other Articles imported into Bermuda in Briti/b Ships to be exported to America in Foreign Veffels, and to permit Articles, the Produce of America, to be imported into Bermuda in Foreign Ships, to certain other Articles.	359

56.	An Aft to make further Regulations as to the Payment of

Nary Prize Orders.	Ibid.

37. An Aft to alter and amend certain Laws of Excife in refpeft to Sak and Rock Salt.	368

5ft. An Aft for facilitating the Recovery of the Wages of Seamen in the Merchant Service.	304

59.	An Aft to extend the Proviiions of an Aft made in the Fifty

fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the Payment of Wages due to deceafed Seamen and	Marines,	to Wages due to inteftate

Baftards.	397

60.	An Aft to permit the Archbiihops of Canterbury and Tori, and

the Bifhop of London, for the time being, to admit Perfons into' Holy Orders fpecially for the	Colonies.	398

61.	An Aft to enable Counties and Stewartries in Scotland to give

aid to Royal Burghs iituated therein, for the purpofe of improving, enlarging or rebuilding their Gaols; or to improve, enlarge or rebuild Common Gaols of Counties and Stewartnes which are not the Gaols of Royal Burghs.	400

ба.	An Aft for the Proteftion of Banks for Savings in Scotland.	406.

63.	An Aft to explain an Aft paffed in the Fifty fifth Year of His

prefent Majefty, for purchafing an Eftate for the Duke of Wellington.	410

64.	An Aft to facilitate Proceedings againft the Warden of The Fleet,

in Vacation.	41 r

65.	An Aft for granting to His Majefty a Sum of Money to be

railed by Lotteries.	412

бб.	An Aft to make farther Proviiions for the Regulation of Cotton

Mills and Faftories, and for the better Prefervation of the Health of young Perfons employed therein.	418

67.	An Aft to continue, until the Thirtieth Day of July One thou-faod eight hundred and twenty, an Aft of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the effeftual Examination of Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the

A it	^	Iflands

vu

r

Tui

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Xflands of Ceylom, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and in the Settlements of the Cape of Gaud Hope*	Page	419

68.	An A& for exonerating the Manor of Dawli/b in the County

of Devon, from the Claims of the Crown againft the Eftate of John Inglett Fortefcue Efquire.	420

69.	An A6t to prevent the enlifting or Engagement of His Majefty’s

Subje&s to ferve in Foreign Service, and the fitting out or equipping, in His Majefty’s Dominions, VefTels for Warlike Purpofes, without His Majefty’s Licence.	Ibid.

70.	An Aj& to repeal certain A&s of the Parliament of Scotland,

regarding Duelling.	4*7

71.	An Aft for raifing a Loan of Twelve Millions from the Com-

miffioner8 for the Reduction of the National Debt.	428

72.	An A6t to grant to His Majefty an additional Duty of Excife

pn Tobacco in Ireland.	430

73.	An A6t to repeal feveral A6fo, requiring the Mailers of VefTels

carrying Certificate Goods to Ireland to take Duplicates of the Contents; prohibiting the Importation of certain wrought Goods, and the Exportation of Gunpowder when the Price fhall exceed a certain Sum.	435

74.	An A A to allow the Importation of Tobacco from the Eajl Indies

and other Places; and for confining the Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain, and the Importation thereof into Ireland, to VefTels of 8eventy Tons Burthen and upwards.	436

75.	An A61 to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thou-

fand eight hundred and twenty. Two A6U, made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fixth Years of His prefent Majelly, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally.	439

76.	An A& to eftablifh further Regulations refpe&ing Advances by

the Bank of England for the Public Service, and the Purchafe of Government Securities by the faid Bank.	440

77.	An A61 to continue, until the Twenty fourth Day of June One

thoufand eight hundred and twenty fix, an A61 for amending the Laws relating to the Allowance of the Bounties on Pilchards exported.	442

78.	An A6fc for transferring the Duty of the Supervifor of the

Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments to tile Comptroller General of the Cuftoma in England.	Ibid.

79.	An A61 to continue, until the Firft Day of Auguft One thou-

fand eight hundred and twenty, Two A6ls of the Forty fifth and Fiftieth Years of His prefent Majefty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders	to	London	and	IVejlminJlcr	by	Inland

Navigation.	443

80.	An A61 concerning Common Recoveries to be fuffered by

Attorney in Courts of Ancient Demefne ; and to explain an A61 of His prefent Majefty, relative to the Sale or mortgaging of Eftates of Lunatics.	444

81 • An A61 to amend an A6fc of the laft Seffion of Parliament, for appointing Commiflioners to inquire concerning Charities in England for the Education of the Poor ; and to extend the Powers thereof to other Charities in England and Wales ; to continue in force until the Firft Day of Augu/l One thoufand eight hundred and twenty three, and from thence	until	the	End	of	the	then	next	Seffion

of Parliament.	445

82.	An

ix

(Public General) 59° GEO. IIL

82.	An A ft to amend an Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of Hi*

prefeat Majefty’s Reign, for enabling the CommiffionerS of Cuf-toms and Port Duties in Ireland to purchafe Premifes for erefting Docks, \Varehoufe8 and Offices in Dublin.	Page 449

83.	An Aft to grant Duties of Cuftoms and to allow Drawbacks on

certain Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles ; and to make further Regulations for fecuring the Duties of Cuftoms in Ireland.	452

84.	An Aft to amend the Laws for making, repairing and improv-

ing the Roads and other Public Works in Ireland, by Grand Jury Prefentments, and for a more effeftual lnveftigation of fuch Preferments, and for further fecuring a true, full and faithful Account of all Monies levied under fame.	4.61

85.	An Aft to amend and correft an Aft of the laft Seflion of Parliament, for the Regulation of Parifh Veftrief iu England.	491

86.	An Aft for regulating the Exercife of the Right of Common

of Pafture in the New Forefi, in the County of Southampton ; for repealing certain Parts of Two Afts palled in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth and the Fifty fecond Years of His prefent Majefty ; and for the better Collection and Recovery of the Gale Rents in the Foreft of Dean, in the County of Glouccjler.	492

87.	An Aft to grant to His Majefty certain Duties of Excife in

Ireland on Malt.	497

88.	An Aft to repeal the annual Excife Duties upon Malt, Tobacco

and Snuff, continued by an Aft of the prefent Seflion* of Parliament, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, for the Service of the Year ending the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.	503

89.	An Aft to continue, until the Tenth Day of 0Sober One thou-

fand eight hundred and twenty four, an Aft made in the Fifty feventh Year of His prefent Majelly, for fufpending a Part of the Duties on Sweets or Made Wines.	505

9a An Aft for the Prevention of Frauds in the Duties on Soap 5 for preferring the Books or Papers called Specimens, left by Officers of Excife on the Premifes of Traders; and for requiring more fpeedy Payment of the Excife Duties on Printed Calicoes.	Ibid.

91.	An Aft for giving additional Facilities in Applications to Courts

of Equity, regarding the Management of Eftates or Funds belonging to Charities.	514

92.	An Aft to enable Juftices of the Peace in Ireland to aft as

fuch, in certain Cafes, out of the Limits of the Counties in which they aftually are ; to make Provifion for the Execution of Warrants of Diftrefs granted by them ; and to authorife them to impofe Fines upon Conftables and other Officers for Negleft of Duty, and on Mailers for 111 Ufage of their Apprentices.	517

93.	An Aft to continue for One Year, and from thence until the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament, an Aft, made in the

Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, to make Provifion for fecuring the Profits of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer in Ireland.	520

94.	An Aft to explain and amend Two Afts, paffed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth and Forty feventh Years of His prefent Majefty, concerning the Difpofition of certain Real and Perfonal Property of Hi* Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors.	521

95. An

X

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

95.	An Ad for confirming ancient Separations of Towns Corporate from Parifhes, in regard to the Maintenance of the Poor. Page 524

96.	An Ad to facilitate the Trials of Felonies committed on Stage

Coaches and Stage Waggons, and other fuch Carriages $ and of Felonies committed on the Boundaries of Counties.	Ibid.

97.	An Ad to extend the Provifions of an Ad made in the Forty

fixth Year of His Majefty *s Reign, intituled An Ad for the more fpeedy Trial of Offences committed in dijlant Parts upon the Seas, to tne Trial of Offences committed in Africa againft the Laws for abolifhing the Slave Trade.	526

98.	An Act to limit the Continuance of the Operation of the feveral

A618 for impofing Fines upon Townlands and Places in Ireland\ in refped of Offences relating to the unlawful D iff illation of Spirits; and to amend the faid Adis 5 and to provide for the more effe&ual Prevention or Supprefiion of fuch Offences.	C27

99.	An Ad to continue, until the Firft Day of June One thoufand

eight hundred and twenty three, the Reftridions on Payments in Cafh by the Bank of Ireland, and to dired the gradual *Refump-tion of Cafh Payments by the faid Bank.	538

100.	An Adi to amend an Adi of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign

of His prefent Majefty, relating to Prifons in Ireland.	542

101.	An Adi to enlarge the Powers of an Adi paffed in the Fifty

fixth Year of His prefent Maiefty, relative to the Tranfportation of Offenders, to continue until the Firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one.	543

102.	An A A for further regulating the Appointment of Game-

keepers in Wales.	544

103.	An Adi to repeal fo much of Two Adis as require certain

Accounts to be laid before Parliament 5 and to amend an Adi of the Twenty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, relative to laying an Account before Parliament.	547

104.	An Adi to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand

eight hundred and twenty, certain Laws of Excife, with regard to Crown Glafs and Flint and Phial Glafs; and to alter certain Laws with regard to Flint Glafs.	548

105.	An Adi tor granting to His Majefty an additional countervailing Duty on Spirits extradled in England or Ireland refped-ively, and imported into Scotland; and for repealing the additional Duty on Licences taken out by Retailers of Sweets in Great Britain; and for exempting from all countervailing Duties the Leather and Glafs of Carriages brought by Perfons for private Ufe from Ireland into Great Britain, or from Great Britain into

Ireland.	552

106.	An Adi to amend the feveral Adis for fecuring the Payment

of the Duties of Excife upon certain Licences, and regulating the iffuing of fuch Licences ; and for fecuring the Duties upon Spirits diflilled by licenfed Diftillers in Ireland.	554

107.	An Adi to confolidate and amend feveral Adis for regulating

the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance ana Protedlion of certain Goods in Ireland.	566

108.	An Adi to amend feveral Ads relating to the Poll Office and

Conveyance of Letters in Ireland.	583

109.	An Ad for the further Encouragement and Improvement of

the Irijb Fifheries.	586

no. An

. (Public General) 59° GEO. III.

i jo. An Ad to remove Doubts refpeding the Dues payable to the Levant Company.	Page 611

in. An Ad to repeal fo much of an Ad, patted in the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, as relates to the Poftage and Conveyance of Letters to and from the Cafe of Good Hofe> Ceylon, the Mauritius, and the Eaft Indies; and to make other Regulations refpeding* the Poftage of fuch Letters and Packets, and other Letters and Packets font by the Poft.	615

112.	An Ad to grant, until the Fifth Day of July One thonfand

eight hundred and twenty one, an additional Bounty on the Exportation of certain Silk Manufadures of Great Britain.	622

113.	An Ad for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed

in the Southern Whale Fifhery.	Ibid.

114.	An Ad to ftay Proceedings againft any Governor or other

Perfons concerned in impofing and levying Duties in Neva South Wales ; to continue, until the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, certain Duties ; and to empower the faid Governor to levy a Duty on Spirits made in the faid Colony.	624

tic. An Ad to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Excife on Plates or Sheets of Plate Glafs, and to impofe other Duties and allow other Drawbacks in lieu thereof.	6fc6

116.	An Ad to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Con-

tingent Expences of the Difembodied Militia in Great Britain; ana for granting Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermafters, Surgeons, Surgeons Mates and Seijeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou-fand eight hundred and twenty.	631

117.	An Ad for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances to Officers and Quartermafters of the faid Militia during Peace. 633

118.	An Ad to give Relief in certain Cafes of Afielbnent of Taxes

in Great Britain, and to Perfons compounding for their Aflefled Taxes in Ireland, from an Annual Afieffment for Three Years, from the Sixth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.	637

119.	An Ad to explain and amend an Ad paffed in the Thirty

firft Year of His Majefty King George the Second, for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, as it relates to certain Allowances to Navy Agents.	643

120.	An Ad for eftablifhing a Kegiftry of Colonial Slaves in Great

Britain, and for making further Provifion with refped to the Removal of Slaves from Britifh Colonies.	645

in. An Ad to make further Regulations for the Prevention of

122.	An Act to permit VefTels under a certain Tonnage to trade

between the United Kingdom and New South Wales.	658

123.	An Ad to empower the Officers of the Cuftoms in Great Britain to allow Reports of VefTels’ Cargoes to be amended; to require Goods which have been warehoufed without Payment of Duties, or being prohibited, warehoufed for Exportation, to be put on board Veftels by Perfons licenfed for that Purpofe; to dircd that Cocquet and Bond (hall be required for Slate and

Stone

The TITLES of die STATUTES,

Stone carried Coaftwife ; and to empower Officers of the Cuftoma to adminifter Oaths.	Page 659

124.	An Aft for amending an Aft made in the Forty third Year of

the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for regulating the Veffels carrying Paflengers from the United Kingdom to His Majefty’s Plantations and Settlements Abroad, or to Foreign Parts, with refpeft to the Number of fuch Palfengers, and for making further Pro-vifion for that Purpofe.	663

125.	An Aft to admit certain Goods imported from the Eajl Indies to Entry and • Payment of Duty without being warehoufed ; and to permit the Exportation of certain Eajl India Goods to Guemfey and Jerjey9 and the Removal of certain India Goods to Liver-

pool, Lancqjler, Brijlol and Glafgotv, foi	portation.	664

126.	An Aft for requiring the like Proof, to obtain Drawback of

Duty on Coals ufed or confumed in calcining or fmelting Tin, Copper or Lead Ores in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, as is required on Coals ufed in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead, in the faid Counties.	666

127.	An Aft for making Provifion for the better Care of Pauper

Lunatics in England.	667

128.	An Aft for the further Proteftion and Encouragement of friendly Societies, and for preventing Frauds and Abufes therein.

129.	An Aft to continue in force, until the Expiration of Three

Calendar Months after the Commencement of the next Seffion of Parliament, Three Afts of His prefent Majefty, for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors in England.	675

130.	An Aft to continue the feveral Afts for the Relief of Infolvent

Debtors in Ireland, until the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.	Ibid.

131.	An Aft for railing the Sum of Sixteen millions five hundred

thoufand Pounds, by Exchequer Bilk, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.	676

132.	An Aft for railing the Sum of Two Millions Briti/b Currency,

by Treafury Bills in Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.	Ibid.

133.	An Aft for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the

Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seffion of Parliament.	Ibid.

x 34. An Aft to amend and render more effeftual an Aft palled in the laft Seffion of Parliament, for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parilhes.	689

135'. An Aft to repeal Two Afts, made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of the Reign of Hi3 prefent Majefty, for maintaining and keeping in repair certain Roads and Bridges in Scotland; to provide more effeftualfy for that Purpofe; and for Regulation of Ferries in Scotland.	705

136.	An Aft for the better Regulation of the General Penitentiary

for Convifts at Millbank.	717

137.	A11 Aft to enable the Direftors of the Poor of the feveral Parifhes within the City of Worcejler, and of the Parilhes united therewith, to fell and difpofe of certain Lands, difcharged of all Claims of the Crown in refpeft of any Forfeiture incurred under

669

the Statutes of Mortmain.

(Public General) 69° GEO, III.

138.	An Ad for appointing Commiflioners for carrying into execution an Ad of this Semon of Parliament, for granting to His Majefty a Duty on Penfions and Offices in England; ana an Ad made in the Thirty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, for granting an Aid to His Majefty by a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight.	Page	724

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. A N Ad to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Ads of His late and prefent Majefty's Reign, for repairing the Roads therein refpedively mentioned and defcribed, in the County of York ; fo far as the faid Ads relate to the Road leading from the South weft Corner of the Inclofures of Harrogate9 through Knarejborough, to Borougbbridge.	Page 726

u.	An Ad for fighting with Gas the City of Briflol, and certain

Parifhes adjacent thereto.	Ibid.

iiL An Ad for regulating the Police of the Burgh cf Colton and Village and Lands of Mile End, in the County of Lanark; paving, cleanfing and lighting the Streets and PaiTages of the faid Diftrid ; and for ereding a Court Houfe, Gaol, and a Bridewell or Workhoufe therein.	Ibid-

hr. An Ad to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Ads patted in the Eighteenth and Thirty eighth Years of His prefent Majefty's Reign, for repairing feveral Roads leading from the Town of Maiden Newtony in the County of Dorfet, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Somerfet and Dorfet.	727

v.	An Ad to incorporate for a further Term the Governor and

Company of the Britijb Plate Glafs Manufadure.	Ibid.

vi. An Ad for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral Ads of His late and prefent Majefty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, fo far as relates to the Road leading from Cbappel Bar, near Nottingham, to St. Mary’s Bridge in Derby, and from the Guide Pojl, in the Parifh of Lentonf to Sawley Ferry.	Ibid.

riL An Ad for more effedually repairing the Road from the Golden Farmery near Bag (hot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertfordbridge Hilly and from thence to Bafing/loke and Odiham, and from Odiham to the Great Weftem Road at Bartley Heath in the County of Southampton ; and alfo from Odiham aforefaid to a Place called the Bull Inn, in the Parilh of Swallowfieldy in the County of Wilts, on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks, to Bqfingftoke aforefaid.	Ibid.

viii.	An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Ads, for repairing the Road from Fryer Bacon’s Study to Chilton Pond,

and

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

and other Roads in the County of Berks, fo far as relates to the Road called Tbs Abingdon DiftriB.	Page 727

ix.	An Aft for abolifhing the rayment of certain Tolls called Ingates

and Out gates, collefted at the leveral Entrances into the Town of Liverpool\ in the County of Laneajler, and of certain Tolls and Stallage now payable in the Markets and Fairs there, and for grantingotherTolls and Stallage in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the faid Markets and Fairs.	Ibid.

x.	An Aft for more effeftually making, Heightening, repairing and

improving the Road from near the Town of Lewes to Polegate, in the Parilh of Hailjham, and from thence to Eajlbourne, and from Polegate to Hailfham Common, in the Countv of Suffix.	728

xi.	An Aft for altering, amending and extending the Provifioni of an

Aft palled in the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and altering the Parilh Church of Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlefex, and for making further Provifion for the Reftor of the faid Parilh, and for improving the Church Yard thereof.	Ibid.

xii.	An Aft for continuing and amending Three Afts of His late and

prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Kighley to Halifax, m the Weft Riding of the	County of Tork.	Ibid.

xiii.	An Aft for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or

from near the City of Carlijle, to the Solway Frith, at or near FifhePs Crofsy in tne Parilh of Bownefs, in the County of Cumberland.	Ibid.

xiv.	An Aft to enable the Juftices of Peace for the County of Brecon

to take down the prefent County Bridge over the River UJi, and to build Two new Bridges over the Rivers Senny and UJk in lieu thereof.	Ibid.

xv.	An Aft for railing a further Sum of Money, by Annuities or

otherwife, for the purpofe of erefting a Workhoufe for the Ufe of the Poor of the Parilh of Saint John of flapping, in the County of Middlefex.	Ibid.

xvi.	An- Aft to enlarge the Powers of Three Afts of HW prefent Majefty, for paving, cleanfing and lighting the Streets and other public Places within the King’s Town of Maidjlone, in the County of Kent, and better fupplying the Inhabitants with Water; and for watching the faid Town, and making public Wharfs therein.

Ibid.

*vii. An Aft for lighting with Gas the Town and Parilh of Cheltenham and Precinfts thereof,	in the County of Gloucejler.	729

xviii.	An Aft for more effeftually repairing the Road from the Toll Houfe Beck, in the Townlhip of Ireby, in the County of Lancajlcr, to Kirkby Lonfdale and Kirltby Kendal, in the County of Wejlmor-land, and through Kirkby Lonfdale to Milnthorp in the faid County.

Ibid.

xix.	An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His

prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road leading from a Place called Morton's Comer, in the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, to the Eaft End of Abinglon Street, in the Town of Northampton.	Ibid.

xx.	An Aft to alter and enlarge the Powers of The Gas Light

and Coke Company, and to amend Three Aft9 of His prefent Majefty relating to the faid Company.	Ibid.

xxi.	An

(Local $ Personal) 59° GEO. III.

ui. An Aft for lighting, watching and clean fin g Long Lane, in the Parifli of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondfey, in the County of Surrey, and the Streets, Lanes, Paflagea and Places contiguous or adjoining thereto within the fame Parifh.	Page	729

xxii. An Aft for providing that the feveral Highways within the Parifh of Manchefter, in the County Palatine of Lane after, fhall he repaired by the Inhabitants of the refpedive Townfhips within which the fame are fituate.	Ibid'.

xxiii. An Ad for fubjeding certain Streets and Places within and adjacent to the Parifh of Saint James, Wejlminjler, in the County of Middlefex, called Optional Streets, to the fame Rates for paving, deanfing and lighting as the other Streets and Places within the (aid Parifh ; and for altering, fo far as relates to the faid Parifh, certain Ads for paving, cleanfing and lighting the Streets and other Places within the City and Liberty of Wejlminjler and Parts adjacent.	Ibid.

xxhr. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Alconbury Hill to Wansford Bridge, and from Norman Croft to Peterborough Bridge, ah in the County of Huntingdon.	Ibid.

xxt. An Ad for repairing the Road from Skelton*s Lane in Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, to a Houfe formerly called The Spread Eagle in the Hamlet of Stratton, in the Parim of Bigglef-iade, in the County of Bedford.	730

xxvi. An Ad for further continuing, until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament, the Powers granted by an Ad of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majejty, for enabling the Commiinoners ading in execution of an Agreement made between the Eaft India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the fame into effed.	Ibid.

. xxvii. An Ad to alter and amend Two Adsof His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for making further Proviiion for certain Officers of the High Court of Chancery.	Ibid.

$x?ni. An Ad for eft abli (King an A flay Office in the City of Glaf-

gow.	733

xxix.	An Ad for altering and amending an Ad for making and

maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Lothian Road near the City of Edinburgh, to join the Forth and Clyde Navigation near FaUnrk, in the County	of	Stirling.	745

xxx.	An Ad for improving the Lighthoufe on the I He of Anglefea,

belonging to the Truftees of the Liverpool Docks, and for further amending the Ads relating to the Docks and Harbour of Liver-pod.	Ibid.

xxxi.	An Ad to enable the Commiflioners for improving the Har-

bour of New Shore ham, in the County of Sujfex, to raife more Money for completing the faid Harbour and the^Works thereto belonging.	Ibid.

Ad for fupplying with Water the Town of Burnley, and a certain Part of tne Town (hip of Habergharn Eaves, both in the Pariih of Whalley,	in	the	County Palatine of Lancafler.	Ibid.

xixiii. An Ad to alter and amend an Ad of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for ereding and maintaining a New Court

Houfe

xxxn.

XT

Tlie TITLES of the STATUTES,

Houfe and other Offices for the City and County of Aberdeeny and for providing and maintaining an additional Gaol for the faid City and County, and for other purpofes relating thereto.

745

xxxiv.	An Aft for paving, lighting, watching and improving the

Town of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancajltr.	746

xxxv.	An Aft for building a new Church in the Pariffi of Saint

Luke, Chelfeaj in the County of Middlefexy and for other purpofes relating thereto.	.	Ibid.

xxxvi.	An Aft for repairing and enlarging the Church of the Parifti

of Mitcham, in the County of Surrey y and providing an additional Burial Ground thereto.	Ibid.

xxxvii.	An A A for defraying the Expences incurred in taking

down, rebuilding and enlarging the Chapel of Saint Hilds, in the Parifti of Jarronvy in the County Palatine of Durham.	Ibid.

xxxviii.	An Aft for building a Chapel of Eafe in the Parifh of

Boflon, in the County of Lincoln.	Ibid.

xxxix.	An Aft for eftablifhing a Seleft Veftry in the Parifh of Saint

P oner as y in the County of Middlefex, and for other purpofes relating thereto.	Ibid.

xl. An Aft for lighting the City of Carli/le9 and the Suburbs thereof, with Gas.	Ibid.

xli. An Aft for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Kettering to the Town of Northampton> in the County of Nor-thampton.	Ibid.

xlii. An Aft to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloucejler to the Town of Stroudy in the County of Glou-cejler.	Ibid.

xliii. An Aft for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Afts of the Reign of His late and prelent Majefty, for amending feveral Roads therein mentioned, fo far as relate to the Road from Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge • in the County of Flint; and for making a new Branch of Road from the faid Road at a Place near Abermorddu to Moldy in the faid County of Flint.	Ibid'.

xliv. An Aft for repairing and improving the Trowbridge Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerfet.	747

xlv. An Aft: for more effeftually repairing the Road from Brickers Barn, in the Parifh of Corjhamy in the County of Wilts, to the Road leading from Kingfdown to Bath Eajlouy in the County of Somerfet.

Ibid.

xlvi. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Eve/bam Bridge9 in the County of Worcejlery to Alcejlery in the County of Warwick.

Ibid.

xlvii. An Aft for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Bridgey in the County of Middle-fexy to Sparrow9s Heme, in the County of Hertford.	Ibid.

xlviii. An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral Afts of His late and prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Harnbam Hilly near the City of New Sarum9 through Blandford and DorcheJlcry to AJkerwell Hill; *nd from Harnbam

Hill

[Local 4* Personal) 59° GEO. III.

ffiS aforefaid, to % Houfe called Mafter Baker’s Farmhoife, in the Countie* of Wiks and Dorfct.	Page 747

zlix. An A61 for repairing the Road from Brom/grove in the County of WorccJUr to Birmingham in the County of Warwick.	Ibid•

L An Ad to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an A61 of His prefent Majefly, for repairing the Road from Atcham to Condovcr and Dorrtngton, and other Roads in the faid Ad mentioned, in the County of Salop,	748

li. An Ad for more effeduajly repairing the Road from CTdheroe tg Wbailey, and from thence to Blackburn and Mellor Brook, in the County Palatine of Eancaftcr; and for making a Branch of Road between Blackburn and tVhalley.	Ibid•

hi. An Ad for continuing and amending an Ad of His prefent Majefly, for repairing feveral Roads in the Counties of Somerfet and Darjjei\ paffing through or near the Town of Teovil; and for repairing the Road from Mudford Bridge to Marjlon Elm, in the faid County of Somerfet.	Ibid*

liii. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Ads, for repairing the Roaa from Dewjbury to Edand, in the Well Riding of the County of York.	Ibid.

lir. An Ad for reviving and continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majefly, for repairing the Road leading from Stratford upon Avon to EdgbiU in the County of Warwick.	Ibid.

It. An Ad for improving the Harbour of Bude% in the County of Cornwall; and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the faid Harbour of Budfi to or near the Village of Thorn. . bury, in the County of Devon, and divers Branches therefrom, all in the faid Counties of Cornwall and Devon.	Ibid.

hi. An Ad for more effedually maintaining and amending the Road firpm Crofrford Bridge to the Town of Manchefer, in the County Palatine of Lancqfier.	Ibid*

Irik An Ad for more effedually making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads in the County of Elgin; and for more effect tually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the faid County, for repairing the Highways and Bridges therein. 749 Iriii. An Ad for more effedually making, amending and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the Counties of Durham and Berwick 1 and Liberties of Berwick upon Tweed; for repairing and maintaining certain other Roads therein mentioned ; and for improving the Entrance to the Town of Berwick upon Tweed•

Iked.

lit. An Ad for continuing, altering and enlarging the Terms and Powers of feveral Ads for making and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Lanark, Ayr apd Renfrew, and building a Bridge over the River Clyde at Damamock, and for making and maintaining a Road from the Confines of the County of Ayr towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries Ibid. lx. An Ad to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Ad of His urefent Majefly for repairing the Bonds leading into the City of Hereford, and feveral Roads communicating therewith ; for transferring the Road from Worms low Tump %9 Harewood, from the Mqdlcy\Q> the Hereford Diftrid, and for making a new Road froip the 59 Geo. III.	a

XYU

xviti

The TITLES "of the STATUTES,

Woodf in the Parifh of Hmtland, to the Confines df the Pariift of Ganertw, in the County of Hereford, as a Third Diftrift.

Page 749

Ixi. An Aft for railing further Sums of Money for building and fup-porting the Meath Hofpital and County of Dublin Infirmaiy. Ibid* lxii. An Aft for amending feveral Afts of His prefent Majefty, relating to the Coventry Canal Navigation.	Ibid.

ixiii. An Aft for repairing and altering, and taking down and rebuilding, certain Parts of the Parifh Church of Saint John the Baptifiy Peterboroughy in the County of Northampton.	Ibid.

lxiv. An Aft to alter and amend the feveral Aftspafled for making and maintaining the LancaRer Canal Navigation.	750

Ixv. An Aft for taking down and rebuilding the'Parifli'Church of Blackbumy in the County Palatine of Lancafier ; and for providing additional Burial Ground, and' for equalifing the Church Rates in the faid Parifli, and other purpofes.	Ibid*

lxvi. An Aft for altering and amending the feveral Aft8 pafled for making a Canal from the Grand JunSion Canaly in the Parifh of Paddingtony to thev River Thames, in the Parifh of Limeboufcy in 'the County of Middlefex.	Ibid.

lxvii. An Aft for altering and enlaiging the Powers of an Aft pafled in the Forty fixth Year of the Keign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for fupplying the City and Suburbs of Glaf-gow with Water.	Ibid.

lxviii. An Aft for better fupplying the Town of Birminghnmy in the County of Warwiciy with Gas.	Ibid.

lxix. An Aft for enabling the Governor mid Guardians of the Poor of the City of Glouccfler to light the faid City with Gas, and to enter into the neceflary Contrafts for that Purpofe.	Ibid..

lxx. An Aft to provide for the Eleftion of Truftees of the Royal Exchangey Dublin•	Ibid.

lxxi. An Aft for paving, lighting, watching, cleanfmg, regulating and improving the Borough of Newcaflle under Lyme.	Ibid.

lxxii. An Aft for altering and amending an Aft of the Fifty firft Year of His prefent Majefty, for paving, lighting and cleanfmg the City of PertPy and for maintaining Police-and good Order within . the faid City.	Ibid.

lxxiii. An Aft for better paving, cleanfing and lighting the Parifhes of Saint Giles in the Fields and * Saint George Bloom/bury9 in the County of Middlefexy and for vefting the foie Management thereof in the Veftrymen of the faid Parifhes, and a Committee of the Inhabitants thereof.	.751

lxxiv. An Aft for paving, lighting, cleanfing and otherwife improving the Town of Saint Neots9 in the County of Huntingdon. Ibid. lxxv. An Aft for paving and otherwife improving the Town of Rom-fordy in the Liberty of Havering atte Bower, in the County of

lxxvi. An Aft for draining, preferving from Water, and improving certain low Lands and Grounds, lying in the feveral Parifhes of Congrejburyy Puxtony Winfcombcy Banwelty Churchilly Kewfloke, Week Saint Lawrencey and Tattony in the County of Somerfet.	Ibid.

lxxvii. An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty for draining, inclofing and improving the 17	Lands.

(Local	Personal) '59° GEO. III.

Lands called Borough Fen Common, and the Four Hundred Acre Common, in the County of Northampton, and for forming the fame into a Parifh, to be called Newborough, and for building and endowing a Church for fuch Parifh.	Page	751

lxxviii. An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for draining and preferving certain Fen loads and Low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fen9 called Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam otherwife Grant, Weft ; and the Hardlands of Bottifbam, Swaffham Bulbed, and Swaffham Prior,	Eall ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.	Ibid.

xxix. An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral AAs of His prefent Majefty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of th^ Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and other Lands therein mentioned ; and for improving the Navigation of the River Ou%e, in the County of Norfolk, and of the feveral Rivers communicating therewith.	Ibid.

Ixxx. An Ad for more effedually repairing and improving the Road from Bradford to Wakefield, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork.	752

Ixxxi. An Ad for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road to branch off from the Great North Road at the South End of Bamf-dale through Pontefraff, and from thence to a certain Place called Thwaite Gate, all in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork. Ibid. lxxxii. An Ad for continuing and amending Three Ads of His late and prefent Majefty for repairing feveral Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, and tor repairing feveral other Roads in the faid County, communicating with the Roads comprifed in the faid Ads.	.	.	Ibid.

Ixxxiii. An Ad for .making and maintaining a Road from Marl-isorough, to the prefent Turnpike Road at or near Coate, in the Parifh of Liddington, in the County of Wilts.	Ibid.	«•

Ixxxiv. An Ad to continue and amend Three Ads for repairing the Roads from Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinkfey Hill to Foxcombe HiU Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, fo far as relates to the Oxford Diftrid of the faid Roads.	Ibid.

Ixxxv. An Ad for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Runcorn to Northwich, in the County Palatine of Chefler. Ibid. Ixxxvi. An Ad for more effedually repairing and approving the Road from Shrewfbury to Prefon Brockhurjl, to Shawbury and to Sbreybill, and other Roads in the County of Salop.	Ibid.

Ixxxvii. An Ad for making and maintaining a Road from the Tun-fall and Bofley Turnpike Road at GiUow Hollow, in the Parifh of Biddulpb, in the County of Stafford, to Park Lane, communicating with the Congleton and Leek Turnpike Road, near Dane-infbaw Bridge in the County of Chefler, with a Branch to the laid TunflaB and Bofley Turnpike Road at Lich Lane, in the faid Panih of Biddulpb.	7^3

Ixxxviii. An Ad Tor repairing, widening, improving and maintaining in Repair the feveral Roads leading to and from the Town of Brishorf, and for making a new Line of Road to communicate with lie 4ne.	Ibid.

a 2	lxxxix.	An

xix

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Ixxxix. An Ad for repairing and improving feveral Roads leading to and from the Town of Bradford, in the County of Wilts ; ana for maintaining a Bridge over the River Avon, at Stokrfbrd, in the faid County.	Page	7C3

xc. An Ad for altering and amending Two A6U pafled in the Fifty fixth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for improving the Road from the City of Glafjgow to the City of CarBfle.	Ibid*

xci. An A61 for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Huddersfield to ?«i-fone, in the County of Tori.	Ibid.

xcii. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of feteral Ads relating to the Road from the Town of Leeds9 through Hare* wood, to the South Weft Corner of the Inclofures of Harrogate, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tori.	Ibid*

xciii. An Ad to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Heywood, to-a Place called the Land?* End in Prcjlvjicb, in the County Palatine of Lancajler.	Ibiek

xciv. An Ad for amending the Road from Tadcafier to Holton Dyal, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tori.	754,

xcv. An Ad for repairing, widening and improving the feveral Roads round the City of nrijlol, and for making certain new Lines of Road to communicate with the fame.	Ibid*

xcvi. An Ad for enlarging the Term' and Powers of Three Ad# of His prelent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads in the Counties of Worcefcr, Stafford and Salop, to far as relate to the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly nail, and other Roads therein mentioned ; and for repairing another Road in the faid Counties of Stafford and Salop, or one of them.	Ibid*

xcvii. An Ad for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Tenter den to the Town of Afhford, in the County of Kent; and for making a new Branch of Road therefrom, to communicate with the Town of Biddendeo, in the faid County. Ibid* xcviii. An Ad for further continuing the Term and enlaraing the Powers of Two Ads, patted in the Seventeenth Year and Thirty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for repairing and widening feveral Roads leading to, through and from the Towns of Bala and Dolgelly, in the County of Merioneth, and .other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh and Salop; and for repairing feveral other Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh.	Ibid*

xcix. An Ad for continuing and.amending Three Ads of His late and prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Bronm’s Lane is Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Way Poft near WelBngborongh Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from die Pound in the Kimbolton, to the Way Poft near Bringttm Bridge, in the faid County of Northampton.	Ibid*,

c* An Ad to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of feveral Ads of His late and prefent Majefty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from the North Eaft Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parifti Church of Nuffield, in the County of Oxford, through Walling*

19	yw

(Local if Personal) 59* GEO. IIL

ford to Wantage, and from thence to Faringdon, in the County of Barks.	Page	7c	5

d An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads, paged in the Seventeenth and Thirty fixth Years of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Bedford to Woburn, and alfo the Road branching out of the fame in Kempfion Fiddy in the County at Bedford.	ibid.

di. An Ad	for	continuing	the	Term and enlarging the Powers

of an Ad of His prefent Majefty *s Reign, for amending the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow on the Hilly in the County of MiddUfex.	ibid.

cm. An Ad to alter and amend an Ad patted in the Fifty fifth Year of His prefont Majefty, for improving the Harbour of Dundee-, in the County of Forfar.	Ibid.

civ. An Ad for giving further Powers to the Company of Pro-

Kors of the Portjmoutb and Arundel Navigation, and to the pany of Proprietors of the Wey and Arun Jundion Canal, and to confirm an Agreement entered into between the faid Companies.

. Ibid.

cv. An Ad to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to make a Navigable Cut, and sdfo a Collateral Branch or Railway, from their faid Canal at Henms Bridge near Wigan* to join the Duke of Bridgewater** Canal at Leigh, all in the County Palatine of Lancafier; and to amend the Several Ads relating to the faid Leeds and Liverpool Canal, and an Ad for making tne Rochdale Canal, fo far as relates to certain Powers therein given to the late Duke of Bridgewater• *	Ibid.

cvi. An Ad to explain and amend an Ad of the-Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repealing an Ad of the Twenty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the Improvement of the River Weary and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham ; and for the more effedual Preservation and further Improvement of the fame River, Port and Haven.	756

oii.	An Ad to eftablifh a Company for lighting the Borough of Newcq/llc under Lyme with Gas.	Ibid.

cviii. An Ad to repeal Part of an Ad made in the Fifty firft Year of His prefont Majefty, for paving, cleanfing, lighting and watching the Streets, aid otherwise regulating the Ponce of die Town of Dumfries.	Ibid.

dx. An Ad for more effedually improving and repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin* to Navast* in the County of Meath.	Ibid.

cx. An Ad for making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads within the County of Dumfries, and the other Highways, Bridges and Ferries therein; and for more effedually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the faid County.	Ibid.

cxL An Ad to vary and alter certain Ads of His prefent Majefty, relating to the Grand Jundion Canal, the Grand Jundion Water Works, and the Regents Canal% in order to effed an Exchange of Water, for the better Supply of the Regents Canal Navigation and Grand Jundion Water	Works.	Ibid.

fdL An Ad for amending an Ad of His prefent Majefty, re-fpediag the Application of certain Surplus Monies paid for mea-

a 3	faring.



The TITLES of the STATUTES,

furing, fearching and fealing Woollen Cloth, in the Weft Riding of the County of Fork.	Page	756

cxiii. An Ad for ereding, improving, regulating and maintaining Ferries and Paifages acrofs the River Tay, in the Counties of Fife and Forfar.	757

cxiv. An Ad for repairing and improving, or rebuilding the Church at Barnjley, in the Weft Riding of the County of York, and for improving and enlarging the Church Yard and Burial Grounds thereof.	^	Ibid.

cxv. An Ad for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from Crabtree, in the Parifti of Egg Buckland, in the County of Devon, to communicate with the Prifon of War on the Foreft of Dartmoor, in the Parilh of Lydfdrd, in the faid County. Ibid. cxvi. An Ad for more effedually fupplying the City of Edinburgh and Places adjacent with	Water-	Ibid.

cxvii. An Ad to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Cranjlonhill Water Works to improve their Wqrks.	Ibid.

cxviii. An Ad for paving, cleaniing, lighting and watching the Town of Harwich, in the County of EJJex, and fupplying the fame with Water.	Ibid.

cxix. An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral A ds of His prefent Majefty, for amending and rendering more effedual feveral Ads for paving, cleaniing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes and other Places in the City and Liberties of Wefminjlcr, and Parts adjacent; and for putting certain Streets therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets, under the Management of Parochial Committees, fubjed to the Controul of Commiffioner8; and for other Purpofes, as far as the fame relate to a Street and ■ Paflage, called Holborn and Middle Row, in the Parifh of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars, in the County of

Middlefex.	Ibid.

cxx. An Ad for paving, cleaniing, lighting, watching, watering, planting and otherwife improving Edwardes Square, Earl's Terrace, Leonard Place, Edwardes Place, Kenfington Place Eqfl, and Kenfington Place Wejl, in the Pariih of Saint Mary Abbott's, Kenfington, in the County of Middlefex.	Ibid.

cxxi. An Ad to repeal fo much of an Ad of the Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Monmouth, as relates to the Pont Pool and UJk Diftrids of Road, and for granting other Powers in lieu thereof, and for making a new Branch of Road from the faid UJk Diftrid. 758 cxxii. An Ad to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majefty *s Reign, for repairing the Road from the Guide Poll in the Village of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford, through Kidlington, to the End of the Mileway in the City of Oxford.	Ibid*

cxxiii. An Ad for making and maintaining feveral Roads in the Counties of Roxburgh and Selkirk.	Ibid.

cxxiv. An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ad pafted in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Tewkejbury in the County of Gloucejler, and other Roads therein mentioned, fo far as fuch Ad relates to the Road'from Stump Crofs in the Pariih of Didbrook, to Stow on the Wold, in the Codnty of Gloucejler.	Ibid.

cxxv« An

(Local % Personal) 59° GEO. III.	scxki

■cxxv. An Ad for authorifing the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Navy to eftablifh a Market at the Town of Pembroke Dock, in the County of Pembroke, and to make Regulations for the paving, lighting, cleanfing and good Order of the faid Town. Page 758 exxvi. An Ad to rebuild Windfor Bridge, in the Borough of New Windfor, in the County of Berks i and to improve the Avenues thereto.	Ibid.

cxxvii. An Ad to alter and amend an Ad made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS 4o repeal the Ads now in force relating to Bread to be fold in the City ©/“London, and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of MortaBtj, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange ; and to prevent the Adulteration of Meal, Flour and Bread, and to regulate the Weights of Bread within the fame Limits* '	Ibid.

cxxviii. An A6t for amending and keeping in repair the Mail Coach Road leading from Banbridge in the County of Down, \o Belfafl. in. the County of Antrim.	759

PRIVATE ACTS,-

PRINTED BY THE KING’S PRINTER,

AND.WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN’ IN EVIDENCE.

1.	A N Ad for inclofing certain Lands in the Parifh of Bitton

XJL in the County of Gloucefter.	760

2.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Kelton and

Arlecdon, in the Parifhes of Lamplugh and Arlecdon, in the County of Cumberland.	Ibid•

3.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Clone and Manheim,

in the County of Kildare.	Ibid.

4.	An Ad for facilitating Partition of the Eftates of Charlotte

Myddelton Biddulph Widow, the Honourable Frederick Weft and Maria his Wife, and Harriet Myddelton Spinfter, whereof Partition haw been decreed to be*made by His Majefty’s High Court of Chancery.	•	Ibid.

y. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Tithing of Rodbome, in the Parifh of Saint Paul, Malmfbury, in the County of Wilts. -	761

6.	An Ad to enable the Curate and Patron of the Curacy of the

Parochial Chapel of the Chapelry of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancafter, for the time being, to grant Leafes of the Glebe Lands belonging to the faid Curacy.	Ibid.

7.	An Ad for veiling a Moiety of a yearly Rent of Four hundred

Pounds, difeharged from certain Entails created therein, in Truftees, for Georgiana Amelia Countefs de Durfort, in truft for Sale.	Ibid.

An Ad for veiling certain Eftates devifed by the Will and Codicil of Mary Spencer Widow, deceafed, in Truftees, to be fold for the Purpofes therein mentioned.	Ibid.

9.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Bambrough, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork.	Ibid*

a 4	10.	An

uiv

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

10.	An Ad for inclofing Lands within the Parifh of Eafi Drayton,

in the County of Nottingham.	Pare	761

11.	An Ad to amend an Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor

of Beddington, in the Manor of Bandon, in the County of Surrey ; and to determine the Boundary of the Parifh of Beddington, and the adjoining Parifh, upon a certain Common called Mitebam Common, Part whereof is intended to be inclofed under the faid A d.	Ibid.

12.	An A61 for inclofing Lands within the Parifhes of Martock and

Mucbelnejt in the County	of Somerfet.	Ibid.

13.	An Ad for allotting Lands in the Parifh of Durrington, and in

the Tithing of Knighton, in the Parifh of Figbektean, in Jthe County of Wilts.	762

14.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Eafi Rudhamf

•	Weft Rainham,	and HeThoughtony in the County of Norfolk. /£&/•

15.	An Ad for inclofing Fariftgton Mofs9 and other Commons and Wafte Grounds within the Manor and Townfhip of Faringtony in the Parifh of Penwortham, in the County Palatine oiLancq/ler.

Ibid.

16.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Townfhip of Penfion, in the

Weft Riding of the County of Tork9 and for the Commutation of Tithes within the fame Townfhip.	Ibid.

17.	An Ad for inclofing and leafing or letting certain Commons or Parcels of Wafte Ground, called Oker Sill and Grofs Greeny within the Townfhip of Wenfiey and Snittertony in the Parifh of Darleyf in the County of Derby ; and for applying the Rents and

. Profits thereof in aid of the Poors Rate of the (aid Townfhip.

Ibid.

18.	An Ad for inclofing Lands within the Parifh of TelTtng9 in the

County of Huntingdon* and for making a Compensation for the Tithes.	Ibid.

19.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Stanton Lacy

and Bromficld9 in the County of Salop.	763

20.	An Ad to authorise the Sale of Lands fettled for the perpetual Augmentation of the Curacy of Morton9 in the County of Salop.

Ibid.

ti. An A^d for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the PofTeflion8, Revenues and Goods of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow on the HiUy in the County of MiddUfcxj to grant Building Leafes of certain of the Grounds and Eftates heretofore of the laid John Lyon. Ibid. 22. An Ad to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hertford to rebuild the Almfhoufes of Saint Catherine* e Hofpitai, in tne Borough of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford; and for the better Regulation of the Affairs of that Chanty.	Ibid.

2.3. An Ad to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to dif-charge certain Debts incurred in repairing the Cathedral Church of Hereford.	Ibid.

24. An Ad for empowering Truftees to fell certain Freehold and Copyhold Eftates, devHed by the Will of John Broadhurfi Enquire, and to lay out the Purchafe Money arifing from the Sale thereof m the Purchafe of other Eftates to be fettled in lieu thereof, > and to the fame Ufes.	Hid.

>5* An Ad for effeding an Exchange of certain Eftates in die w	County

XXV

(Private, printed,) 59° GEO. IIL

Comity of WorceJUr, in part devifed by the Will of Arthur Cbarktt Efquire, and in part purclfefed under the Diredions thereof, for certain other Eftates in the Countie® of Worcefer and Hertford, belonging to James Wakeman Newport Efquire* Page 763

26.	An A6t for enabling William Archer Discon, and other the

Guardian or Guardians for the time being of Thomas Fenton, an Infant, to grant Building Leafes of One Moiety of certain Free* hold Lands called Spice Jjland, in the Pariih of Saint George, in the County of ATtddleJex,	Ibid.

27.	An Ad for vetting certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of

Gortby, comprifed in a Deed of Entail made by the Truftees of David Stewart Monereiffe Efouire, deceafed, in Truttees, to fell the fame, and apply the Purchafe Money arifing by fuch Sale in the Payment of tne Land Tax due out of the faid Ettate, and certain other Entailed Eftates defcendible to the Heirs taking under the faid Deed; for purchafing and entailing other Lands more conveniently fituated; and for granting Power to feu certain Parts of the faid Entailed Eftates.	764

28.	An Ad to confirm the Title of the Mott Noble WiHiam Spencer Duke of Dtvonjhire, to the Manors of Brindle and Infkip, and Eftates in Brindle, Infkip and Ecclejton, in the County of Lancafer,

Ibid.

29.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in Winton cum Barmjlon, and

Barmjlon, in the Pariih of Barmjlon, in the Eaft Riding of the Comity of Tori.	Ibid.

30.	An Ad for inciofing and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Manor and Pariih of Thornton in Craven, in the County of Tori. Ibid.

Jl* An Ad for inciofing Aldington Freight, otherwife Aldington Frith, in the Pariih of Aldington, in the County of Kent.	Ibid.

52.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Pariih of. Ingham, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

33. An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Pariih of Harlingfon, in the County of Middlesex,	Ibid*

34 An Ad for vetting certain Eftates in the Counties of Wilts, Warwick, Gl&uctflcr, Worcefer and* Durham, deviled by the Will of Thomas Edwards Freeman Efquire, deceafed, in Truftees, to be fold; and for laying out the Money arifing from fuch Sale, in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to the fame Ufe*.	*	765

35.	An Ad for confirming and eftablilhing Leafes and Contrads

for Leafes made by the Truftees and Executors of the Will of Thpnuu Holloway Efquire, deceafed, of certain Parts of his Freehold, Copyhold and Leafehotd Eftates and Property; and for enabling them to make Leafes and Contrads for Leafes of other Parts of the fame Eftates and Property, in manner therein mentioned.	Ibid,

36.	An Ad for inciofing Lands in the Pariih of WJl Walton, in

the County of Norfolk,	Ibid,

37.	An Ad for incorporating the Truftees of the Charities of

Jkfepb Evans, late of Belevan, in the County of Kilkenny, Efquire, deceafed, and for veiling in the laid Truftees fo incorporated, Real and Perfonal Eftates of the faid Jofeph Evans, for tne Support of the faid Charities.	Ibid.

38.	An Ad for veiling the Settled Eftates of Lancelot Rollefion,

Efquire,

Xxvi

Tte TITLES of the STATUTES,

Efquire, in Hucknall Torkard, in the County of Nottingham* iir Truftees, to be fold, for paying off Incumbrances, and for pur-chafing other Eftates with the Keiidue of the Purchafe Monies, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	Page 765

39. An Aft to empower the Committees of Thomas Smyth Bfquire, a Lunatic, to grant Leafes of Eftates vetted in him as Tenant in Tail Male ; and for confirming certain Leafes already granted by them.	Ibid.

40* An Aft to enable the Committees of. the Eftate of Thomas Smyth Efquire to' fign Con fen ts to Leafes of Parts of the Glebe belonging to the Vicarage of the Church of Camberwell, and for i	vetting Part of the Glebe in Truftees for Sale, for the Purpofes

.	therein mentioned.	Ibid.

41.	An Aft'for in doling Lands in the Paritti of Norton m Hales,

in the County of Salop.	766

42.	An Aft for vetting the Eftates devifed by the Will of Hannah Po*wnaIl Widow, deceafed, fituate in the County of York, in Truftees, for Sale ; and for invefting the Purchafe Money in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to the former Ufes* Hid.

43.	An Aft for vetting in Fee-limple in the Right Honourable . George Earl of Aberdeen, or the Heir of Entail in Pofleffion, certain

Parts of the entailed Lands and Barony of Fedderat, in the County of Aberdeen, upon entailing certain other Lands in the Couni* f

AJUCidbCcTly CUUlYdlCUL 111 V dlUC lUCrCUlt	,

44.	An Aft for vetting the Manor of Oram, and certain Meffuages,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Sujfex, Part of the Settled Eftates by the Will of Samuel Bunt Efquire, deceafed, in Truftees, to be fold, and for vetting the Money arif-ing from fuch Sale in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled to#the fame Ufes.	Ibid.

45.	An Aft for affifting the rebuilding of London Houfe, belonging

to the See of London.	Ibid.

46.	An Aft for vetting certain Eftates, devifed by the Will of Jofeph

Fayrer, and now held in undivided Shares, in a Truftee, to be fold; and for invefting the Purchafe Monies of the Shares of fuch of the Parties interefted as are Infants, in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be conveyed to them, according to their refpec-tive Rights and Interefts, in lieu of fuch Shares.	770

47.	An Aft to empower the Truftees of the Will of the late Peter Bernard; Surgeon; to grant Building Leafes of Land devifed by his faid Will, iituated in the Town and County of Southampton.

48.	An Aft for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty, far better regulating the Charity of John Shaftoe of Nether Warden, in the County 01 Northumberland. Ibid.

49.	An Aft for incloling Lands in the Paritti of Alvingham, in the

Aberdeen, equivalent in Value thereto.

Ibid.

County of Lincoln.

Ibid.

rKi-

(Private, not printed,) 69° GEO. III.

- xxrii

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

50.	A N Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parishes of Chulham and l\. Wefiboume, in the County of Sujfex, and in the Pari(h of WarbUngton, in the County of Southampton.

.	[Provifo for Titles.']

51.	An Ad to authorife the Cutting and Sale of a limited Quantity of Timber off the Eftates of The Right Honourable John, late Lord Selfey, fituated in the County of Suffix, for Payment of his Debts, and for impofing certain Reftridions on the cutting of Timber off the fame Eftates in future Years.

52.	An Ad for inclofing Lands .in the Manor of Rawridge, and Parifh of Utottery, in the County of Devon.

53.	An Alt for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Firjby in the County of Lincoln.

[RedoPs Allotment ring fenced.]

54.	An Ad for dividing,. allotting and inclofing certain L^rnds within the Parifh of SydJing Saint Nicholas otherwile Broad Sydling, and UpfydTtng, in the County of Dorfet.

55.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Alvechurch, in the County of Worcejler.

56. An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Tithings of Hayden, Hayden Wick, and Moreden, in the Parifh of Rodbome Cheney, in the County of Wilts.

57.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Leqfingham, in the County of Lincoln.

58. An A 61 for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Over Whit acre, in the County of Warwick.

[ Allotment to perpetual Curate in lieu of Great Tithes, and for Glebe. Exoneration• from Great Tithes. Power of leafing to perpetual Curate, with Confent of Bi/bop and Patron. Provifo for Modufes.]

59.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Selfey, in the County

of Sujfex.	,

60.	An Ad for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Cumberworth, in the County of Lincoln.

^Allotment to Re dor for Glebe and Common Right. Allotment for great and fmall Tithes. Allotment, and Money Payments in lieu of all Tithes. Glebe and Tithe Allotments fenced. Tithes payable till Allotments made. Power to Re dor to leafe Allotment.]

61.	An Ad for inclofing Lands, within the Manors of Great Broughton and Little Broughton, in the Parifh of Bridekirk, in the County of Cumberland.

[Allotment to George Whittaker in lieu of Tithes of Corn, &c. Allotment to Vicar of Bridekirk, in lieu of Vicarial Tithes• Powers of leafing and building to Vicar of Bridekirk.]

62.	An AdTor inclofing 'Lands within the Townfhip of Greyfouthen,

, in the Manor of Five Towns with Eaglesfield, and in the Parifh of

Brigham, in the County of Cumberland*

[Allotments for Tithes of Ancient Inclofures and Commons.]

63.	An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

63.	An Aft to dilTolve the Marriage of John Trelawny with Caroline his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

64.	An A A to dilTolve the Marriage of Richard Halford the Younger, Banker, with Sarah Toumay Halford his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other Purpofes.

65.	An A A to dHTolve the Marriage of JVilliam Procher Thomas, Clerk, with Arabella Maria his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again 5 and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

66.	An A6t to dilTolve the Marriage of John Clitherow Efquire, Captain in His Majedy’s Third Regiment of Guards, and a Lieutenant Colonel m the Army, with Sarah Clitherow, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

67.	An A61 for vetting the Lands and Hereditaments comprifed in the Deeds of Entau made by Sir Andrew Ramfay of Abbot/ball, and George Muirhead Writer in Edinburgh, lying in the rarilh of Whittingham, and Conftabulary or Sheriffdom of Haddington9 and now by virtue of the faid Entails in the Poffettion of Robert Walter Lord Blantyre in Truftees, in truft to fell the fame, and invett the Money arifmg by fuch Sale in the Purchafe of other Lands and Hereditaments to be fettled and fecured to the fame Series of Heirs, and under the fame Conditions and Limit-

. ations, as are contained in the faid Deeds of Entail; and for Payment to the faid Robert Walter Lord Blantyre of what he has advanced for Redemption of the Land Tax of his entailed Eftates.

68.	An Aft for vetting in Edward Parkins Efquire, and his Heirs, a certain Meffuage, Lands and Hereditaments in Rifden, other-wife Ri/hden, otherwife Ru/hden, in the County of Hertford, dif-charged from the Ufes limited by the Will of Edward Sparbaule Efquire, deceafed, and by the Marriage Settlement of the faid Edward Parkins; and for fubftituting and fettling another Meffuage, Lands and Hereditaments, in Herford/biref in lieu thereof, and to the like Ufes.

69.	An Aft for incloling Lands within the Manor and Town-fhip of Boltonf in the Parifh of Calverley, in the Weft Riding of the County of York.

[Power to Vicar to leafe Allotment. Plan of the King’s Allotment to be fent to the Clerk of the Duchy of Lanca/ler.']

70.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands within the Parilh of Hoveton Saint John, in the County of Norfolk.

71.	An Aft for incloling Lands in the Parilh of Oakley in the County of Buckingham.

[ Allotment to Impropriator and Vicar of Oakley in lieu of Tithe of Common. Allotment to Vicar in lieu of Right of Common. Vicar vacating his BeneJUey Compofition and Com Rent paid to time of Avoidance. Allotments, Compofitions and Com Rents to he in lieu oj'Tithes.]

72.	An Aft for incloling Lands in the Parilh of Alderton otherwife Aldringtonf in the County of Northampton^, and for extinguilhing the Tithes thereof.

[Allotmentfor Glebe. Allotment to Reffor in lieu of Tithes. Certain Proprietors of old Inclofures to pay a Sum to exonerate them from Tithes. Allotments to be in lieu of Tithes• Refervatian

Of

(Private, not printed,) 59° GEO. III.

of Tithes for which no Combenfation given* Power to ReSor with Confent of Bi/bop and Patron to leafe Allotments* Tithes payable till Award made* ReSor exoneratedfrom keeping a Bull ora Boar* ReSor may borrow Money for ereSing Buildings*]

73.	An Ad for inclofmg Hands within the Parifh of Paulerfpuryy with the Hamlet of Heathencote in the fame Parifh, in the County of Northampton*

[Allotment to ReSor for Glebe, to be fenced. ReSor may ereS Buddings and borrow Money for tor fame, and grant Leafes* Vicars ofTowceJler and PotterJpury may borrow Money to defray Expenses of AS and for building, and grant Leafes• Provifo for Tithes.]

74- An Ad for inclofmg Lands in Martindale, in the Parifh of Barton, in the County of Wejlmorland*

75.	An A d for inclofing Lands in the Manor and Parifh of Solihull in the County of Warwick.

76.	An Ad for allotting Lands in the Parifh or Liberty of Shot over, in the County of Oxford*

[Allotment in lieu of Tithes.]

77.	An Ad for regulating the Appropriation of the Revenues of certain Trull Eftates, given by Walter Stanley for pious Purpofes; for effeduating in a more eztenfive and beneficial Manner the general Objeds of the Trail; and making a Provifion for, and regulating the Appointment of, a Minifter of a new Church intended to be buih at Weft Bromwich, in the County of Stafford*

7&. An Ad to difTolve the Marriage of John William Dunn Efquire, with Elhta Papps Dunn his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

79.	An Ad for effeduating an Exchange between the Lord Bifhop of Norwich, and William Afsbcton. Lord Suffield, of the Moieties of certain Advpwfons in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk*

80.	An Ad for appointing new Traftees for carrying into execution the Trails and Powers contained in the Will of the late Sir Henry Englefieldy Baronet.

xxhc

THE

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis,

Quinquagefimo Nono.

*	A T the Parliament begun and holden at Weftminfter, the

•	Fourteenth - Day of January, Anno Domini 1819, in the; *

•	Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

*	GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United King-4 dom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith ;

4 being the Firft Seffion of the Sixth Parliament of the United 4 Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

C A P. I.

An Aft to provide for the Care of His Majefty’s Royal Perfon during the Continuance of His Majefty’s Illnefs.

[ 12th February 1819*]

WHEREAS an Aft pafied in the Fifty firft Year of the 51 O. 3. c. i.

Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft to pro-vide for the Adnusuftration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of His Majeftfs Royal Perfon, during the Continuance of His Maytfifs Illnefs; and for the Refumption of the Exereife of the Royal Authority by His Majejh • And Whereas another Aft paffed in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, 51 G. 3. c. 8. intituled An Aft for the Regulation of His Majefty* s Houfebold, and enabling Her Majefty the Queen to meet the inereafed Expense to vthuh Her Majefty may he expoftd during His Majefty* s Indifpofition, and for the Care of His Majefty* s Recuand Perfonal Property; and to amend an Aft of the lafl Seffion of Parliament, to provide for the Admmtjfration of the Royal Authority during His Majefty* s Illnefs:

And Whereas another Aft pafled in the laft Seffion of Parliament, 5g Qm ^ Ct intituled An Aft to alter and amend certain of the Provtfions of an Aft recited. fcJjed m tte Fifty firft Tear of His Majefty* s Reign, intituled 4 An Aft to provide for the Adminiftration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of Hit Majefty?s Royal Perfon, during the Continuance of His Majeftfs Illnefs ; and for the Refumption of the Exereife of the Royal Authority by His Majejh:' And Whereas it is expedient, in coofequeqce of the Demife of Her late Moft Excellent Majefty, that the Care of His Majefty’* Royal Perfon, and of foch Portion • of His Majefty’* Houfehoid as (hall be deemed requifite and fuit-aUe to the due Attendance upon His Majcfty’s Sacred Perfon* and the Maintenance of His Royal Dignity, ihould be committed to His Royal Highnefs Frederick Duke of Tori and Albany, during ■ the Continuance of His Majefty’s IndsfpofitionBe it: therefore 59 Gk>- III.	B	enafted

V.\.

59° GEO. IIL

Care of Hit .Majesty's Person and House** hold, Ac. vested ~^n the Duke df York;

who may in 'writing appoint Officers, &c.

Proviso for Appointments in the Lord Chamborlain, Ac.

Appointment hy Power of Offloenof the Household

-limited.

A.D.1S19

enaded by The King’s Moft Excelht Mhyftfi by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Care of His Majefty’s Royal Perfon, and the difpotfing. ordering and managing of all matters, and things relating thereto, lhall* be and the fame are hereby veiled in His Royal Highnefs the Duke of Tort and Albany, during the Continuance of His Majefty’s Indifpofition; and that the foie Dire&ion of fuch Part of His Majefty’s Houlehold as (hall be deemed requiiite and fuitable to the due Attendance upon His Majefty’s Sacred Perfon, and the Maintenance of His Royal Dignity,, mall be. and is hereby veiled in His faid Royal Highnefs; and all fuch Officers of the Houfehold, and fuch Number of Attendants and Servants as may be requiiite and fuitable for the due Attendance on His Majefty’s Sacred Perfon, ihajl be under the foie Dire&ion andControul of His faid Royal' Highnefs,. for the Care and Attendance uppu His Makfty’s Sacred Perfon, and the regulating, ordering and. managing aU things relating thereto; and His faid Royal Highnefs ftealllmve the fuff and fine* Power and Authority to order and direft all matters and tUmrs* relating to the Management of fuck Part of His Majefty’s Household as lhall be in Attendance upon/ Hi* Majefty’s Perfon, and the-Tefpe&ive Duties and Attendances of all fuch Officers of the Houfehold and Attendants and Servants aforefaid; and lhall alfo have full Power and Authority, by any Inftrument or Inftruments in Writing ftgned and fealed by His faid Royal Highnefs, to remove, nominate and appoint, in the Name and on the behalf of His Majefty, all the Fetfoos who (hall be in Attendance upon His Majefty’s Perfon, and in like manner to fupply all Vacancies arifing by Removal, Refignatioov or Death of any filch Officers of the Houfehold or Attendants, and Servants or Per ferns aforefaid; except fuch* as* heretofore have been ufually nominated and appointed by the Lord* Chamberlain, or Lord Steward of His Majefty’s Houfehold; or the Mafter of His Majefty’s Robes, refpedively j andthe Firft Gentleman of His Majefty’s/Bedchamber, commonly called The Groom of the Stole, appointed to attend upon His Majefty’s Perfon, lhall' nominate and appoint to all fuch Vacancies as (hsUarife by Removal, Refignation or Death of. any. fuch Officers, Attendants or Servants aforefaid as have heretofore been, nominated or appointed by* the Lord Chamberlain or Lord Steward refpe&ively of His Majefty’s Houfehold, or by The Matter of .the Horfe toHisMajefty t and' fuch Groom of the Stole (hall have all fuch Jurifdidtion, Power and Authority over inch Officers, Attendants .and Servants* as have heretofore been, and. are now, ufually exercifed by* the Lord beslain and Lord Steward of Hu.Majefty’s Houfohokhrefpe&ively, and by The Matter of the Hbrfe to . His Majefty.

II.	Provided always, and bo it further enaded, That it (hall not be lawful for any Officer in His Majefby’s Houfehold, wbo*iuby this A& put under the. Diredrion of Hisfiad Royal Highnefs; to make any Appointment to any Office, to whiok fuchOflicer may have^the Power 5 of.^Appointment, for, any longer Period than dining His

‘ til. And Whereas the Execution* of tbfe weigher and' arduous 4 Trufts by this A 61 committed to Hit Royal Highnefs* may ‘ require tne Affiftance of. a Council, with whom His Royal

4 Highnefs



59^ GEO. III.

C. I.

« Highnefs mfir confuft: apd advife ■/ Be it therefore enafted, That io order to affift and advife His faid Royal Highnefs in the feveral nuUten aforefaid, there (hall be, during the Continuance of His Majefty’s IDnefs, a Council confiding of all the Perfons who were Members of the Council to Her late Mod Excellent Majefty, under the laid recited Adis, who may he living at the time of patting this A&, and alfo‘ John Jeffreys Marquefs Caniden, in the Room and Place of iEdward LonLEfienboroogh deceafed ; which Council (hall from time to time meet as His Royal Highnefs (hall be pleafed to djre&, and (hall alfo have Power to meet in manner by this Aft dire&edand if it (hould happen that any df the Members of fuch Council (hould depart this Life, or by Inftrumcnt in Writing communicated to His laid Royal Highnefs, fignify their Intention to decline to ad, jhen and in fuch Cafe it (hall be lawfiil'for His Royal HighheCs the Duke of Tori and Albany, from time to time, by an Inffrument in Writing, figiied and fealed by His faid Royal High-ntfs, revocable at His'Will and Pleafure, to nominate and appoint fome One Peribh, being or Having been a Member of His Majefty’s MoS Honourable Privy Council, to be a Member of the faid Council, to His (aid Royal' Highnefs, to advife and aflift His faid Royal' Highnefs as aforefaid, in the Room and Place of each and every of the Cud Councillors fo departing this Life, or declining to ad as aforefaid; which Nomination and Appointment (hall be forthwitJi certified, by an Iriftrument in Writing iigned and fealed by His faid Royal Highnefs, to the* Lords of His Majefty fs Moft Honourable Privy Council, and (hall be entered in the Books of the laid rrivy Council.

IV.	And be k' further enafted, That each and every Member of His (aid Royal Highnefs’s Council (hall, within the Space of Ten Days after his Appointment by virtue of this Aft, or by virtue of His Royal1 High n eft’s Nomination and Appointment in manner afortlud, take an‘Oath before the Lord High Chancellor or Keeper of tHe Great Seal, or Cothmiffioners for keeping the Great Seal of Great'Britain,or the Lord Prefident of His Majefty's Privy Council' of*the Chief. Juftice of the Court of King’s Bench for the time' bring,* refpe&ively, or either of them, who are hereby feverally* and rripcftivdy required and empowered to adminifter the fame, when, r^qiured fo to do by any Perfon fo appointed a Member of His faidJ Royal Highh^fs’s Council as aforefaid ; and the Perfon adminiftering' fuch Oath fcaft give to the Member of His Royal Highnefs’s Councu taEncf the* fame, a Certificate of the fame’ having been fo takenK' figued with1 his. Han(U which Certificate (hall be forthwith tranf-mjtted to His Majefty’s Privy Council; and fuch Oath (hall be in tfieTonn‘following; (that is to fay),

4 if. do foleMnly prbmife and fwear. That I will truly and 4 faithfully counfel and advife His Royal Highnefs the Duke of 4 ToHr and Albany, according to the belf of my Judgment, ip all, 4 miten and things relating to the Trufb committed to His Royal, 4 Hfefcbefc, tosidun^tke Care of His Majefty’s Royal Perfon, and 4 tkrRefomptidn of the perfonal Exercife ot the Royal Authority

4 bfHk Mqdtj-9

V.	Atwfte'it furfhef enafted/ That Hfe' faid Roy hi Highnefs’s Cddric3i~ rf1 ariy Thrift of' nfcW ' of ‘ thcm,MhhH have Power and

B 2	Authority,

Appointment of Council to assist the Duke of York.

Proviso for Death or declining to act of any of the Council

Members pfthf Council to t$e the following Oath.

Oath.

Council, or any Three of them, may examine

4

C.I.

59° GEO. III. •

A.D. 1819.

the Physicians and others upon Oath.

Council to meet, and to declare the State of His Majesty’s Health; and transmit a Copy of such Declaration to President of Privy Council, Sec,

When it shall appear to the Duke and the Council, or any Four of diem, that His Majesty’s Health ts restored, the same to be notified to the Privy Council and entered in their Books.

Authority, at all times, when they (hall judge it neceflary, to meet and call before them, and to examine upon Oath, the Physicians, and all other Perfons attendant on His Majefty during the Continuance of His Majefty’s Illnefs, touching the State of His Majefty’s Health, and all matters relating thereto, (which Oath any Member of the faid Council is hereby autnorifed and empowered to adminifter,) and to afeertain the State of His Majefty’s Health by all fuch other ways and means as (hall appear to them to be neceflary for that purpofe.

VI. And be it further enafted, That Three or more of the Members of the Council appointed to aflift His faid Royal Highnefs in the Execution of the Trufts committed to His faid Royal High-nefs by this Aft, (hall, in cafe fuch Trufts (hall then be in force, meet on fome Day in the Firft Week of April next, and the fame Day iii the Firft Week of every Third Month thereafter; and (hall, whilft the faid Trufts (hall continue in force, at every fuch Meeting declare the State of His Majefty’s Health at the time of each of fuch Meetings refpeftively; and (hall forthwith tranfmit a Copy of fuch Declaration to the Prefident of His Majefty’s Moft Honourable Privy Council, or in his Abfence to One ot His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, who (hall thereupon caule the fame to be inferted in the Books of the Privy Council.

* VII. And Whereas it is neceflary that efteftual Provifion (hould 4 be made that His Majefty may refume the perfonal Exercife of Hft * Royal Authority as foon as His Majefty is reftored to fuch a State 4 of Health as to be capable pf refuming the fame ;’ Be it therefore enafted, That when it (hall appear to His Royal Highnefs the Duke of Tori and Albany, and to any Four or more of the Council appointed by this Aft to aflift His faid Royal Highnefs in the Execution of the Truft committed to His faid Royal Highnefs by this Aft, aflembled at any Meeting held in purfuance of His faid Royal Highnefs’s Will and Pleafure (ignified for that purpofe, or aflembled under the Direftion of this Aft, or in purfuance of His Majefty’s Royal Will and Pleafure (ignified to His faid Royal Highnefs and his Council for that purpofe, which Council of His faid Royal Highnefs is hereby required to aflemble in the Prefence of His laid Royal Highnefs, upon His Majefty’s Royal Will and Pleafure being (ignified for that purpofe, that His Majefty is reftored to fuch a State of Health as to be capable of refuming the perfonal Exercife of the Royal Authority, it (hall and may be lawful for His faid Royal Highnefs, by the Advice of any Four or more of His faid Council, to notify the fame by an Inurnment under His Royal Highnefs’s Hand, and figned alio by the faid Four or more of His faid Royal Highnefs’s Council, and addrefled by the Lord Prefident of His Majefty’s Moft Honourable Privy Council for the time being, or in his Abfence to One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State; and the faid Lord Prefident or Secretary of State (hall and i% hereby required, on the Receipt thereof, to communicate the fame to His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, and to fummon forthwith a Privy Council; and the Members of His Majefty’e Moft Honourable Privy Council are hereby required to aflemble in confequence of fuch Summons; and the faid Lord Prefident, or in his Abfence the faid Secretary of. State, is required, in the Prefence of any Four or more Privy Councillors fo aflembled, to

caufe

59° GEO. III.

5

A.D. 1819.

C. I.

caufe the faid Inftrument to be entered on the Books of the faid Privy Council.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That if at any time after the faid Inftrument under the Hand of His faid Royal Highnefs, and of Four or more of His faid Council, fhall have been received and entered as aforefaid, His Majefty fhall think proper, by an Inftrument under His Sign Manual, to require the Lord Prefident of His Majefly’s Mod Honourable Privy Council for the time being, or in his Abfence One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, to fummon a Council in His Majefty’s Prefence, confiding of any Number of Perfons not lefs than Nine whom His Majefty fhall name, and who fhall be, or who fhkll have been Members of His Majefty’s Moft Honourable Privy Council, not being Members of His faid Royal' Highnefs’s Council, the faid Lord Prefident or Secretary of State fhall and he is hereby required to fummon fuch Perfons accordingly ; and as well the faid Lord Prefident or Secretary of State, as the other Perfons fo fummoned, fhall and they are hereby required to attend at the time and Place appointed by His Majefty ; and fuch Perfons fo afTembled fhall be and be deemed to be a Privy Council for the purpofe hereinafter mentioned.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That if His Maiefty, by the Advice of Six or more of fuch Privy Council fo afiembled, fhall

a His Royal Pleafure to refume the perfonal Exercife of His Authority, and to iffue a Proclamation declaring the fame, fucn Proclamation fhall be iflued accordingly, counterfigned by the faid Six or more of the faid Privy Council; and all the Powers and Authorities given by this Aft fhall from thenceforth ceafe and determine; and the perlonal Exercife of the Royal Authority by His Majefty fhall, notwithftanding any thing in this Aft, or in the faid reated Afts, or any of them, contained or provided, be and be deemed to be refumed by His Majefty, and fhall be exercifed by His Majefty to all Intents and Purpofes, as if this Aft had never been made.

X. And be it further enafted. That in cafe of the Death of His faid Royal Highnefs the Duke of York and Albany, during the time that the Care of His Majefty’s Perfon fhall be committed to His hud Royal Highnefs, according to the Provifions of this Aft, the Care of His majefty’s Royal Perfon, and all and every the Powers and Authorities in and by this Aft veiled in His faid Royal Highnefs, touching the Care of His Majefty’s Royal Perfon, and the difpofing, ordering and managing all matters and things relating thereto, fhall become and continue veiled in His faid Royal Highnefs’s Council until doe Provifion (hall have been made in relation thereto by Parliament: Provided neverthelefs, that in fuch cafe nothing in this Aft contained (lull extend, or be conllrued to extend, to empower His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, or the laid Council, to nominate, appoint or remove any of the Officers or Perfons of His Majefty’s Houfehoid, by this Aft made fubjeft to the .Nomination, Appointment or Removal of His Royal Highnefs the Duke of York and Albany, until due Provifion fhall have been made by Parliament in that Behalf.

XI. And be it further enafted, That if His Royal Highnefs the Duke of York and Albany fhould depart this Life during the time that the Care of His Majefty’s Perfon (hall be committed to His

J B 3	faid

After such

Entry, His Majesty may, by Sign Manual, require the Privy Council to assemble j not being Member* of the Duke's Council.

Power* of Act to cease on His Majesty declaring, by Proclamation, his Resumption of the Royal Authority.

In case of Death of the Duke of York, the Care of His Majesty's Per* son vested in the Duke's Council, until Provision made by Parliament.

Proviso for Continuance of Officers.

And in such case The Beit to issue s lamaricm

gent tc nock

59° GEO. III.

for the Meeting of Parliament, in case the Parliament be not sitting.

Regulations for calling a new Parliament if the Event happen before the Day appointed by Writs of Summons;

or where the Event shall happen upon or after the Day appointed by Writ of Summons.

In what cases this Act not to .alter or affect former Acts for meeting of Parliament, in case of the Demise of the King, &c.

p.i:

AJM8I&

faid Royal Highnefs, according to the Provifions of this A&, and the Parliament in being at the time (hall then be feparated, His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent {hall forthwith caufe to be iffued and

Sublifhed a Proclamation, under the Great Seal of the United King-om of Great Britain and Ireland\ declaring that fuch cafe hath happened, and requiring the faid Parliament to meet and fit at Weft-rmnjler at the Day to whkh fuch Parliament had been adjourned or prorogued, or upon fome Day to be mentioned in fuch Proclamation, and being within Eighty Days, to be computed from the Date of fuch Proclamation ; and the Parliament (hall thereby be deemed and taken to be duly prorogued to fuch pay fo to be mentioned in fuch Proclamation.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if fuch cafe 33 aforefaid (hall happen, and there fhall be no Parliament in being at the time, and the fame fhall happen before the Day appointed by any Writs of Summons then iffued for calling and afemhling a pew Parliament, then and in fuch cafe His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent fhall forthwith caufe to bo iffued and publifhed a Proclamation, under the Great Seal aforefaid, declaring that fuch cafe hath happened, and requiring fuch new Parliament to convene and fit at Wtjhninjler, either upon the Day appointed by fuch.Writs of Summons for aflembling the new Parliament, or upon fome Day to be mention#! in fuch Proclamation, and being within Eighty Days, to be computed from the Date of fuch Proclamation ; and in fuch latter cafe, upon the Day appointed by the faid Writs of Summons for afTembhng the new Parliament, the fame fhall in the due and accuf-tomed manner be prorogued to fuch Day fo to be mentioned in fuch Proclamation.

XIII.	And be it ena&ed, That if fuch cafe as aforefaid fhall happen upon or after the Day appointed by any Writ of Summons then iffued for calling and affembling a new Parliament. ?nd before fuch new Parliament fhall have met and lat as a Parliament, then and in fuch cafe His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent fhall forthwith caufe fuch a Proclamation as aforefaid to be iffued and publifhed, declaring that fuch cafe hath happened, and requiring the new Parliament either to convene and fit Wejlnpnjter immediately after fuch Proclamation fhall have beep pubUfiied, or upon fome Day to be mentioned in fuch Proclamation, and l^ngwithin Eighty Days, to be computed from the Date of the faiaProcla-mation 5 and in each cafe the Parliament fo convening apd fitting fhall be and be deemed to be a Parliament to all Intents and Pufppfes, under the Provifions of this A&.

XIV.	Provided neverthelefs, and it ena&ed by tfie Authority aforefaid, That nothing herein contained, nqr any A& lyhiph fhall be done by virtue hereof, fhall be deemed o$ taken to repeal, or in any manner to alter or affe&, othenyife than is herein e$pfef«ly provided, the Provifions of any A& or A&s qf Parliament heretofore parted and now in force, fo far as the fame regulate, require or provide for the meeting, convening apd fitting of fariiaxpent, in cafe of the Demife of His Majefty, or His Heir or Heirs, Suc-ceffor or Succeffors, or in cafe The Regent fhall depart this Life or ceafe to be Regent, or to repeal, alter or affe& the Provifion heretofore made by any A & now in force, for fhortening the time which had before been required for giving Notice of the Royal

Intention

JLBLM1&

OEO. IfL

C. 19 s9 s.

Intention that the Parliament fhould meet and be holden for the Dftpatch of Bufinefs.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered, Act may |» varied or repealed by any Aft or Afta to be paffed in this Seffion •her*A ** • of RfthamentT^ >	thi*8fe#8,olu

CAP. II.

An Aft for reviving and further continuing, until the Firft Dav of May One thoufand eight hundred and ninetcMfe an Aft made in the fifty firft Tear of His prefent MajeK intituled An A3 to extend an A3 made in the Eighteenth Tear of His late Majefty King George the Second, to explain and amend the Laws touching the EleBions of the Knights of the Shire to fin* in Parliament for England, reJjeBing the ISxpencts qf jHqftings and Poll Clerks, fo far as regards the City of Weft-nrinfter.	[iath	Pebruary	i819.5

4 TT7HEREAS it is expedient that an A61, paffed in the Fifty 51 0.3. c. 116.

*	W firft Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AB to s extend an A3 made in the Eighteenth Tear qf His late Majefty King 1 George the Second, to explain and amend the Lam touching the 4 EleBions qf Knights of the Shire to ftrve in Parliament for England,

4 refpe&sng the sixpences of the Huftmgs and Poll Clerks, fo far as

*	regards the City of Wefbninfter, which was continued by an Aft

4 made in the Fifty third Year of His prefent Majefty, until the Si 0* 3* c. 1 $*•

*	firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen,

4 fhouid be revived and further continuedBe it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the

fane, That the find Aft, and all the Provifions thereof, fhall be J1 0*3* c‘ xa*’ and the fame aare and is hereby revived.	ren?*!.

II.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Aft, and all the Continuance of Provifions thereof, fhall continue and be in force until the Firft Day Act

of May One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

III.	And he it further enafted. That this Aft may be altered. Act altered,

amended or repealed during the prefent Seffion of Parliament.	Ac. this Ses-

CAP. III.

An Aft for conthudiig to His Majefty certain Duties on htaft*

Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, m Great Britain; and on Pen-fidns, Offices and Pterional Eftates, in Pnplahdi for the Service of the Tear One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.	[18th Eehruary 1819.)

[This A3 is the fame as 58 G. 3. r* 3. except as to Dates, and as to the SeBions that are here retained• Duties upon Sugar imported, to he accounted for and applied according to this A8, r. J2. § 10. po/l. Provifbfor Duties of that AB on Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, e. 53. j 2. poft.]

XIX.	And be it farther ettafted, Thit for the better afleflrng, Cosuniwicau# ordering* levying and collefting of the feveral Sums of Money lo ofLsnd Iks m left afortfad Kinked and appointed to be nrifed and paidm the

B 4	aforefaid	54 w#3'	^

8

C. S.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. ms.

and 55 G. 3. aforefaid Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and Berwick c. 150. shall put upon Tweed, in refpeft of Perfonal Eftates, and in refpeft of Offices this Act in or Employments of Profit and Annuities, Penfions, Stipends and XX 011	•	yearly	Payments,	and	for the more effectual putting this Aft

in Execution in reference to the fame, all a*nd every the rerfon and Perfons who, in and by an Aft of Parliament made and palled in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for appointing Commiffioners for carrying into Execution an A3 of this Sejfion of Parliament, for granting to His Majejly a Duty on Pen-Jions and (Mjaes in England, and an A3 made in the Thirty eighth Tear of His prcfljf Majejly, for granting an Aid to His Majefiy by a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight; or in and by one other Aft made ip the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for re3ifying Mifiakes in the Names of the Land Tax Commijfioners, and for appointing additional Commijfioners, and indemnifying Jiich P^rfons as have a3ed without due Authority in Execution of the A3s therein recited; were named and appointed Com-miffioners for putting in Execution the fame Afts within the feveral Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divi-fions and Places of England, Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, To qualify as duly qualifying themfelves according to the faid Aft patted in the by 38 G. 3. c. 5. Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled § 9a—96.	jiff for granting an Aid to His Majejly by a Land Tax to be raifed

in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and ninety eight, in that behalf, fhall be Commiffioners for putting in Execution this prefent Aft, and the Powers therein contained, within and for all and every the Parifhes, Conftablewicks, Divifions, Allotments and Places fituate within the fame Counties, Riding6, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divifions and Places refpeftively, unlefs before the Day hereinafter appointed for the Firft Meeting of the Commiffioners for putting this Aft into Execution, fome Aft or Afts of Parliament fhall* be pafled for naming and appointing fpecial Commiffioners for putting' into Execution this prefent Aft, in which cafe no Perfon or rerfons fhall be empowered by virtue of any Nomination or Appointment by any former Aft, or by this Aft, to aft as a Commiffioner for putting this prefent Aft into Execution.

XxXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted. That this Aft or any thing herein contained fhall not charge or be conftrued to charge any of the Royal Family for or in refpeft of any Annuities or yearly Payments granted to their Royal High-nefles; but that fuch Sums of Money, Annuities or yearly Payments, and their Royal HighnefTes, and their Treafurers, Receivers General, and Servants for the time being, in refpeft of the fame, fhall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impofitions and other Superannuated Charges whatfoever: Provided alfo, that this Aft, or any of the ^Sea Officers, feveral Claufes herein contained, fhall not extend to charge the Pen-&c. not charge- f10na Qf any Superannuated Commiffion or Warrant Sea or Land ^	Officer,	or the Penfions of Widows of Sea or Land Officers (lain in

the Service of the Crown ; or the Revenue of the Moft Noble Order of the Garter; or the Penfions of the Poor Knights of Windfor, payable out of the Exchequer only ; or to charge a certain .	Penfioa	of One hundred Pounds; granted by the late King Charles

the

The Royal Family not chargeable in respect of Annuities.

A.D.I819.

59° GEO. III.

9

C. 3, 4, 9.

the Second to the Poor Clergy of the IJle of Man ; or to charge the Petitions or Salaries of His Majefty’8 Pages of Honour, or of the Officers and Perfons employed or to be employed in collefting the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of any A ft or Afts of Parliament for making, repairing or maintaining any Public Roads, by reafon of their faid Offices or Employments, or any Salary anting thereby.

CAP. IV.

An Aft for raiGng the Sum of Twenty Millions, by JSzchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Ohe thousand eight hundred and nineteen.	[23d	March	1819.]

44	TREASURY may raife 20,000,oool. by Exchequer Bills, in 4t like manner as is preferibed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.—$ 1. Claufes, &c. 44 in recited Aft extended to this Aft. § 2. Treafury to apply the 44 Money raifed. § 3. ■ Exchequer Bills to be payable out of the 44 Supplies for Seffion. § 4. Intereft 3 ^d.per Cent, per Diem. § 5. 44 Exchequer Bills to be current at the Exchequer after April 5, u 1820. $ 6. Bank of England may advance 15,000,0001. on the 44 Credit of this Aft, notwithftanding the Aft 5 & 6 W. & M.— § 7.

C A P. V.

An Aft to afeertain the Tonnage of Veflels propelled by Steam.

[23d March 1819.]

4 TITHE REAS by an Aft palled in the Thirteenth Year of the 4 W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for the 4 better afeertaining the Tonnage and Burthen of Ships and Vejfels 4 importing and exporting Goods into andfrom this Kingdom, or hovering 4 ufon tbe'Coafls thereof; for amending fo much of an Ad, made in the 4 laR Seffion of Parliament, for lowering the Duty, payable upon the 4 Importation of Oak Bark, as relates to the fuing for the Penalties and 4 Forfeitures thereby injlided in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; 4 for appropriating the Duty on Oak Bark, granted by the faid Ad ; and 1 for obviating Doubts which have arifen with refbed to the allowing 4 the Drawback upon certain Callicoes; and the Bounty upon Britim * made Cordage exported to the IJlands of Madeira, the Canary IJlands, 4 and the Azores or IVeffem IJlands ; and by another Aft, pafTed in 4 the Twenty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, 4 intituled An Ad for the further Increafe and Encouragement of Shipping 1 and Navigation, certain Rules are fettled and eftablifhed for aicer-4 taining the Tonnage of Ships or Veflels for the piirpofes therein 4 mentioned: And Whereas Ships or Veflels have been built and 4 conftrufted to be propelled by Steam, and the Rules preferibed by 4 the before recited Aft are not fuitable to afeertain the true Tonnage 4 of fuch Ships or Veflels Be it therefore enafted by The Kinjrs Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the Rule for admeafuAng Shijps or Veflels to be propelled by Steam fh all be as /oDows; that is to fay, the Length (hall be taken on a ftraight Line along the Rabbet of this Keel of the Ship* from the Back of the Main Stern Poll to a perpendicular Line from the Forepart of the Main Stem under the Bowfpnt, from which dedufting the Length of the Engine

Room

xJ G. 3. c. 74. § x.

*6 G. j. c. 60. §X4-

How the Tonnage of Vessel* propelled by 8te*»rr hall be ascertained.

59° GEO. iH.

AJO. 1810*

*No Goods to be stowed in the Engine Boom except Fuel for the Voyage.

Bewaras not exceeding acl. awarded by the Commissioners of Customs or Excise to Officers, &c. of the Army or Navy, to be divided as His Majesty shall appoint by Order ni Council or by Pro-damUsn.

C. 5, 6.

Room and fubtrafting Throe fifths of the Breadth, the Remainder fhall be efteemed the juft length of the Keel to find the Tonnage; and the Breadth fhall lie .taken from the Outfide of the outfide Plank in the broadeft Place of the Ship or Veflel, be it either above or below the Main Wales, exdufive of all manner of Doubling Planks that may be wrought upon the Sides of the Ship or Veflel; then multiplying the Length of the Keel by the Breadth fo taken, and that Produft by Half the Breadth, and dividing the Whole by Ninety four, the Quotient (hall be deemed the true Contents of the Tonnage, according to which §.ule the Tonnage of all Rich Ships and Veffcls (hall be meafured and ascertained ; any thing in any Aft or Afts to the contrary notwithftanding: Provided always, that it fhall not be lawful to flow or place any Goods (Fuel for the Voyage excepted), in the faid Engine Room ; and if any Goods fhall be fo flowed or placed, fuch Ship or Veflel fhall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be a Ship or Veflel which has not been admeafured according to the Rules of this Aft, and liable to all the Coqfetjuences thereof:

CAP. VI.

An Aft to enable His Majefty to direft the Diftribution of any Reward awarded by the Coramiffioners of the Cuftoms or Excife to the Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, for apprehending Smugglers, in fuch manner as His Majefty (hall be pleated to appoint.	[23d	March	1819.3

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force for the Prevention of Smuggling, it is lawful for the Commiffioners of Cuftoms ‘ or Excife of England, Scotland and Ireland\ refpeftively, and they ‘ are thereby required, in certain cafes, to award to every. Officer or * other Perlon arrefting any Perfon for Breach of thole Laws, fo * that he fhall be convifted or committed to Prifon on account € thereof, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds for each Man fo * convifted or committed to Prilon: And Whereas it is expedient * that His Majefty fhould be empowered in certain cafes to direft ‘ the Diflribution of fuch Reward by His Order or Orders in * Council, or by His Royal Proclamation in that behalf, in fuch * manner as He fhall be pleafed thereby to appointBe it enafted by The King's Moft Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That in all cafes wherein the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms or Excife of England\ Scotland and Ireland, refpeftively, fhall award any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds as aforefaid, to any Officer or Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Petty Officers, Seamen or Privates of His Majefty's Army, Navy or Marines, or afting under the Orders of the Lora High Admiral, or of the Commiffioners for executing the Office of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for any Perfon fo arrefted, convifted or committed to Prifon as aforefaid, the fame fhall be divided and diftributed in fuch Proportions, and according to fuch Rules, Regulations and Orders, as His Majefty (hall by His Order or Orders m Council, or by His Royal Proclamation in that behalf be pleafed to direft and appoint

CAP.

AJ). i819.

59°jGEO. hi.

11

*

c.y.

cap. m

An Aft to regulate the Cutlery Trade in England.

[ajd-Morci I&19.J

WHEREAS Knives, Forks, Razors, Sciflors, Shears, and other Cutlery Wares, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, forged and formed of Wrought Steel, and Iron and Steel, have for many Years been a great Branch of Trade in England; and fuoh Articles being efteemed in Foreign Countries for their fuperior Quality, great Quantities thereof have been Tent to Foreign Markets: And Whereas a Practice prevails of calling or forming in a Mould from Gaft Iron, Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciflors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, and fome of fuen Articles are, by a Chemical P?ocefs, previous to the finifhing and polifiling thereof, made to refemble fo nearly the like Sort of Articles wrought of Steel, and Iron and Steel, as fcarcely to be diftinguifiiable from Wrought Steel, and Iron and Steel; even by Perfons flailed in the Manufactory of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware ;* Be it therefore enaCted by The King's Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, m this prefect Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paling of this Ad it (hall be lawful for all nod every Perfon and Perfons who fhall make, forge, form or manufacture, or caufe, • dired or procure to be made, forged, formed or manufactured, Iby means of the Hammer, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciflors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, of Wrought Steel, or of Iron and Steel, to mark, {trike, samp, grave or imprefs, or caufe, direCt or procure to be marked, {truck, {tamped, graved or imprefled, in or upon any Part of every fuch Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciflors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlqry, Edge Took and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, fo forged and formed by means of the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, and of Iron and Steel, the Figure or Form of a Hammer, at any time, -and not at any other time, except as hereinafter provided, after the forging, and previous to the fame refpeCtively being ground or polifhed, to as to denote that fuch Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciflors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, are fo formed by means of the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, and Iron and Steel, and fo as to d&raguifh the fame Articles from fuch Articles call or formed in a* Mould, or otherwife than by means of the Hammer.

II. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it fliaU be lawful for all and every Perfon and Perfons who fhall, on the paffing of this Ad, have in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofleffion, any Kmvts, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciflors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, made, forged, formed or manufactured by means of the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, or of Iron and Steel, at any time within the Space pf Six Calendar Months next after the pafflhg of

this

Where Aftfcfcs are formed by the Hammer, Manufacturers to have pie Privilege gf marking Cham with the Figure of a Hammer;

Parsons having manufactured Articles in their Possession, empowered to mark the same with the Figure of a Hammer.

12

X. 7.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

this A&, to mark, ftrikc, (lamp, grave or imprefs, or caufe, direft or procure to be marked, ftruck, ftamped, graved or impreffed, in and upon any Part of fuch Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and .Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, fo forged and formed by Means of the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, and of Iron and Steel, fo in his, her or their Pofleflion, the Figure or Form of a Hammer, fo as to denote that fuch Knives, Knife Blades,. Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciflors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, were fo formed by means of the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, or of Iron and Steel, and fo as to diftinguifti the fame Articles from fuch Articles caft or formed in a Mould or otherwife than by means of the Hammer.

Persons casting Cutlery Wares, Edge Tools, and Hardware requiring a cutting Edg% to mark the same with the Figure of a Hammer, &c. or the Words , Steel,* Shear Steel, &c. or having in Possession or selling, &c. such Cast Articles so marked.

Persons offend* ing.

III.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the palling of this A61 it (hall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to caft, mark, ftrike, ftamp, grave or imprefs, or caufe, dire6t or procure to be caft, marked, ftruck, ftamped, graved or impreffed, in*or upon any Part of any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears, or any other Cutlery Articles whatsoever. Edge Tools or Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, which (hall be caft or formed in a Mould, or formed otherwife than by means of the Hammer, either at the time of caftiag or forming fuch Articles in the Mould, or otherwife than by means of the Hammer, or fubfequently thereto, and previous to the bond fide Sale thereof to the Uier, the Figure or Form .of a Hammer, or any Symbol or Device refembling a Hammer, or having any Similitude thereto, nor to have in his, her or their Pofleflion,. for the purpofe of Sale, nor to fell, expofe or offer to fale, or f caufe, dire6t or procure to be fold, expofed or offered to fale, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks,- Razors, Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Took and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, which (hall have been caft or formed in a Mould, or otherwife than by means of the Hammer, having marked or ftruck thereon the Figure or Form of a Hammer, or any Symbol or Device refembling a Hammer, or having any Similitude thereto; and all and every Perfon and Perfons who (hall caft, mark, (trike, (lamp, grave or imprefs, or caufe, dire6t or /procure to be caft, marked, ftruck, ftamped, graved or impreffed, in or upon any Part of any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, which (hall have been caft or formed in a Mould, or otherwife than by means of the Hammer, either at the time of caftiog or 'forming thereof, or fubfequently thereto, and previous to the bond fide Sale thereof to the Uler, the Figure or Forn\ of a Hammer, or any Symbol or Device refembling a Hammer, or having any Similitude thereto; or who (hall have in his, her or their Pofleflion for the purpofe* of Sale, or who (hall fell, expofe or offer to fale, or caufe, dire6t or .procure to he fold, expofed or offered to fale, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razdr Blades, Sciffors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Took and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, which (hall have been caft or formed in a Mould, or otherwife than by means of the Hammer, having marked or ftruck thereon the Figure or Form of a Hammer, or any Symbol or Device refembling a

•Hammer,

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.7.

13

Hammer, or having any Similitude thereto, (hall, in all and every the cafes aforefaid, forfeit all and every fuch Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, haring thereon the Figure or Form of a Hammer, or any Symbol or Device refembling a Hammer, or having any Similitude thereto, together with the Sum of Five Pounds for any Quantity not exceeding One Dozen of fuch Articles fo marked, ftruck, fold or expofed to Sale; and for any Quantity of fuch Articles exceeding One Dozen, Five Pounds for every One Dozen thereof; fuch Sum and Sums refpec-tirely to be levied, recovered and applied as hereinafter directed.

IV. And be it further ena&ed. That from and after the palling of this Ad it (hall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to cad, mark, ftrike, ftamp, grave -or imprefs, or caufe, dired or procure to be caft, marked, flruck, damped, graved. or imprefled, in or upon any Part of any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, forged and formed with the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, or of Iron and Steel, or cad in a Mould, either at the time of forging or cading fuch Articles, or fubfequently thereto, previous to the bond Jide Sale thereof to the Ufer, any Word or Words which (hall or may denote or indicate the Quality of fuch Articles to be otherwife than the real and true Quality thereof; nor to have in his, her or their Poffefllon for the purpofe of Sale, nor to fell or expofe or offer to fale, or caufe, dired or procure to be fold, expofed or offered to fale, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, ScifTors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and-Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, forged and formed with {he Hammer, of Wrought Steel, and Iron and Steel, or caft in a Mould, having marked thereon any Word or Words which (hall or may denote or indicate the Quality of fuch Articles to be otherwife than the real an<f true Quality thereof; and all and every Perfon or Perfons who (hall caft, mark, ftrike, ftamp,

Eor imprefs, or caufe or procure to be caft, marked, ftruck, d, graved or impreffed, in or upon any Part of any Knives, Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, ScifTors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, forged or formed with the JIammer, of Wrought Steel, or Iron and Steel, or caft in a Mould, either at the time of forging or cafting, or fubfequently thereto, previous to the bond Jide Sale thereof to the Ufer, any Word or Words which (hall or may denote or indicate the Quality of fuch.Articles to be otherwife than the real and true Quality $ or-who (hall have in his, her or their Poffeflion for the purpofe of Sale, or (hall fell, expofe or offer to fale, or caufe, (£re& or procure to be (old, expofed or offered to fale, any. Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, forged and formed with the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, or Iron and Steel, or. caft in a Mould, having thereon any Word or Words which (hall or may denote or indicate the Quality of fuch Articles to be otherwife than the real and true Quality thereof, (hall, in all and every the cafes aforefaid, forfeit all and every fuch Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sailors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and

Hardware

Penalty.

No Person to mark any Knives, &c. forged with the Hammer, or east in a Mould, with any Words which shall indicate the Quality to be Otherwise than the true Quality; or have in bis Possession any such Articles improperly marked*

Persons offend* ing.

Penalty,

5

No Person to cast, mark, Ac, any Articles with the Words “ London" or “ London made** thereon, except made within the City of London, or a certain Instance the/eof" 'Dor to have in Possession, selfc Ac. such Articles.

Persons offending.

C.7.	SpGtO.	III.	A.fcl8lfc

Hardware rcquirtog a cftlttirtg^ Edge, being marked, poffeffed; fold of eXpofcd to fale; contrary to the* Directions of this Aft, together With the' Shim of Five Founds for any Quantity not* exceeding One Dotfen of fuch Article's ft) marked^ (old of expofed to fale; and for* any Quantity of fiich Arfides exceeding One Dozen, Five Pound® fof every One1 Dozen thereof; fuch* Sum add Sums refpeftively to be levied, recovered and applied as hereinafter direfted.

V. And Be it" further enafted, That from and after the parting” of tliSs‘ Aft' it fllatl not be lawful for arty Perfon or Perfons to cart, mark, (trike,. damp, grave or imprefs, or chtife, direft of procure to be* cart, marked, ftruck, damped, graved of imprefled, in or upon any Part* of any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, kazbrtf, Razbr ' Blades, Sciflort, Shears, arid other Articles of Cutlery, EdgbTobls arid' Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, forged and formed with the* Hammer; of Wrought Steel, or of Irbri and Steel, or, cart iif a Mouldy eithefat the tiirfe of forging or calling‘fuch’ Articles, orfub-fequently thereto, previous to the bona jute' Sale thereof to the'Ufet; the* Word or Words u London ,” <c London made,” or’ anV Word or Words having any Similitude thereto, unlefs the Articles fo caft, marked, ftruck, damped, graved of impreffed, (Kail Have been manufactured within the City or London, or within Twenty Miles Diftance therefrom ; nor to have in his, her or their Poflefl5ortr for' the piirpofer of Sale, nor to fell, or expofe or offer to” fale; or caufe, direft or proem* tp be fold, expofed or offered to fale, any Knives, Knife* Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, forged and' formed with the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, arid Iiron and Steel, or caft* in' a Mould, having marked theteon the' Word or Words, €t London” u London made,*” or any Word of Word® having amr Similitude thereto, unlefs* the'Articles 'fo baft1, marked; fthibk, damped, graved or impreffed, (hall have’ been matiti-faftured within the City or London, or within Twenty Miles DiflatfCe tHerefroni; and' all and every Perfon or Periods who (hall caft, friUrk, ftrike; damp, grave or imprefs, or criufe or procure to be cafti marked; ftruck, damped, graved or impreffed, in or upon any Part* of any^ Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades Sciffors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools' and* Hardware^ requiring a cutting* Edge, forged or formed with thd*' Hamftier, of Wrought Steel, or Iron and Steel, or caft in a Mould; either at the'rime of forging or calling, or fubfeqiiently thereto,1 previous to the bond Ji£ Sale thereof to the Ufef, the1 Word df Words M* London” “ London made;” or any Word’ or Words' having, any' Similitude thereto, unlefs the Articled fo' caft, marked,1 ftfuck, ftaniped, -graved or imprefled, (hall have been manufactured’ within the City of London, or within Twenty Miles pittance therefrom; or who’ (halT have in his, her or their' Pofleffion, for thea puap^fe off Sale, or'(hall fell, expofe or offer to fale, or caufe,' direft * or ptoure to bfe fold, expofed or offered to fale, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors’; Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears; and* other' Alrticles of Cutlery, Edge Tools arid Hardware requiring a cutting' Eige, forged-and formed with the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, or* Iron* and Steel,1 or caft1’in a'Mould,' having * thereon* * the * W ord oF Words M London,” " Londbn made;” or’any word or Words'having’ Smri&udefthereto; unlefs the Articles’ fd'caft* marked,’ fttiick,

damped.

AiDL 1«9L

59* GEO. III.

Cl

15

ftamped, graved or impvefled, (hall have been mamiffc&tired within the City of London, or within Twenty Miles Diftance therefrom', (hall, in all and everythe cafes aforefaid, forfeit all and every fuch Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Took and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, being marked, poffeffed, fold or expofed to fale contrary to the Directions of this Ad, together with a Sum of Ten Pounds for any Quantity not exceeding One Dozen of fuck Articles fo marked, fold or expofed to fale ; and for any Quantity of fuck Articles exceeding One Dozen, Ten Pounds for every Dozen thereof; fetch Sum and Suras refpedively to be levied, recovered and* applied as hereinafter direded.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That from and'1 after the paffing of tnis Ad, in cafe any Ferfon or Perfons (hall have in his, her or their Pofieffion, for the purpofe of Sale, or (hall1 feD, expofe or offer for Sale, or caufe, dired or procure'to be fold or offered for Sale, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor' Blades, Sciffors, Shears, or any other Cutlery Articles wh’atfoever, Edge Tools and Hardware reouirmg a cutting- Edge, formed with' the Hammer, or caft in a Mould in a finifhed State, having marked thereon any Word or Words contrary to the Directions of this Adi fhafi, at or upon any Information or Complaint being laid or made apioft him, her or them, prove fatisfadorily, by theOath of himfelf or herfelf, or any other Perfon, before One or more of His MhjeftyY Jtoftseesof the Peace, that fuch Knives, Knife Blade?, Forks; Razors; Root Blades, Sciffors, Shears, or any other Cutlery* Articles what-' feever, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge*, were purehafed op came into the Pbffefton of him, her or them, or wen* made, formed, caff or manufactured before the paffing of this Ad’, then and in fuch cdfe thePerfon or Perfons fo having; the faklArrieiet* in a finifhed State in his, her or their Poffef&nr, for the purpofe* of1 Safe, or felling, expofing or offering the fame1 for"Sale, or canting, dfee&iag or procuring* the fane to be fold or offered for Sale; (half1 net he liable to the Painvand Penalties aforefaid..

Vlli Rtovided alfo, and1 be it further enaded. That fromrand after the paffing of this* Ad, in cafe any Ferfon or Perfon*" ftfell haveinkia* her or their Pofieffion, for the purpofe'of Sale; orflfcdP fett; expofe or offer for Sale, or caufe, dired or procure'to be fold1 or offered for Safe, any* Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Rhzors, Razor' Blades, Sciffors, Shears, or any other Cutlery Articles* whatfoever; Edge Tools or Hardware ■ requiring, a-cutting Edge; caft or formed in a Mould, or* forged'and' formed with'the Hammer, which1 (hall not have been, made, formed, caft or manufadured before the paffirrg of this Ad, having marked thereon the Figure or Form of a-Hammer, orany Word or Words contrary to the Diredioms of this Ad, (hall, at or before any Information or Complaint (hall be laid or made agamftJiint, her or them, prove fatisfadorily by the Oath of hhnfelf,herfrif or themfelves, before One or more of His MajeftyY JaMees of the Peace, that he, (he or they purehafed fuch Articles, witfo the- Figure, Words or Marks thereon refoedively, without" knowing at the time of- fdch Purchafe that the fame were Articles" marked contrary to the Diredions of this Ad; and (hall difeover to aay Two* or more Juftices of‘the Peace the Name or Names of the mfa orftrfon of whom he or (tie purehafed* the* fame, fo that

fuch

Penalty.

Proviso far Persons hiving in their Possession, selling* &c. Articles marked con* tarary hereto

paHfcgol**

Act.

Proviso far Persons having in their Bosses* sion Articles' marked contrary to Act, who shall, before Information laid, prove upon"" Oath the Purchase without knowing than > the Antrim were improperly marked.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

C.7.

Two Justices may determine Offence.

One Witness.

Penalty recovered by Distress.

If no Bistros, Imprisonment.

App«*l.

Costs.

Mitigation of Penadtxea.

Proceedings not quashed for Want of Form only.

fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be profecuted to Convidion for the fame, then and in fuch cafe the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have in his, her or their PofTefUon any of fuch Articles as aforefaid, for the* Purpofes aforefaid, (hall not be liable to the Pains and Penalties aforefaid, but (hall be entitled to Two third Parts of the Penalty as other Informers.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County, City or Place where the Offender or Offenders (hall refide, or where the Offence (hall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence or Offences againft this Ad ; and all fuch Juftices are hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made in that behalf, to fummon the Party or Parties accufed, and the Witneffes on each Side, and to examine into the matter of fuch Complaint; and upon due Proof thereof, either by Confeflion of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, to give Judgment or Sentence for the pecuniary Penalty, with Cofts, to be allowed by fuch Juftices, and to award and iffue out their Warrant under their Hands and Seals for the levying fuch Penalty and Cofts on the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and to caufe Sale to be made thereof in cafe fuch Goods and Chattels (hall not be redeemed within Five Days inclufive of the Day of the Seizure, rendering the Overplus (if any) after defraying the Expences of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels (hall have been fo diftrained and fold; and for want of a fufficient Diftrefs, fuch Juftices (hall and may commit fuch Offender or Offenders to HU Maiefty’s Gaol for the County, Oity or Place where fuch Offence (hall be committed as aforefaid, there to remain for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs Payment (hall be fooner made of the faid Penalty and Cofts.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall think himfelf, ■ herfelf or themfelves aggrieved by the Judgment of fuch Juftices, he, (he or they mar (upon giving Security with a fufficient Surety to the Amount of the Value of fuch Penalty or Penalties and Cofts, together with fuch further Cofts as (hall be awarded in cafe fuch Judgment (hall be affirmed) appeal to the.next General Quarter Seffions of the Peace for the County, City or Place where fuch Convidion (hall be made; and the Juftices at fuch Seffions are hereby empowered to fummon and examine Witneffes on Oath, and to hear and finally determine the matter of the faid Appeal, and to award fuch Cofts as the faid Court (hall think realpnable to the Party in whofe Favour fuch Appeal (hall be determined.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for any Juftices of the Peace, before whom any Information may be laid, and alfo for the faid Juftices in Quarter Seffions affembled (if they refpedively fhould think fit), to mitigate the faid Penalties in fuch manner as to them (hall feem expedient; provided that fuch Penalties (hall in no cafe be mitigated to lefs than One Half, or where fuch Penalties (hall be lefs than the Sum of Fifty Pounds to lefs than Twenty five Pounds.

XL And be h further enaded, That no Convi&ion made upon any Offence or Offences in this Ad mentioned or created, mall

be

A.D. 1619.

5fi* OEQ> IIL

G.7.

VJ

Form of Conviction.

be fet afide in or by any Court whatfoever, for Want of Form, or through the Mistake of any Fa A, Circumstance or other Matter whatloever; provMed that the material Fadfcs alleged in fuch Con-ridbon, and upon which the fame Shall be grounded, be proved to the Satisfaction of the faid Court; any Law, Statute or Cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII.	And be it further enadted, That a Conviction in the Form Conviction, and to the Effect following, (mutatis mutandis) as the cafe may require, Shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purpofet whatsoever, without further Stating the cafe, or the Fadts or Evidence in any particular manner ; (that is to fay,)

*	DE it remembered, That on the

*	Day of	in	the	Year	pf	our Lord

*	at	in	the	County	of

*	A. B. came before us C. Di and E. F,	of	His	Majefty’s

*	JuStices of the Peace for the faid County, [City or Place, as tbs

*	cafe may he] and informed ufc, that G. H. of

4 on the	.	Day	of	now	laft	paSt,	at

*	in	the	faid	County,	TChy or Place, as the

4 cafe may be ; herefet forth the Fa8 for which the Information is laid]*

*	Whereupon the Said G. H. after being duly fummoned to anfwer

*	the Charges, appeared before us on the	Day	of

*	at	in	the	faid County, [City or

4 Place], and having heard the Charge contained in the laid Inform-4 ationf declared he was not guilty of the faid Offence [or, as the 4 cafe may happen to be, did not appear before us, purfuant to the

*	faid Summons, or, did negledt and refufe to make any Defence 4 againft the faid Charge] but the fame being fully proved before

*	us, upon the Oath of «/. K’. a credible Witnefs [or, as the cafe 4 may happen to be] acknowledged and voluntarily confeffed the fame

*	to be true ; and it manifestly appeared to us, that the faid G. H. is 4 guilty of the Offence charged upon him in the faid Information;

*	We do therefore hereby convidt him of the .Offence aforefaid, and 4 do declare and adjudge that he the faid G. H. hath forfeited the 4 faid £here defcribe the Articles formed, cq/l, fold or offered to Sale,

4 not being marled according to the DireSions of this AB]\together with 4 the Sum of	of	lawful Money of Great

4 Britain, for the Offence aforefaid, to be distributed as the Law 4 diredts, according to the Form of the Statute in that cafe made and

*	provided. Given under our Hands and Seals the

*	Day of	.*

XIIL And be it further enadted, That if any Perfon Shall be Compelling fummoned as a Witnefs to give Evidence before fuch JuStices of the the Attendance Peace, touching any of the matters relative to this Adt, either on °* Witnesses, the Part of the informer or of the Perfon or Perfons accufed, and Shall neglect or refufe to appear at the time and Place, to be for that purpofe appointed, without a reafonable Excufe for fuch his, her or their Negledt or Refufal, to be allowed of by fuch Juftices of the Peace, or appearing Shall refufe to be examined on Oath aad give Evidence before fuch Juftices, then every fuch Perfon Shall ferfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, to he levied and paid in fuch manner and by fuch means as are herein diredted as to other Penalties.

59 G*o. III. ..	C	XIV.	And

C

C.7.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Justice by Waijant may seise Knives, &c. liable to be forfeited.

Produced in Evidence, and then Court may dispose thereof.

Limitation of Informations.

Application of Penalties.

Parishioners may be Witnesses.

Persons disclosing by whose Older any thing punishable under Act was done, not liable to Penalty.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Juftice of the Peace of the County, City or Place where the Offence is committed, or where the Offender or Offenders refide, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caufe any fuch Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Sciffors, Shears, or any other Cutlery Articles whatfoever, Edge Tools or Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, as (hall be liable to be forfeited by virtue of this Ad, to be feized, and the fame when feized to keep in fafe Cuftody, for the purpofe of producing the fame in Evidence upon any Profecution to be inftituted or carried on for the pecuniary Penalties incurred in refped thereof; and when and as foon as the further Produdion thereof in Evidence (hall become unneceflary, then the fame (hall, by Order of fuch Juffices, be deftroyed, or difpofed of in any manner as the Court before which fuch Articles (hall be produced may dired.

XV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded, That no Information (hall be exhibited for any of the Offences aforefaid, un-lefs within the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Commifiion of fuch Offences refpedively.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That One Third Part of the pecuniary Penalties to be recovered as aforefaid (hall be paid and payable to the Poor of the Parifh, Townfliip or Place where the Offence (hall be committed, and the other Two Third Parts of fuch Penalties to the Perfon or Perfons who (hall inform of any the Offences aforefaid.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That in all Informations, Complaints and other Proceedings, in purfuance of this Ad, or in relation to any matter or thing herein contained, any Inhabitant of the Parilh, Townfhip or Place in which any Offence or Offences (hall be committed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, (hall be admitted to give Evidence, and (hall be deemed competent Witneffes, notwithftandinghis, her or their being an Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the Pari(h, Townfhip or Place wherein any fuch Offence or Offences (hall be fuppofed to have been committed.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons who (hall be liable to any of the Penalties aforefaid, by reafon of any thing done by him, her or them, under the Order, Diredion or Procurement of any other Perfon or Perfons, (hall, before any Information or Complaint (hall be laid or made againff him, her or them, difcover to any Two or more Juffices the Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons by whofe Order, Direction or Procurement he, (he or they (hall have done fuch Ad, which (hall have made him, her or them liable to any of the Penalties, fo that the Perfon or Perfons by whofe Order, Diredion or Procurement he, (he or they (hall have done fuch Ad, (hall be profe-cuted to Convidion for the fame, then and in fuch cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons who (hall give fuch Information, or make fuch Complaint, (hall not be liable to the Pains and Penalties aforefaid, but (hall be entitled to Two Third Parts of the Penalty, as other Informers.

CAP.

A.D.1SI9

59° GEO. III.

C.8,9.

19

CAP. VIII.

An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One tboufand eight hundred and twenty, an Aft of the laft Seffion of Parliament, for preventing Aliens from becoming naturalized, or being made or becoming Denizens, except in cer-

tain cafes.

[23d March 1819.J

HERE AS an A ft was madein the laft Seffion of Parliament, 58 G. 3.«. 97.

intituled An A8 to prevent Aliens, until the Twenty fifth Day 4 of March One tboufand eight hundred and nineteen^ from becoming 4 naturalised, or being made or becoming Deninens, except in certain cafes :

4 And Whereas it is expedient that the faid recited Aft and the Pro-* vifion therein contained fhould be continued for a further Period Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Thajt the faid recited Aft and the Provifiqns continued, therein contained fhall be and the fame is and are hereby continued in force from the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty; and that until the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty no-Alien fhall become a naturalized Subjeft, or be made or become a Denizen, or become entitled to the Privileges of a naturalized Subjeft or Denizen contrary to the Provifions of the faid recited Aft.

II. And be it further enafted. That the faid recited Aft and this Act altered, Ac. Aft may be altered, amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be tide Session, pafled in this Seffion of Parliament.

An Aft for punching Mutiny and Defertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

[23d March 1819.]

{This A8 is the fame, and all the Schedules are alfo the fame, as 58 G. 3. c* 11. except as to Dates, Number of Forces, &c, and the Se8tons that are here infested*}

XXVIII. PROVIDED always, and be it further enafted. That Officers to be . in all Trials by General Courts Martial to be held by virtue of this sworn.

Aft, every Member affifting at fuch Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, fhall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelifts, before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy (who are hereby authorifed to adminifter the fame); that is to fay,

*	VGU fhall well and truly try and determine according to your Oaths to be

*	Evidence, in the matter now before you.	taken by all

« So help you GOD.’ Membwsofa General Court

*	I	do	fwear,	That	I	will duly adminifter Juftice, according Martial.

‘ to the Rules and* Articles for the better Government of His

*	Majefty’s Forces, and according to an Aft of Parliament now in

*	force for the Punifhment of Mutiny and Defertion, and other Crimes

*	therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or Affection \ and

CAP. IX.

C 2

« if

L

C.9.

59’ GEO. III.

A.D. 1S19.

The Judge

The Oath.

In Sentences

Officers shall

concur, &c.

*	if any Doubt Hull arife, which is not explained by the faid Articles

*	or Aft of Parliament, according to my Confidence, the beft of my 4 Underftanding, and the Cuftom of War in the like cafes : And I

* further fwear, That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court

* until it (hall be approved by His Majefty, or by fome Perfon < duly authorised by Him ; neither will I, upon any account, at any 4 time whatfoever, difclofe or difcover the Vote or Opinion of any 4 particular Member of the Court Martial, unlefs required to give 4 Evidence thereof as a Witnefs, by a Court of Juftice or a Court 4 Martial, in a due Courfe of Law.	So	help me GOD.*

And fo Soon as the faid Oaths (hall have been adminiftered to the Atfrocate to be refpeftive Members, the Prefident of the Court is hereby authorifed mwrtrn	and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Perfon

officiating as Such, an Oath in the following Words.

4 J	do	fwear, That I will not upon any account, at

4 any time whatsoever, difclofe or difcover the Vote or Opinion 4 of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unlefs required 4 to give Evidence thereof as a Witnefs, by a Court of Juftice or a 4 Court Martial, in a due Courfe of Law. So help me GOD.*

And no Sentence of Death (hall be given againft any Offender in of Death, what Inch cafe by any General Court Martial, unlefs Nine Officers prefent Number of fhall concur therein, (except fuch General Court Martial (hall be holden in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majefty’s Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eqft Indict, or in Africa, or in New South Walct as aforefaidj ; and in all cafes where a Court Martial fhall confift of more Officers than Thirteen, and alfo in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majefty’s Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indiet, or in Africa and in New South Walet as aforefaid, when the fame (hall confift of a leffer Number of Officers, then fuch Judgment (hall pafs by the Concur* Hours of Trial rence of Two Thirds at the lead of the Officers prefent; and no Proceeding or Trial (hall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in cafes which require an immediate Example: Provided alfo, that all Witneffes duly fummoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Perfon officiating as fuch, (hall, during their neceffary Attendance privileged from *n ^ourt8» in going to and returning from the fame, be privileged from Arreft in like manner as Witneffes attending any of His Majefty’s Courts of Law are privileged; and that if any tuch Witnefs (hall be unduly arrefted, he (hall be difcharged from fuch Arreft by the Court out of which the Writ or Procefs iffued by which fuch Witnefs was arrefted; or if the Coutt out of which the Writ or Procefs iffued be not fitting, then by any Judge of the Court of King’s Bench in London or in Dublin, or Court of Seffions in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the Wejl Indiet, according as the cafe (hall require, upon its being made appear to fuch Court or Judge by Affidavit in a fummary Way, that fuch Witnefs was arrefted in going to or retumiug from or attending upon fuch Court Martial; and that all Witneffes fo duly fummoned as aforefaid, who (hall not attend on fuch Courts, (hall be liable to be attached in the Court of King’s Bench in London or Dublin, or Court of Seffion or

Sheriffs

Witnesses attending Courts Martial to be

Witnesses not attending liable to be attached.

A.D.1819.

«° GEO. m.

C9.

31

Sheriff* Depute or Stewards Depute, or their refpeftive Subftkutes, within their feveral Shires and Stewartrien, in Scotland, or Courts, of Law in the Weft Indies refpeftively, upon Complaint made to the faid Courts of King’s Bench, or Court of Seffion in Scotland, or Courts- of Law in the Wcjl Indies, in like manner as if fuch Witnefs had ne-glefted to attend on a Trial in any Criminal Proceeding in that Court.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enafted, That every Judge Advocate, or Perfon officiating as fuch at any General Court Martial, do and he is hereby required to tranfmit, witn as much Expedition as the Opportunity of time and Diftance of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence of fuch Court Martial to the Judge Advocate General in London, or if the Court Martial (hall have been held in Ireland, to the Judge Advocate General in Dublin ; and the faid original Proceedings and Sentences are to be carefully kept and preferred in the refpeftive Offices, to the end that the rerfons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Application to fuch Office, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft.

XLI. And be it further enafted, That no Officer (hall mufter any Regiment, Troop or Company within the City of IVeJlminJler, and Borough of Southwark and Liberties thereof, but in the Prefence of Two or more Juftices of the Peace, not being Officers of the Army, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, and of being difcharged* from his Office, unlefs fuch Juftices, upon Forty eight Hours’ Notice being given to Six of His Majefty's Juftices of the Pbace- reading within the City and Liberties aforefaid refpeftively, (hall negleft to attend fuch Mufter ; and in cafe of fuch Neglqft, fuch Officer may proceed to mufter fuch Regiment, Troop or Company; provided that Oath be made before any of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace within Forty eight Hours after fuch Mufter taken, that fuch Notice was given to Six Juftices of the Peace as aforefaid, which Juftices; fo attending are hereby empowered to (ign the faid Mufter Rolls, and to take Recognifance of fuch Mufter, and to examine the Truth thereof, before they (ign the fame.

XLIV. And be it further enafted. That every Officer that (hall make any falfe or untrue Mufter of Man or Hor ie, or (hall wittingly or willingly allow or (ign the Mufter Roll wherein fuch falfe Mufter is contained, or any Duplicate thereof; and alfo every Officer who (hall direftly or iodireftly take or caufe to be taken any Sum or Sums of Money, or any other Gratuity, on or for the muttering any Regiment, Troop or Company, or on or for the figning of any Mufter Rolls, or any Duplicate thereof, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by Two Witneffes before a General Court Martial, to be thereupon called (which is hereby authorifed and required to adnunifter fuch Oath), (hall for fuch Offence be forthwith cafhiered, and (hall be thereby utterly difabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Majefty’s Service.

XLV. And be it further enafted,. That if any Officer (hall knowingly mufter any Perfon by a wrong Name, upon Conviftion thereof before a General Court Martial, the faid Officer (hall be fubjeft to fuch Penalties as are direfted and inflifted by this Aft upon thole who (hall make falfe Mufters.

CXII. And be it further enafted, That no Officer of His Ma-Forces refiding in. Barracks, or elfewhere under Military

Proceedings, &c. of Courts Martial to be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General.

No Muster in Westminster, Ac. but in the Presence of Two or mors Justices.

Penalty on Officers making false Musters, Ac.’

C 3

Law,

Penalty for mustering sons by wrong Names.

Officers not liable to have Parish Poor

apprenticed to them.

Continuance etf Act

Persons making false Representations in taking the Oath marked (A.)>

- and obtaining i Bounty, deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences. 30 G. a. c. a4.

C. 9, 10.	59°	GEO.	lit	A.D. 1819.

Law, (hall be deemed liable to have any Parilh Poor Child bound Apprentice to him; but that every fuch^Officer (hall be wholly exempt from taking or receiving, or from having bound to him any fuch Child as an Apprentice, any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary notwithilanding.

CLX. And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall be and continue in force within Gneat Britain from the Twenty fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and twenty; and (hall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jerfey, Guernfey, Alderney, Sari and IJle of Man9 and the 1 (lands thereto belonging, from the Firft Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, until the Firft Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and twenty ; and (hall be and continue in force within the Garrifon of Gibraltar, and in Spain and Portugal, from the Twenty fifth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and twenty; and (hall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where His Majefty’s Forces may be ferving, and in the Weft Indiet and America, from the Twenty fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty ; and (hall be and continue in force within the Cape of Good 'Hope, the IJle of France and Bourbon9 and Ifiands thereto belonging^ Saint Helena and the Weftem Coaft of Africa, from the Twenty fifth Day of 0Sober One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of OSober One thoufand eight hundred and twenty; and (hall be and continue in force in all other Places from the Twenty fifth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, to the Twenty fifth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one.

CAP. X.

An A£t for the regulating of His Majefly’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.	[23d	March	1819.3

[This AS is the fame, and all the Schedules are alfo the fame, as 58 G. 3. c. 12. except as to Dates, the SeBions that are here in-ferted, and the Omijfton ofSeSions 67. and 79. of 58 G. 3. c. 12.3

LXXVII. AND be it further enaded, That any Perfon who (hall knowingly, wilfully and defignedly make any falfe Representation of any Particular contained in the Form of Oath marked (A.) in the Schedule annexed to this Ad, before the Juftice of the Peace at the time of his Atteftation, for the purpofe of obtaining, and (hall thereupon obtain any Enlifting Money, or any Bounty or Part of a Bounty, for enlifting into His Majefty’s Royal Marines, or any other Money, (hall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under falfe Pretences, within the true Intent and Meaning of an Ad palled in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled An AS for the more effeSual Punijbment of Perfons who Jhall attain or attempt to attain Pojfejjton of Goods or Money by falfe or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; for

the

A.D.I819.

59° GEO. III.

23

010,1).

the eafy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming m Public Houfes by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants and Apprentices; and that the Production of fuch Oath, and Proof of the Juftice'a Hand Writing thereto, (hall in any Profecution to be inftituted again ft the eolifting Perfon or Recruit therein named, be fufficient Evidence of fuch Perfon having represented the Several Particulars contained in fuch Oath at the time of his being attefted; and in cafe fuch Perfon (hall be an Apprentice, he (hall immediately after the Expiration of his Apprentice(hip, or other fooner Determination of it, whether he (hall have been convi&ed and puniftied or not, be deemed duly enlifted, and be liable from thenceforth to Serve as a Marine; and if, on the Expiration or other fooner Determination of his Ap-prraticefhip, he (hall not deliver himfelf up to fome Officer at the Head Quarters of one of the Divifions of His Majefty’a Royal Marine Forces, or to fome Royal Marine Officer authorifed to receive Recruits, he (hall be liable to be apprehended and dealt with as a Deferter from His Maiefty’s faid Royal Marine Forces.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it Penalty for (hall be lawful for any Two Junices of the Peace or Magiftrates before whom any Perfon (hall be brought who has enlifted, and who (hall be 0 n proved upon Oath before them and convi&ed of having wilfully concealed any Infirmity upon being attefted, to adjudge luch Perfon to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and fuch Perfon (hall thereupon be fub-je& to fuch Puniftiment as by and under any Statutes or Laws now in force may be infii&ed upon Rogues, Vagabonds, and Vagrants and incorrigible Rogues, to be adjudged by the Juftices of the Peace or Magiftrates fo convicting any fuch Perlon as aforefaid.

LXXXII. And be it further ena&ed, That no Officer of His Officers not Maiefty’s Royal Marine Forces, refiding in Barracks or elfewhere, under Military Law, (hall be deemed liable to have any Parifti poor apprenticed Child bound Apprentice to him, but that every fucb Officer (hall be them, wholly exempt from taking or receiving, or from having bound to him, any fuch Apprentice; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

CAP. XI.

An A£k to indemnify fuch Perfons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themfelves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for certain of thofe purpofcs refpe&ively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thouland eight hundred and twenty ; and to permit fuch Perfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the Firft Day of Hilary Term One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and to allow Perfons to make and file fuch Affidavits, although the Perfons whom they ferved (hall have negle&ed to take out their Annual Certificates.

[23d March 1819.]

[This A8 is the tarns as 58 G. 3. c. 5. except as to Dates, and as to the Seffm1 here infertedt]	A	__

^ C 4	‘	III.	AND

2i

C. 11,12.

59° GEO. IIL

A.D. 1819.

Person* acting as Trustees for Roads, not having the Qualification, indemnified.

‘ IIL AND Whereas feveral Perfons hare inadvertently, and

*	without any corrupt or interefted Motives, aded as Truftees in the

*	Execution of divers A61s of Parliament for the making or repair-4 ing of divers Turnpike Roads in England, without being pofieffed

*	of the Qualifications required refpedlively by the feveral Adis of 4 Parliament under which inch Perfons were appointed or elefted to 4 be Truftees, and without having taken and fubfcribed the Oaths or •4 Affirmations of their Qualifications reauired by fuch AAs refpedl-

*	ively Be it further enadled, That all. Perfons who have incurred any Penalty or Incapacity mentioned in or inflidled by any Adi or Adis of Parliament for the making or repairing of any Turnpike Road or Roads in England, by adling as Truftees in the Execution of any fuch Adi or Adis without being poflefTed of the Qualifications required by any fuch Adi or Adis refpedlively, or by negledring to take and fubfcribe any Oath or Affirmation required to quality them as fuch Truftees, according to any fuch Adi or A&s refpe&ively, (hall be and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred by reafon of fuch adling, or of fuch Omiffion or Negledl as aforefaid; and that no Adi, matter or thing, done by any of them in the Execution of any fuch Adi or Adis of Parliament, and not yet avoided, fhall be queftioned or avoided by reafon of fuch adling,. or of fuch Omiffion or Negledl as aforefaid, but that all fuch Adis, matters and things, fhall be, and are hereby declared to be, as good and effedlual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if fuch Perfons refpedlively had been duly qualified to adl as fuch Truftees, and had taken and fubfcribed fucn Oaths or Affirmations at fuch Place and in Such Maimer as is required refpedlively by the Several Adis under which Such Perfons fhall have acled as Truftees as aforefaid ; any thing in the Said Adis, or any of them, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithstanding : Provided always, that fucn Perfon or Perfons do and ftiall take and fubfcribe the Oaths or Affirmations of Qualification required by the refpedlive Adl or Adis under which fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall adl as a Trultee or Truftees, in fuch Manner and Form, and in fuch Place or Places refpedlively, as are diredled and appointed by the faid Adis refpedlively, before any fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall adl as fuch Truftqe or Truftees at any time after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months next after the paffing of this Adl*

cap. xir.

An Adl to amend the Laws for the Relief of the Poor.

[31ft March 1819.3

4 TX)R the better and more effedlual Execution of the Laws for 4 X? the Relief of the Poor, and for the Amendment thereof May it pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enadled 5 and be it enadled by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, iliah Select	he	lawful	for	the	Inhabitants of any Parifti, in Veftry

Vestries for the affembled, and they are hereby empowered, to eftabliffi a Sele& Concerns of the Veftry for the Concerns of the Poor of fuch Parifti; and to that Poor.	end	to	nominate	and	eledl,	in	the	fame or in any fuhfequent Veftry*

Parishes < powered to

A.D.l 819.

59° GEO. III.

C.1S.

«5

or any Adjournment thereof refpe&ively, fuch and fo many fub-ftantial Houfeholders or Occupiers within fuch Parifti, not exceeding the Number of Twenty nor lets than Five, as (hall in any fuch Veftry be thought fit to be Members of the Select Veftry ; and the Reftor, Vicar or other Minifter of the Parifti, and in his Abfence the Curate thereof (fuch Curate being refident in and charged to the Poor's Rates of fuch Parifti), and the Churchwardens and Overfeen* of the Poor for the time being, together with the Inhabitants who (hall be nominated and ele&ed as aforefaid (fuch Inhabitants being firft thereto appointed by Writing under the Hand and Seal of One of His Majefty 'a Juftices of the Peace, which Appointment he is hereby authorifed and required to make), fhall be and conftitute a Seled Veftry for the Care and Management of the Concerns of the Poor of fucn Parifti, and any Three of them (Two of whom (hall neither be Churchwardens nor Overfeers of the Poor) (hall be a Quorum; and when any Inhabitant ele&ed and appointed to ferve in any fuch Select Veftry fhall, before the Expiration of his Office, die or remove from the Parifh, or (hall become incapable of ferving, or (hall refiife or negleft to ferve therein, the Vacancy which (hall be thereby occafioned (hall, as foon as conveniently may be, be filled up by the Ele&ion and Appointment, in manner aforefaid, of fome other fubftantial Houfeholder or Occupier of fuch Parifti, and fo from time to time as often as any fuch Vacancy (hall occur; and every fuch Sele& Veftry (hall continue and be empowered to aft from the time of the Appointment thereof until Fourteen Days after the next Annual Appointment of Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifti (hall take place, and may be from Year to Year, and in any future Year, renewed in the manner hereinbefore directed; and every fuch Select Veftry (hall meet once in every Fourteen Days, and oftener if it (hall be found neceffary, in the Parifti Church, or in fome other convenient Place within the Parifti ; and at every fuch Meeting a Chairman (hall be appointed by the Majority of the Members prefent, who (hall prefide therein ; and in all cafes of Eouality of Votes upon any Queftion there arifing, the Chairman (hall have the cafting Vote ; and every fuch Sele& Veftry is hereby empowered and required to examine into the State and Condition of the Poor of the Parifti, and to inquire into and determine upon the proper Obje&s of Relief, and the Nature and Amount of the Relief to be given; and in each cafe (hall take into Confideration the Chara&er and Condu& of the poor Perfon to be relieved, and (hall be at liberty to diftinguifti, in the Relief to be granted between the deferring, and the idle, extravagant or profligate Poor ; and fuch Sele& Veftry fhall make Orders in Writing for fuch Relief as they (hall thins: requifite, and (hall inauire into and fuperintend the Colle&ion and Adminiftration of all Money to be raifed by the Poor's Rates, and of all other Funds and Money raifed or applied by the Parifti to the Relief of the Poor ; and where any fuch Sele& Veftry (hall be efta-bhftied, the Overfeers of the Poor are required, in the Execution of their Office, to conform to the Dire&ions of the Sele& Veftry, and (hall not (except in cafes of fudden Emergency or urgent Ne-ceffity, and to the Extent only of fuch temporary Relief as each cafe (hall require, and except by Order of Juftices, in the cafes hereinafter provided for,) give any further or other Relief or Allowance to the Poor, than fuch as (hall be ordered by the Seled Veftry.

2	II.	And

Constitution of Select Vestries.

Members elected, being appointed by a Justice, to constitute a Select Vestry.

Vacancies how supplied.

Continuance of Select Vestries.

Power of Renewal Meetings and Duties of Select Vestries.

Overseen (Exception) to give no other Relief than as ordered by Select Vestry.

C. 18.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Proceedings by Justice of Peace, upon Complaint of Want of Relief.

Overseers summoned to appear before Two Justices.

One Justice may order temporary Relief, in cases of urgent Necessity.

Minutes kept of Proceedings of Select Vestries.

Minutes and Reports of Proceedings, laid before Inhabitants in General Vestry.

Notice of bolding Vestries, Election of Members, &c.

II.	And be it further enabled, That when any Complaint (hall be made to any Juftice of the Peace, of the Want of adequate Relief, by or on the behalf of any poor Inhabitant of any Parifti for which a SeleA Veftry (hall be eftabliftied by virtue of this A6t, or in which the Relief of the Poor is or (hall be under the Management of Guardians, Governors or Dire&ors appointed by virtue of Special or Local A61s, fuch Juftice (hall not proceed therein, or take Cog-nifance thereof, unlefs it (hall be proved on Oath before him, that Application for fuch Relief hath been firft made to and refufed by the Sele& Veftry, or by fuch Guardians, Governors or Directors ; and in fuch cafe, the Juftice to whom the Complaint (hall be made may fummon the Overfeers of the Poor, or any of them, to appear before any Two of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Pbace, to anfwer the Complaint; and if upon the hearing thereof it (hall be proved on Oath, to the Satisfa£hon of the Juftices who (hall hear the fame, that the Party complaining, or on whofe behalf the Complaint (hall be made, is in need of Relief, and that adequate Relief hath been refufed by the Sele& Veftry, or by fuch Guardians, Governors or Diredors, or that fuch Select Veftry (hall not have aftembled as by this A& dire&ed, it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftices to make an Order, under their Hands and Seals, for fuch Relief as they, in their juft and proper Difcretion, (hall think neceflary ( Reference being alfo had by fuch Juftices to the Charafter and Condu& of the Applicant) ; provided, that in every fuch Order the fpecial Caufe of granting the Relief thereby dire&ed (hall be exprefsly dated, and that no fuch Order (hall be given for or extend to any longer time than One Month from the Date thereof: Provided that it (nail be lawful for any Juftice to make an Order for Relief in any cafe of urgent Neceffity, to be fpecified in fuch Order, fo as fuch Order (hall remain in force only until the aflembling of the Seleft Veftry of the Parifti, or of fuch Guardians, Governors or Dire&ors, as aforefaid, to which fuch cafe (hall relate.

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That every SeleA Veftry, to be eftabliftied by the Authority of this A(hall caufe Minutes to be fairly entered in Books, to be for that purpofe provided, of all their Meetings, Proceedings, Refolntions, Orders and Tranfa&ions, and of all Sums received, applied and expended, by their Direction ; and fuch Minutes (hall from time to time be figned by the Chairman; and (hall, together with a Summary or Report of the Accounts and Tranfa&ions of the Sele& Veftry, be laid before the Inhabitants of the Parifti in General Veftry aflemhled, Twice in every Year, that is to fay, in the Month of March and the Month of 0Bober, and at fuch other times as the Seleft Veftry (hall think fit; and the Minutes, Proceedings, Accounts and Reports of every Seledfc Veftry, (hall belong to the Parifti, and be preferved with the other Books, Documents, Accounts and public Papers thereof.

IV.	Provided, and be it further ena&ed, That the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor (hall caufe Ten Days’ Notice, at the lead, to be publicly given, in the ufual manner, of every Veftry to be holden for the purpofe of eftabliftiing any Sele& Veihy, or of nominating and ele&ing the Members, or any Member tnereof, and of every Veftry to be holden for the purpote of receiving the Report of tne Seleft Veftry ; and every Notice of any fuch Veftry (hall ftate the fpecial purpofe thereof.

V. And

»

AJX1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.12.

27

V.	And be it further enafted. That every Order to be made, after the Firft Day of May next, for the Relief of any poor Perfon by the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of any Parifii not having a Sele& Veftry, under the Authority of this A&, (hall be made by Two or more Judices, who (hall, in making every fuch Order, take into their Coniideration the Chara&er and Condu& of the Perfon applying for Relief; provided that in every fuch Order the fpecial Caufc of granting the Relief thereby dire&ed (hall be exprefsly dated, and that no fucn Order (hall be given for or extend to any longer time than One Month from the Date thereof: Provided alfo, that in cafes of Emergency and urgent Didrefs, it (hall be lawful for One Juftice to order fuch Relief as the cafe (hall require, dating in his Order the Circumdances of the cafe $ but no fuch lad mentioned Order (hall entitle any Perfon to claim Relief by virtue thereof more than Fourteen Days from the Date of the Order, nor (hall the fame have any Force or Effe& after the next Petty Seffion to be holden within the Hundred or other Divifion or Diftrift in which the Pari(h to which the fame (hall apply (hall be fituated.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall be lawful for His Majefty’s Judices of the Peace, in their refpe&ive Special Sefiions for the Appointment of Overfeers of the Poor, upon the Nomination, and at the Requed of the Inhabitants of any Pari(h in Veitry aflera-bled, to appoint any Perfon who (hall be a(Te(Ted to the Relief of the Poor thereof, and (hall be a Houfeholder refident within Two Miles from the Church or Chapel of fuch Parifii, or, where there (hall be no Church or Chapel, (hall be refident within One Mile from the Boundary of fuch Parifii, to be an Overfeer of the Poor thereof, although the Perfon fo to be appointed (hall not be an Houfeholder within the Parifh of which he (hall be fo appointed an Overfeer of the Poor; and it (hall be fufficient, in every fuch Appointment, to defcribe the Perfon appointed by bis Name and Refidence ; provided that no Perfon (hall be appointed to, or be compellable to ferve the Office of Overfeer of the Poor of any Parifii or Place in which he (hall not be a Houfeholder, unlefs he (hail have confented to fuch

Appointment.

VII. And be it further ena£fced, That it (hall be lawful for the Inhabitants of any Parifii in Vedry afiembled, to nominate and ele£fc any difcrete Perfon or Perfons to be Affidant Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor of fuch Parifii, and to determine and fpccify the Duties to be byor them executed and performed, and to fix fuch yearly Salary lor the Execution of the faid Office as (hall by fuch Inhabitants in Vedry be thought fit; and it (hall be lawful for any Two of His Majefty’s Judices of the Peace, and they are hereby empowered, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to appoint any Perfon or Perfons who (hall be fo nominated and elected to be Affidant Overfeer or Overfeers of the Poor, for fuch purpofes, and with fuch Salary, as (hall have been fixed by the Inhabitants in Vedry; and fuch Salary (hall be paid, out of the Money raifed for the Relief of the Poor, at fuch times and in fuch manner as (hall have been agreed upon between the Inhabitants in Vedry and the refpe&ive Perfons (o to be appointed; and every Perfon to be fo appointed Affidant Overfeer (hall be and he is hereby authorised and empowered to execute all fuch of the Duties of the Office of Overfeer of the Poor m (hall in the Warrant for lm Appointment be exprefied in like

manner



Order* for Relief, where no Select Vestry, made by Two or more Justices.

Exception.

I imitation of Order for Relief.

Power to Special Sessions to appoint non resident Overseen.

Consent neces* sary.

Inhabitants in Vestry may elect, and Two Justices may appoint Assist* ant Overseer with a Salary, f Sic.

Out of what Money Salary to be paid.

C. 12.

59’ GEO. III.

A.D.18I?

Continuance in Office of such Assistant Overseer.

Security may betaken.

Power to Churchwardens, &c. to build or enlarge Workhouses.

Workhouses insufficient may be sold by Churchwardens, Sec. with Consent of Two Justices.

Produce of Sale how applied.

Where no Poorhouse, Sec. ean be procured

manner and as fully, to all Intents and Purpofes, as the fame maybe executed by any ordinary Overfeer of the Poor ; and every Per-fon or Perfons fo appointed (hall continue to be an Affiftant Overfeer of the Poor until he or they (hall refign fuch Office, or until his or their Appointment (hall be revoked by the Inhabitants of the Parifti in Veftry affembled, and no longer ; and it (hall be lawful for the Inhabitants of any Parifti, upon the Nomination and Ele&ion by them of an Affiftant Overfeer or Overfeers, to require and take Security for the faithful Execution of his or their Office, by Bond, with or without a Surety, or Sureties, and in fuch Penalty as they-(hall think fit; and every fuch Bond (hall be made to the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, and may, on any Breach of the Condition thereof, be put in Suit by and in the Names of the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor for the time being, by the Direction of the Veftry or Sele& Veftry, for the Benefit of the Parifh, in the manner hereinafter provided.

VIII. And be it further ena&ed, That in any Parifti not having-a Workhoufe for the Poor thereof, or where the Workhoufe (hair he found infufficient or inconvenient, it (hall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, by the Dire&ion of the Inhabitants in Veftry affembled, to ere& and build in fuch Parifti a fuitable Workhoufe, or to alter and enlarge any Meffuage or Tenement belonging to fuch Parifti for that purpofe, and to purchafe or take on Leafe any Ground within the Parifti for the purpofe of fuch Building, or for enlarging any fuch other Mefluage or Tenement belonging to fuch Parifti tor that purpofe ; or fu£h Churchwardens and Overfeers may and they are hereby authorifed to add to and enlarge any fuch infufficient Workhoufe, as the Inhabitants of the Parifti in Vei-try (hall think fit and dire&.

‘ IX. And Whereas it would be advifable to enable Pariftiea to fell * and difpofe of their prefent Workhoufes, or any other Houfes or 4 Tenements belonging to fuch Parifties, in cafes where the fame 4 are infufficient ana incapable of being enlarged or ufed as Work-4 houfes, and to apply the Produce thereof m aid of building new 4 WorkhoufesBe it therefore ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of any Parifti, and they are hereby authorifed, by the Dire&ion of the Inhabitants in Veftry affembled, and with the Confent of Two Juf-tices, to be certified under their Hands, to fell and difpofe of any Workhoufe, or any other Houfes or Tenements belonging to fuch-Parifti which (hall be found to be infufficient or unfit for the purpofe,. with the Scite thereof, and the Outhoufes, Offices, Yards and Gardens thereto belonging, for the bed Price and Prices that can be reafonably obtained, and to convey and affure the fame to the Pur-chafer or PurchaferB thereof, his, ner or their Heirs and Affigns, or. as he, (he or they (hall di^edt, and to apply the Produce of fuch* Sale, after deducting the reasonable Expences thereof, towards the Purchafe or Building of a new Workhoufe, or in or towards the* Payment of any Money to be borrowed under the Authority of. this Aft, as the Inhabitants in Veftry (hall dire£L

4 X. And Whereas there may be Parifties in which no fufficient 4 Poorhoufe or Workhoufe can be procured for the Accommodation 4 of the Poor thereof ;* Be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor

o£

0.12.

29

I

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

6f every fuch Parifh, by the Direftion of the*Inhabitants thereof, Inthe Fmsh, in Veftry aflembled, to purchafe or hire any fuitable and convenient Houfe or Houfes, Building or Buildings, for that purpofe, in any * adjoining Parifh, with the Confent of Two or more Juftices, fuch Con fen t to be written upon or annexed to the Agreement for pur-chafing or hiring fuch Houfe or Houfes, Building or Buildings:

Provided always, that no fuch Houfe or Building (hall be fituate more than Three Miles from the Parifh for which the fame (hall be purchafed or hired.

XI. And be it further enafted, That every Houfe and Building Such Building, which (hall be fo purchafed or hired, (hall in all Queftions relative to m to Setde-the Settlement of Perfons bom or lodged therein, be deemed and ment, taken to taken to be Part of the Parifh on behalf of which the fame (hall be **in P»dsh purchafed or hired, and by which the fame (hall be ufed as a Poor- “ P, * houfe or Workhoufe.

4 XII. And Whereas, by an Aft pafled in the Forty third Year 43 Elis. c.*.

4 of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, the Churchwardens and Over- 5 lm

4 feers of the Poor are direfted to fet to work certain Perfons therein

* described: And Whereas by the Laws now in force fufficient m

4 Powers are not given to the Churchwardens and Overfeers, to

4 enable them to keep fuch Perfons fully and conftantly employed

Be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Cnurchwardens Pwidie* may

and Overfeers of the Poor of any Pari(h, with the Confent of the

Inhabitants thereof in Veftry affembled, to take into their Hands pfo-nientoftho

any Land or Ground which (hall belong to fuch Pari(h, or to the poor.

Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of fuch Parifh, or to the

Poor thereof, or to purchafe or to hire and take on Leafe for and

on account of the Parifh, any fuitable Portion or Portions of Land

within or near to fuCh Parifh, not exceeding Twenty Acres in the not exceeding

whole; and to employ and fet to work in the Cultivation of fuch *° Acres;

|	Land, on account of the Parifh, any fuch Perfons as by Law they

i	are direfted to fet to work, and to pay to fuch of the poor Perfons

(b employed as (hall not be fupported by the Parifh, reafonable Wages for their Work ; and the poor Perfons fo employed (hall have ftich and the like Remedies for the Recovery of their Wages, and Audi be fubjeft to fuch and the like Punifhment for Milbehaviour in their Employment, as other Labourers in Hufbandry are by Law entitled and fubjeft to.

XIII.	Provided, and be it further enafted, ^hat for the Promo- and may let tioo of Induftry amongft the Poor, it (hall be lawful for the Church- Portions of 4 wardens and Overfeers of the Poor of any Pari(h, with the Confent of f° p°°r

j the Inhabitants m Veftry aflembled, to let any Portion and Portions of 1 ltant8‘ Inch Parifh Land as aforefaid, or of the Land to be fo purchafed or taken on account of the Parifh, to any poor and induftrious Inha-1	bitant of the Parifh, to be	by him or her occupied and cultivated on

!	his or her own Account,	and for his or her own Benefit, at fuch

itafonable Rent and for fuch Term as (hall by the Inhabitants in Veftry be fixed and determined.

XIV.	Provided, and be it further enafted, That no Sum exceed- Amount to be

ing the Amount of a Rate or Afleflment at One Shilling in the ra^f?d/or Pound upon the Annual Value of the Property in any Panfh afleff-	““V

able to the Rates for the	Relief of the Poor, (hall be raifed, ex-	Lends^kc!

pended or applied in any	One Year, in purchafing, building and	limited,

repairing any Buildings or Land by this Aft authonfed to be pur**

chafed,

so

C. 12.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Power to raise further Sums by Loanst or by the Sale of Annuities.

Future Rates charged with Loans and Annuities.

No greater Rate than is. in the Pound shall be charged on future Rates, unless with Consent of Two Thirds in Value of the Proprietors of Premises.

chafed, taken, built *or repaired, and in fitting up, preparing and furnifhing fuch Buildings, and in Hocking fuch Land, or for any One or more of fuch purpofes or Obje&s, unlefs the major Part of .the Inhabitants and Occupiers affeffed to the Relief of the Poor, in Veftry affembled, (hall confent thereto, nor until Two Third Part* in Value of all the Inhabitants and Occupiers fo affeffed as aforefaid

(whether prefent in Veftry or not) (hall nave alfo figned their Con-ent thereto in the Veftry or Parifh Book.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That in every cafe where the Inhabitants of any Parifh (hall in manner aforefaid confent that a greater Sum than the Amount of a Rate or Affeffment of One Shilling in the Pound will raife, (hall be expended in One Year for all or any of fuch Putpofe3 and Obje&s, it (hall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of fuch Parifh, with the Confent of fuch Majority as aforefaid of the Inhabitants and Occupiers thereof, to be given and figned in the manner hereinbefore directed (after the Rate or Rates at or amounting to One Shilling in the Pound (hall have been a&ually levied and applied for fuch purpofes or fome of them), to raife any additional Sum or Sums, by Loan, or by Sale of an Annuity or of Annuities or any Life or Lives, not being under the Age of Fifty Years refpe&ively, or for any certain Term not exceeding Fifteen Years, fo as the whole Sum to be raifed for all or any of fuch purpofes by Loan, and by the Sale of Annuities, or by either of fuch means, (hall not be more than Five Shillings in the Pound of or upon the true Annual Value of the Property which (hall in fuch PariftT be affeffed to the Poor’* Rates (every Propofal for any fuch Annuity being firft dated to and approved by the Inhabitants and Occupiers of fuch Parifh in Veftry aftembled) ; and the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor (hall and they are hereby authorifed, in the Names and on the behalf of the Inhabitants of the Parifh, to fign and execute Securities for the Money which (hall be fo borrowed, and for the Annuities to be fo granted; and by every fuch Security to charge the Produce of the future Rates to be made for the Relief of the Poor of every fuch Parifh with the Repayment of the principal Sum which (hall have been fo borrowed, and the Intereft thereof, or with the Payment of the Annuity thereby granted (as the cafe may be), at and upon the Days and times, and in fuch manner and Proportions, as in and by the Security for eveiy fuch Loan and Annuity refpe&ively (hall be appointed and expreffed for the Payment thereof; and the Money to be raifed by fuch future Rates (hall be fubje& and liable to the Payment of every fuch Loan and the Intereft thereof, and of every fuch Annuity accordingly.

XVI.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it ena&ed, That no greater Sum in the Whole than the Amount of a Rate or Affeffment at One Shilling in the Pound, (hall in any Parifh be charged upon the future Rates thereof, unlefs Two Third Parts in Value of the Proprietor* of MefTuage8, Lands and Tenements within fuch Parifh (whether for Eftates of Freehold or Copyhold, or by virtue of Leafes for Terms of not lefs than Fifteen Years abfolute or determinable upon a Life or Lives) (hall have confented to raife the Money for which the Charge or Security (hall purport to be made ; fuch Confents to be given by Writing under the Hands of all Perfons and Corporations Sole, and the Confent of every Corporation Aggregate under

, the

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. Ill*

C.lfc

31

the Hand of the Prefident, Head or Chief Member thereof for the time being, and the Confents of Femes Covert, Minors, Infane Per-iooa, and Perfons out of the Kingdom, by and under the Hands of their refpedive Hufbands, Guardians, Committees, Tru flees, At-tonnes or Agents, who are refpedively authorifed to give fuch Contents, and the Confent of the major Part of the Trudees for any charitable or other purpofe (hall be fufficient in refped of the Trud Eftates.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That all Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, which fhall be purchafed, hired or taken on Leafe by the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of any Parifh, by the Authority and for any of the purpofes of this Ad, fhall be conveyed, demited and allured to the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of every fuch Parifh refpedively, and their SuccefTors, in truft for the Parifh; and fuch Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor and their SuccefTors, fhall and may and they are hereby empowered to accept, take and hold, in the Nature of a Body Cor* poratte, for and on behalf of the Parifh, all fuch Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, and alfo all other Buildings, Lands and Here* dhaments belonging to fuch Parifh; and in aD Adions, Suits, In-di&ments and other Proceedings for or in relation to any fuch Buddings, Land or Hereditaments, or the Rent thereof, or for or in relation to any other Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments belonging to fuch Parifh, or the Rent thereof, and in all Adions and Proceedings upon or in relation to any Bond to be given for the faithful Execution of the Office of an Affiftant Overleer, it fhall be fuf-firient to name the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor for the time being, deferibing them as the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifn for which they fhall ad, and naming fuch Parifh; and no Adion or Suit, Indittment or other Proceeding, fhall eeafe, abate, or be difeontinued, quafhed, defeated or impeded, by the Death of the Churchwardens and Overfeers named in fuch Proceeding, or the Deaths or Death of any of them, or by their Removal or the Removal of any of them from, or the Expiration of, their refpedive Offices.

XVIII- And it is hereby further enaded, That the Claufes, Powers, Provifions and Diredions contained in an Ad paffed in the Twenty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, for the Purpofe of enabling Bodies Politic ana Corporate, Truflees, Guardians and incapacitated Perfons, to contrad for the Sale of and to convey and leafe Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for the Purpofes in that Ad exprefTed, and for and with regard to the Payment and Application of the Purchafe Money to be paid for the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be purchafed by virtue of the faid Ad, fail extend and be applied to all Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be purchafed, hired or taken for the Purpofes and under the Authority of this Ad, and to the Payment and Application of the Purchafe Money for the fame, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if fuch Claufes, rowers, Provifions and Dirrdiooi were herein repeated and contained, and were hereby ex-enaded and applied to Lands and Buildings to be purenafed and taken on Leafe for any of the Purpofes of this Ad.

‘ XIX. And

Churchwardens and Overseen may take and sue as Bodies Corporate.

Action, Ac* not to abate by Death, Ac. of Churchwarden or Overseer.

Incapacitated Persons empowered to convey. Powers and Directions of Seat. 22 G. 3, c. 83. as to Sales, Ac. applied to this Act

C.12.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819*

Power to rate Owners of certain Houses let out in Lodgings, &c. instead of the Occupiers.

How far Inhabitants in Vestry may vary, Ac. Resolutions of former Vestry in this respect.

Mode of Assessment under such Resolutions.

Payment levied as Poor Rates.

( XIX. And Whereas in many Parifhes, and more efpecially in large and populous Towns, the Payment of the Poor’s Rates is

greatly evaded, by reafon that great Numbers of Houfes within luch Pariflies are let out in Lodgings, or in feparate Apartments, or for Ihort Terms, or are let to Tenants who quit their Refidences

or become infolvent before the Rates charged on them can be col-le&ed ; and it hath been found, that in many Inftances the Perfons letting fuch Houfes do a&ually charge and receive much higher Rents for the fame, upon the Ground and Expedition that the Occupiers thereof cannot be effedtually aflefled to the Poor’s Rates, and will not be charged with or required to pay fuch Rates, and do thus obtain an undue Advantage to themielves, and by means of the Premifes the other Inhabitants of fuch Parifhes are unjuftly compelled to pay much more than their fair and due Proportions of the Charges of relieving and maintaining the PoprFor Remedy thereof be it further enadted, That from and after the Firffc Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, it (hall be lawful for the Inhabitants of any Parifh, in Veftry aflembled, and they are hereby empowered, to reiolve and diredfc, that the Owner or Owners of all Houfes, Apartments or Dwellings in fuch Parifhes, being the immediate LefTor or Leflors of the adtual Occupier or Occupiers, which (hall refpedfcively be let to the Occupiers thereof at any Rent or Rate not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor lefs than Six Pounds by the Year, for any lefs Term than One Year, or on any Agreement by which the Rent (hall be referved or made payable at any fhorter Period than Three Months, (hall be aflefled to the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, for or in refpedfc of fuch Houfes, Apartments or Dwellings, and the Outhoufes and Curtilages thereof, inftead of the adtu&l Occupiers; and the Inhabitants fo aflembled in Veftry may and they are hereby authorised from time to time to refeind, renew, vary and amend every fuch Refolution and Direction as they (hall fee Occafion, fo as no fuch Refolution or Dire&ion (hall extend to aflefs or charge the Owner of any Houfe, Apartment or Dwelling which (hall with the Outhoufes and Curtilages thereof be let at a greater Rent than Twenty Pounds or lefs than Six Pounds as aforefaia; and the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of every fuch Parifti are hereby empowered and required to carry into effea all fuch Resolutions and Dire&ions of the Inhabitants in Veftry aflembled, and in purfuance and execution thereof, in all Rates to be by them made tor the Relief of the Poor, to aflefs by a fair and equal Pound Rate the Owner or Owners, being the immediate LefTor or Leflors of the aftual Occupier or Occupiers, of every Houfe, Apartment or Dwelling to which fuch Refolution and Direction (hall extend, for or in refpe& of the fame, according to the a&ual Rent at which every fuch Houfe, Apartment or Dwelling (hall be let, after making a reafonable Dedu&ion from fuch Rent, not exceeding in any Cafe One Half of the fame; and upon Nonpayment of the Sum or Sums fo to be aflefled, the fame may and fhall be levied upon, and the Payment thereof be enforced againft, fuch Owner and Owners, LefTor and LefTors, fo to be aflefled, and his and their Goods and Chattels, in like manner as Rates for the Relief of the Poor may by Law be levied and recovered, and the Payment thereof enforced, upon and againft any a&ual Occupier on whom the fame are charged.

XX. Pro-

A.D. 1619.

59* GEO. III.

C.lfc.

>33

XX.	Provided alfo, and be it further cna&ed, That the Goods and Chattels of every Occupier of any fuch Houfe, Apartment or Dwelling, which (hall be found in and about the fame, (hall be liable to be diftrained and fold for railing fo much of any fuch Rate or Affeff-ment being in Arrear, as (hall have become due during the Occupancy of the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels (hall be fo diftrained (to be ascertained in a Summary Way by the Juftices granting the Warrant of Diftrefs), fo that in no cafe any greater Sum be raifed by Diftrefs of the Goods and Chattels of any fuch Occupier, than (hall, at the time of making fuch Diftrefs, be actually due from fuch Occupier for Rent of the Premifes on which fuch Diftrefs (hall be made; provided alfo, that every Occupier who (hall pay any fuch Rate or Rates, or upon whofe Goods or Chattels the tame or any Part thereof (hall be levied, (hall and may deduft the Amount of the Sum which (hall be fo paid or levied, out of the Rent by him or them payable; and fuch Payment Shall be a Sufficient DiScharge to every fuch Occupier for fo much of the Rent payable by him as be (hall nave paid, or as (hall have been levied on his Goods and Chattels, of fuch Rate, and for the Cofts of levying the fame.

XXI.	Provided, and be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon receiving or claiming the Rent of any fuch Houfe, Apartment or Dwelling, for his or her own Ufe, or receiving the fame For the Ufe of any Corporation Aggregate, or of any Landlord or Leflor who ftiall be a Minor, under Coverture, or in fane, or for the Ufe of any Peribn who (hall not be ufually refidenf: within Twenty Miles from the Parifh in which any fuch Houfe, Apartment or Dwelling (hall be fituated, (hall for this Purpofe be deemed and taken to be and (hall be rateable as the Owner thereof.

XXII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon to be rated as the Owner of any fuch Houfe, Apartment or Dwelling, who (hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any fuch Rate, (hall have fuch and the like Remedy by Appeal againft the fame, as any other Perfon thereby rated; and every Perfon fo rated (hail be entitled, as an Inhabitant of the Parifh in and for which he (hall be aflefTed, to be prefent and to vote in every Veftry or Meeting of the Inhabitants thereof, for the Execution of the Laws for the Relief of the Poor, or for the Coniideration of any Matter or Queftion in relation thereto, in like manner as the Inhabitants of the faid Parifh.

XXIII.	Provided, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to give any Power or Authority to affefa the Owner (not being the Occupier) of any Houfe, Apartment or Dwelling, in any City, Borough or Town Corporate, in which the Right of voting for the Ele&ioh of Members to Serve in Parliament (nail depend upon the Afteflinent of the Voter to the Poor’s Rate, or to vary or affeft the manner of afleffing and charging any of the Inhabitants or Occupiers of Houfes, Lands or Tenements, within any fuch City, Borough or Town Corporate.

* XXIV. And Whereas Difficulties having frequently arifen, and

*	confiderable Expences have fometimes been incurred, by reafon of

*	the Refufal of Perfons who have been permitted to occupy, or who 4 have intruded themfelves into Parifh or Town Houfes, or other 4 Tenements or Dwellings built or provided for the Habitation of

*	the Poor, or otherwife belonging to fuch Parifhes, to deliver up 4 the Pofieffion of fuch Houfes, Tenements or Dwellings, when

59 Gko. III.	D	*	thereto

Goods of Occupier* may be distrained for Rates to the Amount of the Rent actually due.

Occupier* paying Rates empowered to deduct the • Amount out of their Rem.

Persons receiving Rent in certain Cases rated as Owners!

Persons rated as Owners may appml;

and may vote in Vestries.

No Owner, not being an Occupier, rated, in Places where Right of voting for Members of Parliament depends on rating.

M

C.1*.

59° GEO. III.

AJX1819.

Two Justices empowered* in ■certain Cams to deliver the Pe—tion of

Mode of ftw-

’• thereto required; and it is expedient to provide a Remedy for the 4 fame f Be it further toadied, That if any Perfon who (hall have been permitted to occupy any Parilh or Town Houfe, or auy other Tenement or Dwelling belonging to or provided by or at the

_________ Charge of any Parifh, for the Habitation of the Poor thereof, or

Parish Houses, who (hall have unlawfully intruded himfelf or herfelf into any fuch from Persons Houfe, Tenement or Dwelling, or into any Houfe, Tenement or Hereditament belonging to fuch Parifh, (hall refufe or negledfc to quit Churchwardens ^ame» and deliver up the Poffeffibn thereof to the Churchwardens and Overseers, and Overfeers of the Poor of any fuch Parifh, within One Month after Notice and Demand in Writing for that PurpoCe, figned by fuch Churchwardens and Overfeers, or the major Part of them, (ban have been delivered to the Perfon in Pofleflion, or in his or her Ab-fence affixed on fome notorious Part of the Premifes, it (hall be lawful for any Two of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, upon Complaint to them made by One or more of the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh in which any fuch Houfe, Tenement or Dwelling (hall be fituated, to ifTue their Summons to the Perfoa again ft whom fuch Complaint (hall be made, to appear before fuch Juftices at a time and Place to be appointed by them, and to caufe fuch Summons to be delivered to the Party againft whom the Complaint (hall be made, or in his or her Ablence to be affixed on the Premifes, Seven Days at the leaft before the time appointed for hearing fuch Complaint $ and fuch Juftices are hereby empowered and required, upon the Appearance of the Defendant, or upon Proof on Oath that fuch Summons hath been delivered or affixed as is hereby dire&ed, to proceed to hear and determine the Matter of fuch Com* plaint, and if they (hall find and adjudge the fame to be true, then by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to caufe Pofleffion of the PVemifes in queftion to be delivered to the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh, or to fome of them.

XXV. - And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon to whom any Land appropriated, purchased or taken under the Authority of this A&, for the Employment of the Poor of any Parifh, or to whom any other Lands belonging to fuch Parifh, or to the Churchwardens and Overfeers thereof, or to either of them, (hall have been let for his or her own Occupation, (hall refufe to quit and to deliver up the Pof-feflion thereof to the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of ^ fuch Parifh, at the Expiration of the Term for which the fame frail md Overseers!* ^een <lem^e^ or let to him or her; or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall unlawfully enter upon, or take or hold Pofleffion of any fuch Land, or any other Land or Hereditaments belonging to fuch Parifh, or to the Churchwardens or Overfeers, or to either of them, it (hall be lawful for fuch Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, or any of them, after fuch Notice and Demand of Pofleffion as is by this A& directed in the Cafe of Parifh Houfes, to exhibit a Complaint againft the Perfon or Perfons in Pofleffion of fuch Land, before Two of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, who are hereby authorifed and required to proceed thereon, and to hear and determine the Matter thereof, and if they (hall find and adjudge the fame to be true, te caufe Pofleffion of fuch Land to be delivered to the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, or fome of them, in fuch and the like Courfe and Manner as are by this A& dire&ed with regard to Parifh Houfes.

4 XXV L And

6

Two Justices empowered to deliver Possession of Land

for the Poor, from Persons intruding

A.IX1S1&

5* GEO. III.

C. 12.

ts

1 XXVI. And Whereas by the faid Aft palled in the Forty third	a

' Year of the Reign of Queen Eftxabcth, for the Relief of the Poor, §7,

‘ it was enafted, that the Father and Grandfather, and the Mother ‘ and Grandmother, and the Children of every poor, old, blind, lame

*	and impotent Perfon, or other poor Perfon not able to work, being ‘ of a fufficient Ability, (hall at their own Charges relieve and main-

*	tain every fuch poor Perfon, in that Manner and according to that i Rate as by the Juftices of the Peace of that County where fuch 1 foffident Perfon* dwell, or the greater Number of them, at their

*	General Quarter Seffion, lhall be affeffed: And Whereas it is ex-

*	pedient to extend the Power which is by the faid Aft given to ‘ Juftices in their General Quarter Seffions, to Juftices in Petty Sef-

‘ fontBe it further enafted. That it lhall be lawful for any Two Justices in

or more of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, for the County Petty Staton*

or other Jurifdiftion in which any fuch fufficient Perfon (hall dwell, ®®P°we*edm

and they are hereby empowered, in any Petty Seffion, to make fuch

Afleflinent and Order for the Relief of every poor, old, blind, lame, j,y

impotent or other poor Perfon not able to work, upon and by the ,	*	Z	j

Father, Grandfather, Mother, Grandmother or Child (being of fuf-

ficient Ability) of every fuch poor Perfon, as may by virtue of the^ **	z

find Aft be made by the Juftices in their General Quarter Selfions;	•

and that every fuch AflelTment and Order of Two or more Juftices/'1 iV

in any Petty Seffions lhall have the like Force and Effeft as if

Dane were made by the Juftices in their General Quarter Seffion	KJf	S$b

and the Difobcdience thereof lhall be punilhable in like manner.

1XXVII. And Whereas by the faid Aft paffed in the Twenty as G. 3 c. 85.

*	fecund Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for the better Relief ‘ and Employment of the Poor, it is enafted, with regard to Parilhes ‘ which have adopted the Provifions thereof, and for which a Viiitor < Ihafl have been appointed, that no Guardian of the Poor lhall be ‘ fnmmoned to appear before any Juftice of the Peace, upon Com-1 plaint or Application to fuch Juftice for the Relief of any poor ‘ Perfon, unlels Application lhall have been firft made by the Perfon 4 lb complaining to the Guardian, and upon his Refufal of Redrefs,

*	to the Vifitor: And Whereas in many Cafes, by reafon of the Ab-

*	fence of the Vifitor, or the Diftance of his Refidence, it may not be

*	in the Power of the Complainant to make the Application by the ‘ find Aft requiredFor Remtdy thereof be it further enafted,

That if it (ball be made to appear to any Juftice to whom any fuch Cases in whick

Complaint or Application for Relief (hall be made, that the Vifitor One Justice

of the Parilh or United Parilhes from which Relief lhall be fought is Duty sanutMMt

abfent from Home,'or is refident more than Six Miles from the Place G“*”*J*'*j^

of Abode of the Complainant, and that Application for Relief hath ^ake

been made to the Guardian, and hath been refufed, it lhall be lawful for without Visitor.

foch Juftice to fummon the Guardian to appear before him to anfwer

fuch Complaint, and to proceed thereon, and make fuch Order

therein, as the Cafe (hall require, in like manner as in Cafes where

Application hath been made to the Vifitor, in the manner by the faid

Aftdirefted.

XXVIII. And be it further enafted, That it lhall be lawful for Examination any Juftice of the Peace to take in Writing the Examination on of Prisoners to Oath of any Perfon having a Wife or Child, who lhall be a Prifoner k any Gaol or Houfe of Correction, or jn the Cuftodv of the Evidence. *

Keeper of any fuch Gaol or Houfe of Correction, or who lhall

D 2	be

59° GEO. III.



ai*.

A.D.I819,

Overseers empowered in certain Cases, to give Relief by way of Loan only.

be in the Cuftody of any Conftable or other Peace Officer, by virtue of any Warrant of Commitment, touching the Place of hie or her lad legal Settlement; and fuch Examination (hall be finned by fuch Juft ice taking the fame, and (hall be received and admitted in Evidence as to fuch Settlement before any Juftioes, for the pur-pofe of any Order of Removal, fo long only as the Perfon fo examined (hall continue a Prifoner.

* XXIX. And Whereas it is expedient to difeourage that Reliance '4 upon the Poor’s Rates which frequently induces Artifans, Labourers ‘ and others, to fquander away Earnings which would with fuitable 4 Care have afforded fufficient means for the Support of their Fami-4 lies Be it further ena&ed, That whenever it (hall appear to the Juftices, or to the General or Seleft Yeftry, or to fuch Guardians, Governors or Directors as aforefaid, or to the Overfeers of the Poor, to whom Application (hall be made for Relief for any poor Perfon, that he might, but for his Extravagance, Negle& or wilful Mif-condudt, have been able to maintain himfelf, or to fupport his Family

Jas the cafe may be), it (hall be lawful for the Overfeers of the >oor (by the Direction of the Juftices, or of the General or Seled Veftry, or of fuch Guardians, Governors or Directors, where Application (hall have been made to them refpeCtively) to advance Money weekly or other wife, as may be requifite, to the Perfon fo applying, by way of Loan only, and to take his Receipt for, and Engagement to repay every Sum to be fo advanced /for which no Stamp Duty (hall be required); and it fhall be lawful tor any Two Juftices, upon the Application (within One Year after any fuch Loan or Loans) of One or more of the Overfeers of the Poor for the time being of the Pari(h, to fummon the Perfon to whom any Money (hall have been fo Proceeding* advanced; and if upon Examination by fuch. Juft ices into his Cir-for Repayment cumftances, it (hail appear to them that luch Perfon is able, by weekly ° oan*	Inftalments	or	otherwife, to repay the Whole or any Part of the Mo-

ney fo advanced to him, and for tvhich he (hall have given any fuch Receipt and Engagement, it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftices to make an Order under their Hands and Seals for the Repayment of the Whole or of any Part of fuch Money, at fuch time and times, and in fuch Proportions and Manner as they (hall fee fit; and upon every Default of Payment, by their Warrant to commit fuch Perfon to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Correction for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlefs the Sum and Sums which (hall be due and payable by virtue of fuch Order (hall be fooner paid.

XXX. And be it further enaCted, That when any Perfon entitled to or in Receipt of any Penfion, Superannuation or other Allowance, in refpeCt of his Service in the Navy, Royal Marines, Army or

Pensions, &c. for Service in the Navy, Army, Ac. may be assigned in certain Cases for the Indem-

Ordnance, (hall apply to any Pariftt for Relief for himfelf, or for his Wife or Family, it (nail be lawful for the Churchwardens and Over-

feers of the Poor to require the Penfioner or other Perfon applying nity of Parishes, for Relief, before the fame (hall be granted, to affign to them the next Quarterly or other Payment-or Allowance which (hall become payable to him, to the intent that they may receive the fame, and retain loathe Ufe of the Parifh fo much thereof as (hall have been by them advanced for the Relief of fuch Penfioner, or other Perfon, or of his Wife or Family redding with him in fuch Pari(h ; and it (hall alfo be lawful for the.Church wardens and Overfeers of the Poor of any Pariih, at the Requcft of any Perfon who (hall be entitled to or in the Receipt

of

And Church-

wardens, Ac. may advanca weekly Allowance.

A.D.101&

*9° GEO. III.

C.\4.

ST

of any fuch Penfion, Superannuation, or other Allowance, to advance for his Support, or the Support of his Family, any weekly Sum not exceeding the Rate of his Penfion or Allowance, to be repaid by and out of the next Quarterly or other Payment of fuch Penfion or Allowance, and to take an Affignment thereof by way of Security for the Money fo to be advanced, any thing in any Aft or Afts to the contrary notwithfbuiding ; and every Alignment to be made of any fuch Penfion, Superannuation or Allowance, for the Purpofes of this Aft, (hall be exempt from Stamp Duty, and (hall be in the Form, or to the fifed following; that is to fay,

4 J [Mniiff lit Penfioner or other Applicant, and Jlating fuch Parti-4	cularsasJhall he requifite] do hereby alfign to the Churchwardens

4 and Overfeera of the Poor of the Pariih of 4 the next Payment of the Penfion, at the Rate of 4	per	Diem, [or, as the cafe may he], granted to

4 me as	and	payable	from

4 in order to fecure to the faid Pariih of 4 the Repayment of the Sum of

4	advanced	to me [or, of the weekly Sum of

4	*	ordered or agreed to be advanced to me^

4 as the cafe may he] by fuch Churchwardens and Overfeers*

• * Signed by the above named	\

4 before me, One of His Majefty'a Juft ices f 4 of the Peace for	{

4 this	Day	of	J

And every fuch Affignment, attefted by One of His Majefty*! Juftices of the Peace, of any Quarterly or other Payment payable by the Commiffioner8 for the Affairs *of the Royal Hofpitaus at Chelfea or Greenwich, or by the Paymafter of the Royal Marines, or the Trea-furer of the Board of Ordnance refpeftively, and made as aforefaid to the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of any Pariih, (hall he tranfmitted by fuch Churchwarden or Overfeer, at Ieaft One Month before fuch Payment (hall become due, under Cover, addreffed to the Paymafter General oT His Majefty's Forces, with the Words44 Chelfea Penfioner” written thereon, or to the Paymafter of Penfions at Greenwich Hofpftal, with the Words44 Greenwich Penfioner” written thereon, or to the Paymafter of the Royal Marines, with the Words 44 Royal Marines Penfioner” written thereon, or to the Secretary to the Board of Ordnance, with the Words 44 Ordnance Penfioner” written thereon ; who fhaH thereupon refpeftively caufe the faid Payment to be made to the Churchwardens or Overfeers of the Poor of the Pariih for whofe Security the Affignment fhall have Been made, in the fame manner as the (aid Payment would have been made to the Perfon affigning the fame if no fuch Affignment had been made ; and fuch Churchwardens and Overfeers, or any One or more of them, are and is hereby authorifed to receive the fame, and to retain thereout for the Ufe of the Parifii fo much as fhall have been advanced and pad on Security thereof, and forthwith to pay the Refidue (if any there ball be) to the Penfioner or Perfon by whom fuch Affignment (hall have been made ; and if any Queftion (hall arife between the Penfioner or Perfon making any fuch Affignment and the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of any Pariih, touching the Amount which fhall be due and payable to them by virtue of any

D 3	f«ch.

Form of Assignment.

Such Alignment, tttatsd by Justices transmitted by CBunhwtfdes, Ac. to Paymaster General, &c.

Pennon assigned to be paid to Churchwardens, &c, for Use of Parish, &c.

S8

C. 12.

A.0.1818.

'Assignment void by Death of Pensioner before Day of Payment

Two Justices may order Payment to Overseen of Pensions, Ac. of Persons leaving their Families chargeable;

And Paymaster Oenenl* Ac. to make each Payment accordingly.

How Churchwardens, to apply the seine.

69* GEO. III.

fuch Affirnment* the fame (hall be determined in a fomtnary Way by \ One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, and his Order and Determination therein (hall be final and conclusive: Provided that no fuch Alfignment (hall entitle the Churchwardens and Overfeers to whom the fame (hall be made, to receive the Penfion or Allowance purporting to be thereby alllgned, if the Party afligning. the fame (hall die before the time when fuch Penfion or other Allowance would have become payable to him if no fuch Alfignment thereof had been made.

XXXI. And be it further ena&ed, That when any Penfioner, or other Perfon entitled to or in receipt of stay fuch Penfion or other Allowance as aforefaid, (hall leave his Wife or Family chargeable, or fuffer them to become chargeable to any Parifti, it (hall be lawful for Two or more Juft ices, upon Complaint thereof to th?m made bj any one or more of the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of fuen Parifti, and verified on Oath, by Order under their Hands and Seals to direct that the next Payment which (hall become due of fuch Penfion or other Allowance (hall be made to the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the Pari(h to which fuch Wife or Family (hall have become chargeable ; and any One or more of fuch Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor (hall tranfmit fuch Order to she aforefaid Com-miflioners for the Affairs of the Royal Hofpitals at Chdfea or Green* tvicb, or the Secretary of the Board of Ordnance refpe&ively, in like manner as any Alignment is hereinbefore directed to be tranfmitted to the Paymafter General of His Majefty*s Forces, and the Paymafter of Penfions at Greenwich, the Paymafter of tbe Royal Marines, add the Secretary of the Board of Ordnance, as the cafe may be ; which faid Paymafter General, or Paymafter of Penfions at Greenwich, or the Treafurer of the Board of Ordnance, (hall thereupon, and upon fuf-ficient Proof being given that the Perfon whofe Penfion or other Allowance (hall be dire&ed to be paid (hall have been living when the fame (hall become payable, and would have been entitled to receive the fame if no fuch Order had been made, caiife the faid Payment to be made to the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifti for whofe Security fuch Order (hall hav# been made ; and the Churchwardens and OverleerB of the Poor receiving any fuch Penfion or other Allowance by virtue of any fuch Order, (hall retain and apply the fame, or fo much thereof as (nail have been actually expended for the purpofes aforefaid, for the Ufe and Indemnity of the Parifti, and (hall pay the Overplus (if any there (hall be) to the Penfioner or Perfon entitled thereto; and upon the Receipt of any fuch Order as aforefaid, by which the Penfion, or other Allowance to be mentioned therein, (hall be directed to be paid to fuch Churchwardens and Overfeers as aforefaid* the Payment thereof (hall be fufpended, until fufficient Proof (hall have been given to entitle the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifti, in fuch Order named, to receive the Money thereby dire&ed to be paid to them.

‘, XXXII. And Whereas in many Inftances the Wives and Families k of Seamen employed in the Merchants* Service become chargeable 1 to Pardhes, while their Hufbands and Fathers are abfent on fuch 4 Service, and it is expedient to provide for the Indemnity of ..fuch 4 Pardhes by and out of the Wages of fuch Seamen Be it therefore further ena&ed, That where the Wife or Family of any Seaman employed in any Voyage or Trip (not being His Majefty’s Service)

Two Justices

AJxm*

59* GEO. III.

C. 19.

9»



during kb Abfeace on fuch Employment, become chargeable order I**ym*nt to any Pari in, it (hall be lawful for two Juftices, upon Complaint J*^**®* c£r%mm thereof to them made by any One or more of the Chnrdfwardens and FamU_ Overfcera of the Poor of fuch Parifh, and verified on Oath, by his Absence Order under their Hands and Seals to direft the aft mg Owner or has become Owners, Ship’s Hufband or Agent of the Ship or Veffel in which fneh chargeable, ft* Seaman flail be employed, to pay out of the Wages which fhall be-cone doe to fuch Seaman, unto the Churchwardens and Overfeers of 0	*”

the Poor of the Parifh to which his Wife or Family (hall have become chargeable, fo much as fhall hare been by fuch rarifh neceffarily expended far their Maintenance or- Relief, (the Amount, m cafe of aayDifpute, to be ascertained by Two Juftices, whofe Determination thereon flail be final); and upon the Production of any fuch Order, And the Ow-the Owner, Ship’s Hufband or Agent, by whom the Wages of the ner, Ac. to Seaman therein to be named fhall be payable, fhall pay to fuch One make mb «r more of the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor of the Pa- Pjym®** rift for whofe Indemnity fuch Order fhall have been made, as fhall	&c

demand the fame, the Sum and Sums to* be therein fpecified and di- accordingly/ lifted to be paid, or fo much thereof 'as the Wages then due fhall - mount unto ; and the Payment to and Receipt of any fuch Churchwarden or Ovcrfcer, fhall be a good Difeharge for fo much of fuch Wages as iutfl be paid to them or him by virtue of any fuch Order; and if any fuch Owner, Ship’s Hufband or Agent, (hall refufe or And upon regfeft to pay to the Churchwarden or Overfeer producing any fucb Refusal, Pro-Order, the Money thereby dirdfted to be paid, or fo much thereof ceedings may as Hull be aftually due for the Wages of the Seaman to be therein named, the feme may be levied and recovered, and the Payment thereof ^baCWdf enforced, againft the Owner or Owners, Ship’s Hufband or Agent, pw*s Hum* by whom the feme fhall be payable, in fuch and the like manner as Poor’s Rates in Arrear may be levied and recovered, and the Payment thereof enforced, againft the Parties and Perfons chargeable and dmged therewith: Provided always, that nothing herein contained Provtav fhall autborife or compel the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money by filch afiing Owner or Owners, Ship’s Hufband or Agent, until the Voyage in which the Vefiel fhall be fo engaged fhall be completed, oor beyond the Sum that (hall be then aftually due to fuch Seaman, by foch aftiug Owner or Owners, Ship’s Hufban4 or Agent, as Wages or otherwise.

* XXXIII. And Whereas poor Perfons, bom in Scotland and ‘ lrdand, and in the Ides of Man, Jerfey and Guemfiy, frequently 4 became chargeable to Parifhes in England, and. no Frovifion is made 4 for the Removal of any fuch poor Perfon, unlefs he Or (he fhall have

•	committed feme Aft of Vagrancy, and fhall be adjudged to be a

*	Rogue and Vagabond; and no Perfon fo adjudged can be lawfully 4 removed without having been firft publicly whipped or imprifoned in 4 the Houfe of Correftion.: And Whereas it is expedient to authorife 4 the Removal of fuch poor Perfons, although they may not have

ms, although they may not 4 committed any Aft of* Vagrancy, and to authorife Juftices1

f . Power tb-TW Ot the ju8tices t« re-

4 Face to caufe fuch of them as may be adjudged to be Rogues and move charge-4 Vagabonds, to be conveyed by a Pafs, without having been firft able Poor born 4 whipped or imprifoned;’ Be it therefore further enafted, That it in Smtland, fhall be lawful for Two Juftices of the Peace, and they are hereby required,' upon the Complaint of the Churchwardens and Overfeers if the Poor of any Parifh, that any Perfon born in Scotland or In /r*.	^	Axt

D 4?	land,	of Vagrancy.

5F GEO. III.

A,D.18l&

45

C.12;

17 G. 1. c.5.

Scotch and Irish Vagrants may be removed without being whipped or imprisoned.

Justices to act within their respective Jurisdictions.

Provisions relating to Parishes applied to Townships, &c.

Majority to act.

Powers given to Vestries ■pplwd to Meetings of Townships, Ac.

land, or in either of the Ides of Man, Jerfey and Guemfey, hath be-come chargeable to fuch Parifh, by himfelf or herfelf, or his or her Family , to Caufe fuch Perfon to be brought before them,* and to examine fuch Perfon, and any other Wit nets or Witneffes, on Oath, touching the Place of the Birth or laft legal Settlement of every fuch Perfon, and to inquire whether he or (he, or any of his or her Children, hath or have gained any Settlement in that Part of the United King* dom called England; and if it (hall be found by fuch Juftices, that the Perfon fo brought before them was born in Scotland or Ireland, or m either of the .Ides of Man, Jerfey and Guernfey, and hath not gained any Settlement in England, and that he or (he hath adually become chargeable to the complaining Pari(h, by himfelf or herfelf, or his or her Family, then fuch Juitices (hall and they arft hereby empowered, by a Pafs under their Hands and Seals, in the Form or to the Effed prefcribed by the Ad paffed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, to-amend the Laws relating to Rogues and Vagabonds (mutatii mutandis), to caufe fuch poor Perfon, his Wire, and fuch of his or her Children fo chargeable as (hall not have gained a Settlement in England, to be removed to the Place of his or her Birth or laft legal Settlement, in the manner by the faid Ad dire tied for the Removal of Rogues and Vagabonds to Scotland and Ireland, and the Ides of Man, Jerfey and Guemfey ; and all Conilables and other Officers, and all Matters of Veflels, are hereby required to convey every Perfon fo to be paffed in the manner by the faid Ad direded for the Conveyance of Rogues and Vagabonds.

XXXIV.	And it is hereby further enaded. That it (hall be lawful for any Juilice of the Peace, who (hall adjudge any Perfon born in Scotland or in Ireland, or in any of the Ifles of Man, Jerfey and Guernfey, (and not having gained a Settlement in England,) to be a Rogue and Vagabond, in his Difcretion and according to the Circum-ftances of the Cafe, either to order him to be whipped, or Him or her to be imprifoned in the Houfe of Correction, as by the Laws in being are direded, before he or (he (hall be removed, or to caufe fuch Rogue and Vagabond to be removed without having" been fo whipped or imprifoned.

XXXV.	A^d be it further enaded, That all Powers and Authorities by this Ad given to and vetted in Juttices of the Peace, (hall be exercHed and executed by fuch Juftices within the Limits of their refpedive Commiffions and Jurifdidions, and not elfewhere \ and that all Provifions, Claufes, Authorities and Diredions in this Ad contained, in relation to Parifhes, (hall extend and be conftrtied to extend to all Townfhips, Vills and Places having feparate Overfeers of the Poor, and maintaining their Poor feparately ; and that all Ads and Duties required or authorised by this Ad to be done and executed by Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor, may in every Pari(h be performed, exercifed and executed by the major Part of the Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor thereof; and that in Town(hips, Vills and Places which have no Churchwarden, the fame may be performed, exercifed and executed by the Overfeers of the Poor thereof, or the major Part of them ; and that all the Powers, Provifions and Claufes in this Ad contained, which relate to Veftries, or to the Inhabitants of any Parifli m V$ftry affembled, (hall be conftrued to extend to all Meetings of the Inhabitants of any Town-

(hip,

A,D. 1319.

5^GE0. III.

41

C. 12, 1$.

Hup, Vfll or Place, having feparate Overfeers of the Poor, and maintaining its Poor feparatelv, to be held after due and legal Notice for carrying into Execution tne Laws for the Relief of the Poor, as fully* as ir in every fuch Provifion and Claufe they were feverally and re-fpedively named and repeated.

XXXVI.	Provided, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing in this A ft contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to take away, abridge, alter, prejudice or affe&, further than is hereby exprefsfy enaAed, any of tne Powers, Diredions, Proviiions or Regulations contained in the faid Ad paffed in the Tyvcnty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in or with refped to fuch Parities, Townfhips and Places as have adopted, or as (hall adopt and become fubjed to the Proviiions of that A d ; nor to take away, abridge, alter, prejudice or affed any of the Powers or Proviiions of any fpecial or local Ad or Ads, for the Maintenance, Relief or Regulation of the Poor, in any City, Town, Hundred, Diftrid, Pari(h or Place, fo neverthelefs that in every City, Town, Hundred, Diftrid, Parifh or Place, fuch of the Claufes, Diredions and Powers in this Ad contained, as are not repugnant to, nor incompatible with, the Provifiona of the faid Ad of tne Twenty fecond Year of His* Majefty’s Reign, or of fuch re-fpe&ive fpecial or local Ads, (hall have the like Force ahd Effed, id may be adopted and applied in like manner, as in other Parilhes and Placxs: Provided alfo, that nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to alter, affed or difturb any Seleft Veftry which in any Parilh has been eftablifhed and aded upon by virtue of any ancient Ufage or Cuftom.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded. That this Ad (hall extend only to that Part of the United Kingdom called England•

CAP. XIII.

An A£t to continue Two Ads of the Fifty fixth and Fifty eighth Years of His prefent Majefty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horfes ufed for the Purpofes therein mentioned, to the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one ; and to reduce the Duties chargeable under certain Afls of the Forty eighth and Fifty fecond Years of His prefent Majefty, in refped of certain Horfes, Mares, Geldings and Mules.	[31ft	March	1819*]

4	by	an Ad paffed in the Fifty fixth Year of the

•	W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for reducing

•	the Duties payable on Horfes ufed for the Purpofes therein mentionedfor

•	Tw> Tears, and for repealing the ASs granting Allowances in reJpeS

4 rf Children, certain Duties of Affeffed Taxes were di(continued and

4 Impended, and other Duties fubftituted in lieu thereof, for the

•	Term of Two Years next after the Fifth Day of April One thou-

1	(and eight hundred and (ixteen; and which Rates of fubftituted

•	Duties were continued by another Ad paffed in the Fifty eighth

•	Yew of the Reign of His faid Majefty, intituled An AS to continue

4 until the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen,

•	and amend an Ait of the Fifty Jixth Tear of His prefent Majejly, for

•	reducing the Duties payable on Horfes ufed for the purpofes therein

•	menthnedf and extended to other Cafes therein mentioned, for the

* Term

Proviso for Powers of aa G. 3. c. 83. where the Provisions are adopted;

and for Powers given by Special Acts;

and for Select Vestries, by ancient Custom, &c.

Act to extend to England only.

56 6.3. c. 66.

58 G.3.«. 16.

42-

G,13.

50° GEO. III.

A.D. 181ft

* Term of One Year, from the Fifth Day of ^fpril One thoufend 4 eight hundred and eighteen until the Fifth Day of April One 4 thoufand eight hundred and nineteen: And Whereas it is expedient 4 to continue the feme Rates of Duty in the faid federal Ads men*

4 tioned for a further time Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, m this prefeat Parliament aUembled, and by the Authority'of the fame, That the feveral Duties, and the Regulations and Proviuons for afleffing, charging, railing, levying, colle&ing, applying and accounting for the fame, in the (aid feveral'Ads mentioned, (hall be and the fame are hereby continued. feverally continued from the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen until and upon the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one.

4 II. And Whereas it is expedient that the Duties of Aifefled 4 Taxes now chargeable under certain Ads, puffed in the Forty 4 eighth and Fifty lecond Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty,

4 in refped of Horfes, Mares and Geldings hereinafter defcribed,

4 fhould be reduced as hereinafter is providedBe it therefore enaded. That from and after the faid Fifth Day of April One thou-by fand eight hundred and nineteen, the progreffive Duties chargeable on Horfes, Mares or Geldings, (hall, in the Cafes hereinafter mentioned, be difcontinued; and that from and after the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, there (hall be charged and paid for every Horfe, Mare or Gelding which (hall be wholly ufed by any Butcher or his Servant or Servants in his Trade, the annual Sum of Two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence; provided that where fuch Butcher (hall fo ufe Two Horfes, Mares or Geldings, and no more, there (hall be charged for fuch Second Horfe, Mam at Gelding, the annual Sum of One Pound One Shilling.

III.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred" and nineteen, the Duties .chargeable on Horfes, Mares or Geldings not exceeding the Height of Thirteen Hands, ufed for the Purpofes of riding or drawing Carriages, (hall ceafe and determine; and that from and after the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, there (hall be charged and paid for every Horfe, Mare or Gelding, not exceeding the Height of Thirteen Hands, and ufed for the Purpofes of riding or drawing any Carriage, the annual Sum of Two Pounds Two

> for Shillings : Provided neverthelefs, that nothing in this Ad contained Exemptions- (hall tie away the Exemption or Relief to which any Perfon keeping and ufing any fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding is now by .Law entitled!

IV.	And be it further enaded. That from and after the faid Fifth

Duty on Hones used Butchers reduced.

48 G. 3.0.55. 5* G.3. c.93

Duties On Hones not exceeding Thirteen Hands high.

Day of Abril One thoufand eight hundred aad nineteen, 41 Mares

Hares kept

for Breeding ______ __ __	    ^	_________

«emptiri:and	(hallbe kept for the foie*purpofe of Breeding, (hall whilfk fo

the Seller, &c7	wh°lly exempt from Duty; and that all Perfona (hall and

may fell any Horfes whigh (hall have been bred by them or kept by them as Farming Stock upon Lands in their Occupation, for the Space of Three Months at the leaft, without being liable to be afieffed to the Duties payable by Horfe Dealers; any tning in any Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithftanding.

Doty on Horso V. And be it further enaded. That from and after the faid Fifth kept for Bailiff,. Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, the Duties payable under the (aid feveral Ada, in refped of One Horfe, Mare

AJxiaij.

59° GEO. III.

43

C. IS, 14.

or Gelding, bead Jide kept for and ufnally employed by any Bailiff upon the Concerns of any Farm or Farms with winch he may be in-trutted, ihall ceafe during the Continuance of this Aft; and that New Duty, from and after the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, there (hall be charged for any fuch Horfe, Mare or Geld* ing fb kept and ufed, the annual Sum of Two Pounds Ten Shillings*

VI.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the Fifth Day Duty on Mult* of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, the Duties pay* for carrying able under the faid feveral Afts, in refpeft of Mules kept by every	ft®11

Perfon feeking his or her .Livelihood by the Carriage or Conveyance ^^fmade of Ore, Slate or Stone, or Coal or Culm, to or from the Mine or Pit,

(ball ceafe during the Continuance of this Aft ; and that from and New Duty, after the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, every Perfon keeping any Mule or Mules for the Purpofe of carrying Ore, Slate or Stone, or Coal or Culm, to or from the Mine or Pit,, or for the Purpofe of carrying any Lime, Sea Sand, Sea Weed, or other Manure, (hall be charged for each fuch Mule the annual Sum of Three Shillings ; provided that fuch Ore, Slate or Stone, Coal or Proviso.

Culm, Lime, Sea Sand, Sea Weed, or other Manure, be loaded on the Backs of fuch Mules, and not otherwife.

* VII. And Whereas Petfoes occupying Farms in the Cafes fpe-1 rified in the faid Afts are deprived of the benefit of the reduced 1 Duties if any Horfes, Mares or Geldings (hall be lent or let by 1 them for Hire ;* Be it therefore enafted, That nothing in the faid Ftovfco fbr recited Aft contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend fo as to	of

preclude any Occupier of Land therein defcribed from the benefit of	^

the reduced AfTeffment therein mentioned, by reafon of his, her or Purposes of their lending or letting any Horfe or Horfes, Mare or Mares, Geld- Agriculture, ing or Geldings, in refpeft of which fuch reduced Affeffment (hall be Ac. made, to be employed lolely bond Jide and for no other Purpofe what-foerer except for the Purpofes of Agriculture, or fbr the making or repairing of Roads, or for drawing Coal, Wood, Peat or TurT for Confumption as Fuel in any Private Houfe or Houfes, and not for the Purpofes of Sale*

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That any Tenant On Appeal, coming into the Occupation of his or her Farm at or after Midjummer J6®****®-1"* in any Year, may appeal to Xhe Commiffioners for executing this Aft, after^Mid-and on Proof to their Satisfaction that he or (he (hall not have kept ctliyimAr di*. ar ufed any Horfes, Mares or Geldings, by him or her ufed in the charged from Cukivaiion of the laid Farm, prior to his or her coming into the Moiety of An-Occupation of fuch Farm, (hall be entitled to be releafed and dif- nual Amtss-charged from One Moiety of the Annual Afleffment payable in refpeft ment* of the fend Horfes, Mares or Geldings.

CAP. XIV.

As Aft to continue, until the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty three, an Aft of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for permitting the Exportation of Wool from	Plantations	in	America.

[31ft March 1819.]

' IX/HEREAS an Aft was made in the Forty fixth Year of the 46	3* «•	W*

‘ KV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 to permit,

* mtil the Twenty fifth Day 4>f March One thoufand eight hundred and

4 ninr9

14

A.D. 181 d.

continued.

54 <». 3- c.ioj.

continued.

Nether land Treaty, 4th May, 1818.

Art. x. Slave Trade abolished*

» .

C. 1*, 15,16.	60a GEO. Ill,

1 nine, the Exportation to the United Kingdom of Wool from the Britiflt 4 Plantations in America 5 which faid Aft was continued by an Ad 4 of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty until 4 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and 4 nineteen, and which is near expiring, and fit to be continuedBe it therefore enafted by The King's Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Aft (hall be and the fame is hereby continued from the faid Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen until the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty three.

CAP. XV.

An Aft to continue, until the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, an Aft of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for granting certain Duties on .Merchandise imported into Ireland from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies.

[31ft March 1819.3

1 YTTHEREASan Aft was made in'the Fifty fourth Year of the 4 VV Reign of His prefent Maiefty, intituled An A8 to grant,

4 until the Tenth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen,

4 certain Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported into Ireland 4 from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the 4 United Company of Merchants of England trading to thetLaft Indies m9 4 and to ejlabfyb further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue 4 on Goods fo imported; which faid Aft is near expiring, and fit to be 4 continuedBe it therefore enafted by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Aft (hall be and the fame is hereby continued until the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one.

CAP. XVI.

An Aft to carry into Effeft the Treaty with the Netherlands, relating to the Slave Trade.	[31ft March 1819.]

4 TT 7 HE RE AS a Treaty was made between His Majefty and 4 W His Majefty the Eng of the Netherlands, for preventing 4 their Subjefts from engaging m any Traffic in Slaves, and figoed at 4 the Hague on the Fourth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred 4 and eighteen : And Whereas the Firft Article of the laid Treaty, 4 after reciting that the Laws of the United Engdom of Great Bri-4 tain and Ireland rendering it already highly penal for the Subjefta 4 of His Britannic Majefty to carry on or to be in any way engaged 4 in Trade in Slaves, His Majefty the Eng of the Netherlands, refer-4 ring to the Eighth Article of the Convention entered into with Hia 4 Britannic Majefty, on the Thirteenth of Augufl One thoufand eight 4 hundred and fourteen, engages, in purfuance thereof, and wtmin 4 Eight Months from the Ratification of the faid Treaty, or fooner if

4 poffible.

AJX1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.IC.

4B

*	poffible, to prohibit all his Subjects in the moft effe&ual manner, 4 and especially by penal Laws the moft formal, to take any Part 4 whatever in the Trade of Slaves ; and in the Event of the Meafures ‘ already taken by the Brittfb Government, and to be taken by that 4 of the Netherlands, being found ineffe&ual or insufficient, His Ma-

*	jelly and His Majefty the King of-the Netherlands, mutually engage 1 to adopt fuch further Meafures, whether by legal - Provilion or ‘ otherwife, as may from, time to time appear to be beft calculated 4 in the moft effe&ual manner to prevent all their refpe&ive Subjects 4 from taking any Share whatever in this nefarious Traffic: And

*	Whereas by the Second Article of the Said Treaty, for the more

4 complete Attainment of the Objeft of preventing all Traffic in Slaves 4 on the Part of their refpe&ive Subje&s, His Majefty and His Majefty 4 the King of the Netherlands mutually confent that the Ships of their vjsit^ •

Art. a. Merchant Vessels with

petn Seas.

Royal Navies, which Shall be provided with fpecial Inftru&ions for detained 4 this Purpofe, as thereinafter mentioned, may vifit fueh Merchant ( Veflels of the Two Nations as may be fufpe&ed upon reasonable 4 grounds of having Slaves on board deftined for an illicit Traffic ;

1 and in the Event only of their finding Such Slaves on board, may 4 detain and bring away fuch Veflels, in order that they mav be brought 1 to Trial before the Tribunals eftablifhed for this Purpofe, as therein-4 after fpecified: And Whereas by the Third Article of the faid Art. j.

4 Treaty, for the explaining the Mode of Execution of the preceding Mode end Ex-4 Article, it is agreed ; Firft, That fuch reciprocal Right of Vifit and of 8U<^.

4 Detention fhall not be exercifed within the Mediterranean Sea, or	to	be

4 within the Seas in Europe lying without the Straits of Gibraltar, and	in the

4 which lie to the Northward of the Thirty feventh Parallel of North Mediterranean, 4 Latitude, and alfo within and to the Eaftward of the Meridian of or certain Parts 4 Longitude Twenty Degrees Weft of Greenwich ; Secondly, That ** Euro“

4 the Names of the feveral Veflels furnifhed with fuch Inflru&ions,

4 the Force of'each, and the Names of their feveral Commanders, (hall 4 be from time to time, immediately upon their Iflue, communicated 4 by the Power ifluing the fame to the pther of the faid Powers;

4 Thirdly,# That the Number of Ships of each of the* Royal Navies,

4 authorised to make fuch Vifit as afonefaid, • fhall not exceed the 4 Number of Twelve, belonging to either of them, His faid Majefty 4 or His Majefty the King of the Netherlands, without the fpecial 4 Confent of the other of than being firft had and obtained 5 Fourthly,

4 That if at any time it* fhould be deemed expedient that any Ship of 4 the Royal Navy of either of them, His faid Majefty or His Majefty 4 the King of the Netherlands, authored to make fuch Vifit as afore-1 laid, fhould proceed to vifit any Merchant Ship or Ships under the 4 Flag and proceeding under the Convoy of any Veffel or Veflels of 4 the Royal Navy of the other of them, His faid Majefty or His 4 Majefty the King of the Netherlands, that the Commanding Officer 4 of the Ship duly authorifed and inftru&ed^o make fuch Vifit, fhall 4 proceed to effect the fame in communication with the Commanding 4 Officer of the Convoy, who it is thereby agreed fhall give every 4 Facility to fuch Vifit, and to the eventual Detainer of the Merchant 4 Ship or Ships fo vifited, and in all things affift to the utmoft of his 4 Power in the due Execution of the faid Convention, according to 4 the true Intent and Meaning thereof; Fifthly, it is further mutually 4 agreed. That the Commanders ‘ of the Ships of the Two Royal 4 Navies who fhall be. employed on this Service* fhall adhere ftri&ly

4 to

C.16.

59® GEO. IIL

A.D. 1819.

M

Art* Indemnity for hones by unjust Detention.

Art. 5.

Ships Bothering SUm not to be detained.

Art. 6. Instructions to be annexed to this Treaty.

Art 7. Mixed Courts appointed far Adjudication of detained Vessels.

Art. 8. Punishment of Naval Officers for Misconduct.

4 to the exa& Tenor of the Inftru&kms which they fliall receive for 4 this Purpofe: And Whereas by the Fourth Article of the faid 4 Treaty, His Majefty and His Majefty the King of the Netherlands, 4 engage mutually to make good any Lodes which their refpe&ive 4 Subje&s may incur unjuftly by the arbitrary and illegal Detention 4 of their Veflels, it being understood that this Indemnity {hall invari-4 ably be borne by the Government whofe Cruizer (hall have been 4 guilty of the arbitrary Detention ; and that the Vifit and Detention 4 of Skips fpecified in the faid Article {hall only be effected by thole 4 Britijh or Netherland Veflela which may form Part of the Two 4 Royal Navies, aad by thofe only of fuch Veflels which are pro-4 vided with the fpecial Inftru&ions annexed to the faid Treaty, in 4 purfuance of the Provilions thereof: And Whereas by the Fifth 4 Article of the faid Treaty it is agreed. That no Britijh or Nether• 4 land Cruizer fliall detain any Ship whatever, not having Slaves a&u-4 ally on board ; and in order to render lawful the Detention of any 4 Ship, whether Britijh or Netherlands the Slaves found on board filch 4 Veflel rauft have been brought there for the exprefs Purpofe of the 4 Traffic : And Whereas by the Sixth Article of the faid Treaty it 4 is agreed, That all Ships of the Royal Navies of Two Nations, 4 which fliall hereafter be deftined to prevent the Traffic in Slaves; 4 (hall be furniihed by their refpe&ive Governments with a Copy of 4 the Inftru&ions annexed to the faid Treaty, and which (hall be 4 confidered as an integral Part thereof, with a Provifo neverthelefs 4 in the faid Treaty, that His Majefty and His Majefty the King 4 of the Netherlands, with mutual Confent, may alter tne faid In-4 ftru&ions in Whole or in Part, according to Circumftances: And 4 Whereas, in order to bring to Adjudication, with the leaft Delay 4 and Inconvenience, the Veflels which may be detained for having 4 been engaged in a Traffic of Slaves, according to the Tenor of the 4 Fifth Article of the faid Treaty, it is by the Seventh Article of the 4 faid Treaty agreed, That there (hall be eftabliflied, within the Space 4 of a Year at fartheft from the Exchange of the Ratification of the 4 faid Treaty* Two mixed Courts of Juftice, formed of an pqual Num-4 her of Individuals of the Two Nations, named , for this Purpofe by * their refpe&ive Sovereigns ; that thefe Courts fhall refide, One in a 4 Pofleffion belonging to His Britannic Majefty, the other within the 4 Territories of His Majefty the King of the Netherlands; and that 4 the Two Governments, at the Period of the Exchange of the Rati* 4 ficarion8 of the faid Treaty, (hall declare each for its own Dominions < in what Places the Courts (hall refpe&ively refide, each referring 4 to itfelf the Right of changing at its Pleafure the Place of Refidence 4 of the Court held within its own Dominions: Provided however, 4 That One of the Two Courts (hall always be held upon the Coaft 4 of Africa, and the other in One of the Colonial Pofleflions of ;His 4 Majefty the King ofigjhe Netherlands; and that thefe Courts (hall 4 judge the Caufes fubmitted to them, according to the Terms of the 4 faid Treaty, without Appeal, and according to the Regulations and 4 Inftru&ions annexed to the faid Treaty, of which they (hall be 4 confidered as an integral Part: And Whereas by the Eighth Ar-4 tide of the faid Treaty it is agreed. That in cafe the Cotnmand-4 ing Officer of any of the Ships of the Royal Navies of Great Bri-4 tain and of the Netherlands, commiffioned under the Second Article 4 of the faid Treaty, fhall deviate in any Refpe& from the Difpofi-

4 tionft

A.D.I819.

39° GEO. IIL

C.16.

47

*	dou of the Dud Treaty, and (hall not be enabled to juftify himfelf,

4 either by the Tenor of the faid Treaty, or of the Inftru&ions an-4 nexed to it, the Government which ihall conceive kfdf to be wronged 4 by Inch Conduct, (hall be entitled to demand Reparation; and in ‘ fuch Cafe the Government to which the Captor may belong, binds 1 itfelf to caufe Inquiry to be made into the Subject of the Complaint,

1 and to infli& upon the Captor, if he be found to have deferred it, a

*	Punifhxneut proportioned to the Tranfgreffion which may have been

*	committed : And Whereas by the Ninth Article of the faid Treaty Art 9.

4 it is declared. That certain A&s or Inftruments annexed to the faid Injection*

4 Treaty ihall form an integral Part thereof, and which are as follows,

4 that is fay ; Inftru&ions for the Ships of the Royal Navies of both p^t of tlw 4 Nations, deftiaed to prevent the Traffic in Slaves, and Regulations Treaty.

4 for the mixed Courts of Jultice which are to hold their Sittings on 1 the Coaft of Africa,, and in One of the Colonial Pofleffions of His 4 Majefty the Eong of the Netherlands: And Whereas by the Firft InswoctioM.

*	Article of the laid Inftru&ions before referred to, and'made an ModerfVWt. 4 integral Part of the faid Treaty, it is provided. That every Ship Detention, Ac.

*	of the Royal Britijb or Netberland NavyK which, furniihed with the of arijN.

*	laid Inftru&ions, (hall, in conformity with the Second Article of the

*	laid Treaty, have a Right to viiit the Merchant Ships of either of 4 the Two Powers a&uafiy engaged, or fufpe&ed to be engaged, in

*	the Slave Trade, may (except in the Seas exempted by the Third 4 Article of the laid Treaty) proceed to fuch Vi fit, and fhould any

* * Slaves be found on board for the exprefs Purport* of being made a 4 Traffic of, the Commander of the (aid Ship dfthe Royal Navy may 4 detain them, and having detained them, be is to bring them as foon

*	as jpoffible for Judgment before that of the Two mixed Courts of 4 Janice, appointed by the Seventh Article of the faid Treaty, which ‘ ihall be the neareft, or which the Commander of the capturing Ship

*	(hall, upon his own Refpoofibility, think he can (ooneft reach from 1 the Spot where the Ship (hall have been detained $ and that Ships 4 on board of which no Slaves (hall be found intended for Purposes 4 of Traffic, (hall not be detained On any Account or Pretence what-

*	ever; and that Negro Servants or Sailors that may be found on,

*	hoard the faid VefTds, cannot in any Cafe be deemed a fufficient

4 Caufe for Detention : And Whereas by the Second Article of the Art 2.

4 dud In&ro&ions it isjprovided, That whenever a Ship of the Royal SearA mads In 4 Navy fo comaaifitoned (hall meet a Merchantman liable to be a 4 fearched, it (hall be done in the mildeft Manner, and with every manner‘

4 Attention which* is due between allied and friendly Nations; and 4 m no cafe (ball the Search be made ■ by an Officer adding a Rank 4 inferior to that of Lieutenant in the Navies of Great Britain and of 4 the Netherlands : And Whereas by the Third Article of the faid Ait 3.

4 Inftru&ions it is provided. That the Ships of the Royal Navies of Cargo, Ac.

4 comnuffioned which may detain any Merchant Ship, in purfuance J*™**°J 4 of the Tenor of the faid Inftru&ions, (hall leave on board all the 1 Cargo, us well as the Mafter, and a Part at lead of the Crew of , 4 the lad Ship; and that the Captor (hall draw up ia Writing an 4 authentic Declaration, which (hall exhibit the State in which he 4 bund the detained Ship, and the Changes which may have taken 4 place in it $ and that hie (hall deliver to the Mafter of the detained 4 Ship, a figned Certificate of the Papers feized on board the faid 4 Vend, as wdl as the Number of Slaves found on board at the

1 Moment

48

C. 16.

£9® GEO. III.

A.D. laid.

Regulations.

Art. i. Mode of proceeding before the mixed Courts.

Art. 2. How such mixed Courts «feaU be composed.

Moment of Detention; and that the Negroes (hall not be difan-barked till after the Veflels which contain them (hall be arrived at the Place where the Legality of the Capture is to be tried, by One of the Two mixed Courts, in order that in the Event of their not being adjudged legal Prize, the Lofs of the Proprietors may be more eanly repaired ; but that if urgent Motives, deduced from the Length of the Voyage, the State of Health of the Negroes, or other Caufes, require that they fhould’ be lo difembarked, entirely or in part, before the VefTel can arrive at the Place of Refidence of One of the faid Courts, the Commander of the capturing Ship may take on himfelf the Refponfibility of fuch Difembarkation, provided that the Necefiity be dated in a Certificate in proper Form: And Whereas by the Firft Article of the Regulations for .the mixed Courts of Juftice, which are to refide on the Coaft of Africa*, and in a Colonial Poffeflion of His Majefty the King of the Netherlands, and which are annexed to the faid Treaty as Part thereof; it is provided, That the faid mixed Courts of Juftice fo to be eftablifhed by the faid Treaty, (hall decide-upon the Legality of the Detention of fuch Veflels as the Cruizers of both Nations (hall detain in pur-fuance of the faid Treaty, and that the faid Courts (hall judge definitively and without Appeal, according to the faid Treaty, and that the Proceeding (hall take place as fummarily as poffible; and the faid Courts (hall decide (as far as they (hall find it pra&icable) within the Space of Twenty Days, to be dated from that on which every detained VefTel (hall have been brought into the Port where they (hall refide; firft, upon the Legality of the Capture ; fecondly, in the Cafes in which the captured veflel (hall have been liberated, as to the Indemnification which the faid Veflel is to receive; and it is by the faid Article of the faid Regulations provided, that in all Cafes the final Sentence (hall not be delayed on account of the Abfence of Witneffes, or for want of other Proofs, beyond the Period of Two Months, except upon the Application of any of the Parties interefted, when, upon tneir giving fatisfa&ory Security to charge themfelves with the Expence and Rifle of the Delay, the Courts may at their Difcretion grant an additional Delay, not exceeding Four Months : And by the Second Article of the faid Regulations it is provided, That each of the above mentioned mixed Courts, which are to refide on the Coaft of Africa, and in a colonial Pofleflion of His Majefty the King of the Netherlands, (hall be com-pofed in the following manner, that is to fay, that His Majefty, and His Majefty the King of the Netherlanasy (hall each of them name a Judge and an Arbitrator, who (hall be authorifed to hear and to decide without Appeal all Cafes of Capture of Veflels, which in purfuance of the Stipulations of the laid Treaty (hall be brought before them; and that all the eflential Parts of the Proceedings carried on before thefo mixed Courts, (hall be written down in the legal Language of the Country in which the Court may refide; and that the Judges and the Arbitrators (hall make Oath before the principal Magiftrate of the Place in which the Courts may refide, to judge fairly and faithfully, to have no Preference either for the Claimants or Captors, and to a€t in all their Deciflons in purfuance of the Stipulations of the faid Treaty; and that there (hall be attached to each Court a Secretary or Regiftrar, appointed by the Sovereign of the Country in which the

4 Court

A.D.18I&.

59° GEO. III.

C. 16.

49

Court may refide, who (hall regifter all its Ads, and who, previous to his taking Charge of his Pod, (hall make Oath before the Court, to condud himfelf with Refped for their Authority, and to ad with Fidelity in all the Affairs which may belong to his Charge : And by tne Third Article of the faid Regulations Art. 3. it is provided. That the Form of the Procefs (hall be as follows, Finn of the (that is to fay,) the Judges of the Two Nations (hall in the fird Fiocess.

Place proceed to the Examination of the Papers of the VefTels, and to receive the Depofitions of the Captain, and of Two or Three at lead of the principal Individuals on board of the detained VefTel, as well as the Declaration on Oath of the Captor, (hould it appear neceffary in order to be able to judge and to pronounce, whether the faid VefTel has been judly detained or not, according to the Stipulations of the faid Treaty, and in order that, according to fuch Judgment, it may be condemned or liberated ; and in the Event of the Two Judges not ‘agreeing in the Sentence they ought to pronounce, either as to the Legality of the Detention, or the Indemnification to be allowed, or any other Quedion which might refult from the Stipulations of the faid Treaty, they (hall draw by Lot the Name of One of the Two Arbitrators, who, after having confidered the Documents of the Procefs, (hall confult with the Taid Judges on the Cafe in Quedion, and the final Sentence (hall ye pronounced conformably to the Opinion of the Majority of the Taid Judges and of the faid Arbitrator: And by the Fourth . An*4. Article of the faid Regulations it is provided, That in the Declaration of authenticated Declaration which the Captor (hall make before Captor, the Court, as well as in the Certificate of the Papers feized, which (hall be delivered to the Captain of the captured VefTel at the time of the Detention, the Captor (hall be bound to declare his Name, and the Name of his VefTel, as well as the Latitude and Longitude of the Place where the Detention (hall lave taken place, and the Number of Slaves found on board of the Ship at the time of the Detention: And by the Fifth Art j. Article of the faid Regulations it is . provided, That as foon as Indemnity on Sentence (hall have been pronounced, the detained VefTel, if Liberation of iberated, and the Cargo, in the State in, which it (hall then be Vesie‘s, hand, (hall be reftored to the Mailer or the Perfon who represents him, who may, before the fame Court, claim a Valuation of the Damages which he may have a Right to demand ; and the Raptor himfelf, and in his Default his Government, (hall remain refponfible for the above mentioned Damages; and the faid governments refpe&ively bind themfelves’to pay, within the Term of a Year from the Date of the Sentence, the Cods and Damages which may be granted by the above named Court, it being under-lood that thefe Cods and Damages (hall be at the Expence of the Power of which the Captor (hall be a Subject: And by the Sixth Art. 6. Article of the faid Regulations it is provided, That in cafe of Proceedings on the Condemnation of a Veffel (he (hall be declared lawful Prize, as Condemnation, well as her Cargo, of whatever Defcription it may be, with the Exception of the Slaves who- may be on board as Objefts of Commerce ; and the faid Veffel, as well as her Cargo, (hall be fold by public Sale for the Profit of the Two Governments ; and as to the Slaves, they fhall receive from the mixed Court a Certificate of Em	id	(hall be delivered over to the Government on

E

‘ whole

£0

C.16.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819

Art. 7. Compensation for Demotion of Vessels not condemned.

On Total Low.

Partial Ion.

Misconduct of Captain of detained Ship.

Scale of Demurrage.

whofe Territory the Court which (hall hare fo judged them (hall be eftabliftied, to be employed as Servants or free Labourers 5 and each of the Two Governments binds itfelf to guarantee the Liberty of fuch Portion of thefe Individuals as (hall be refpe&ively configned to it: And by the Seventh Article of the faid Regulations it is provided. That the faid mixed Courts (hall alfo take Cognifance and decide, according to the Third Article of the faia Regulations, on all Claims for Compenfation on account of LofTe8 occafioned to Veffels detained under Sufpicion of having been engaged in the Slave Trade, but which (hall not have been condemned as legal Prize by the faid Courts ; * and in all Cafes wherein Reflitution (hall be decreed, the Court (hall award to the Claimant or Claimants, or his or their lawful Attorney or Attornies, for his or their Ufe, a juft and complete Indemnification for all Cofts of Suit* and for all Loifes and Damages which the Claimant or Claimants may have a&ually fuftained by fuch Capture and Detention; that is to fay, firft, in cafe of total Lofs, the Claimant or Claimants (hall be indemnified, (A) for the Ship, her Tackle, Apparel and Stores; (B) for all Freights due and payable ; (C) for the Value of the Cargo of Merchandife, if any, deducing for all Charges and Expences payable upon the Sale of fuch Cargoes, including Commiffion of Sale ; (D) for all other regular Charges in fuch Cafes of total Lofs; and, fecondly, in all other Cafes, not of total Lofs, the Claimant or Claimants (hall be indemnified, (A) for all Special Damages and Expences occafioned to the Ship by the Detention, and forth* Lofs of Freight when due or payable; (B) a Demurrage, when due, according to the Schedule annexed to the faid Article; (C) for any Deterioration of Cargo; (D) an Allowance of Five per Centum on the Amount of the Capital employed in the Purchafe of Cargo, for the Period pf the Delay occafioned by the Detention ; and (E) for all Premium of Infurance on additional Rifks; and the Claimant or Claimants (hall in all Cafes be entitled to Intereft at the Rate of Five per Centum per Annum on the Sum awarded, until paid by the Government to which the capturing Ship belongs ; the whole Amount of fuch Indemnifications being calculated in the Money of the Country to which the captured Ship belongs, and to be liquidated at the Exchange Current at the time of the Award ; and to avoid, as much as pofiible, eteiy Species of Fraud in the Execution of the faid Treaty, it is alfo by the faid Seventh Article of the faid Regulations agreed, That * it it (hould be proved* in a manner evident to the Conviction of the Judges of the Two Nations, and without having recourfe to the Decifion of an Arbitrator, that the Captor has been led into Error by a voluntary tind reprehenfible Fault on the Part of the Captain of the detained Ship, in that Cafe only, the detained Ship (hall not have the Right of receiving, during the Days of her Detention, the Demurrage ftipulated by the faid Seventh Article; and to the faid Seventh Article, a Schedule of Demurrage or daily Allowance is annexed, as follows; that is to fay ; for a Veffel of

* 100 Tons to iao inclufive	-	-	£5 per Diem*

*	121 Tons to 150 inclufive	6	per Diem,

* 151 Tbns to 170 inclufive	-	^	S per Diem,

« 171 Tout

A.V.1819.

59° GEO. IIL

C.I61

il

4 171 Tons to 200 inclufive 4 301 Tons to 220 inclufive * 221 Tons to 250 inclufive

10	per Diem,

11	per Diem,

12	per Diem,

4 251 Tons to 270 inclufive	-	-	14 per Diem,

4 271 Tons to 300 inclufive	-	-	15 per Diem,

*	And fo on in proportion; And it is by the Eighth Article of Art 8,

4 the faid Regulations provided, that neither the Judges, nor the Judges, &c.

•	Arbitrators, nor the Secretary of the mixed Court, (hall be per- ^^^elTe 4 raitted to demand or receive from any of the Parties concerned in

4 the Sentences which they fhall pronounce, any Emolument under 4 any Pretext whatsoever, for the Performance of the Duties which 4 are impofed upon them by the faid Regulations : And laftly, it is Art. 9.

4 by the Ninth Article of tne faid Regulations agreed, That in the Supplying 4 Event of the Death or legal Impediment of One or more of VajmiicJesof 4 the Judges or Arbitrators compofing the above mentioned mixed ***

4 Courts, their Pods fhall be fupplied ad interim in the following 4 manner ; that is to fay, on the Part of the Britijb Government the 4 Vacancies fhall be fitted fucceffively in the Court which (hall fit 4 within the Poffeflion of His Britannic Majedy, by the Governor 4 or Lieutenant Governor refident in that Colony, by the principal 4 Magiftrate of the fame, and by the Secretary ; and in that which 4 (half fit within the Poflefiions of His Majedy the King of the 4 Netherlands, it is agreed, that in cafe of the Death of the Britijb 4 Judge or Arbitrator there, the furviving Individuals of the faid 4 Court fhall proceed equally to the Judgment of fuch Ships as 4 may be brought before them, and to the Execution of their Sen-4 tenee; and that on the Part of the Netherlands, the Vacancies 4 fhall be fupplied in the Poflefiions of His Majedy the King of the 4 Netherlands, fucceffively by the Governor or Lieutenant Governor,

4 the principal Magidrate and Secretary of Government; and upon 4 the Coaft of Africa, in cafe of the Death of any Netherland Judge 4 or Arbitrator, the furviving Members of the Court fhall proceed 4 to Judgment in the fame manner as above fpecified for the Court 4 refident in the Poffeflion of His Majedy the King of the Nether•

4 lands, in the Event of the Death of the Britijb Judge or Arbi-4 trator: And it is by the faid Article further agreed. That the	^

4 Governor or Lieutenant Governor of any Settlement of either 4 Power, where neither of the faid mixed Courts fhall fit, in the 4 Event of a Vacancy arifing, either of the Judge or Arbitrator of 4 the other Power, fhall forthwith give Notice of the fame to the 4 Governor or Lieutenant Governor of^he neared Settlement of 4 fuch Power, in order that the Lofs may be fupplied at the 4 earlied poffible Period ; and that the Vacancies which may arife in 4 the above mentioned Courts, from Death or any other Caufe 4 whatever, (hall be fupplied definitely as foon as poflible : And 4 Whereas it is expedient-and necefTary that effe&ual Provifion fhould 4 be made for carrying into Execution the Provifions of the faid 4 Treaty Be it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament gflem-Med, and by die Authority of the fame, That it fhall be lawful for Ships of War, aay Officers commanding any Ship of War of His Majelly, duly duly autho-anthorifed in that behalf, and provided with Inftru&ions according

--—--———	—	■■■	■	—--   7	WVUVHV	•n.vv.vog

to the Provifions of the faid Treaty, to vifit and detain in any Seas

E 2

(except acting contrary

5£

to the said Treaty, except In certain Sqm.

British Vessel* trading in Stares* or acting contrary to the Treaty, sub* ject to Visitand Detention by British or Ne-therland Vessels, and to Condemnation by the Judges appointed according to such Treaty.

Such Visit and Detention not to take place in the Mediterranean, &£.

British Ships of War risiting Merchant Ships under Nether-land Conroy, to act in concert with Commander of Conroy.

C. 16.	59°	GEO.	III.	A.D. 1819.

(except in the Seas excepted in the Third Article of the faid Treaty ) all Ships and Veffels belonging wholly or in part to Subjeds of His Majefty the King of the Netherlands, which (hall be fufpe&ed upon reafonable grounds of having Slaves on board for the Purpofe of Traffic, contrary to the Articles of the faid Treaty, and to detain and bring to Adjudication all Ships, VefTels and Cargoes, by the faid Treaty made fubied to Detention and Condemnation, according to the Provifion8 of the faid Treaty, and the Inftrudions and Regulations aforefaid.

II.	And be it further enaded, That aH Ships and Veffels, belonging wholly or in part to His Majefty’s Subjeds, which (hall be fuTpeded upon reasonable grounds Qf having Slaves on board for the purpofe of illicit Traffic, (hall be and are hereby declared and made, according to the faid Treaty, Inftrudions and Regulations aforefaid, fubjed to the Vifitations of Britljh or Netherland Veffels of War, duly authorifed for that Purpofe according to the Proviffons before recited; and that all Ships and Veffels belonging wholly or in part to His Majefty’s Subjeds,. which (hall be found having Slaves on board for the purpofe of illicit Traffic, contrary to the Treaty, Inftrudions and Regulations fo recited as aforefaid, and all Boats, Apparel, Furniture and Stores belonging to fucli Ships or Veffels, and all Slaves and Cargoes therein, (hall be and are hereby declared to be and made fubjed to the Vifit and -Detention of Britijh ©r Netherland Veffels or War duly authorifed for that Purpofe, according to the Stipulations of the faid Treaty, and to Forfeiture according to the Provifions of the faid Treaty, •and the Inftrudions and Regulations thereunto annexed, and for that Punpofe (hall be and are hereby made fubjed to the Adjudication of, and to Condemnation or other Judgment by the Judges and Arbitrators to be appointed according to the Proviffons of the faid Treaty, and to the Inftrudions and Regulations 'annexed thereto, recited as aforefaid.

III.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That fuch Right of Vifit and Detention fhall not be excrcifed within the Mediterranean Sea, ■nor within the Seas in Europe lying without the Straits of Gibraltar, and which lie to the Northward of the Thirty feventh Parallel of North Latitude, and alfo within and to the Eaftward of the Meridian of Longitude Twenty Degrees Weft of Greenwich; and that Ship's on board which no Slaves (hall be found intended for the purpofe of Traffic, (hall not be detained under the Authority of this Ad, on any Account or Pretence, whatever; and that Negro Servants or Sailors who may be found on board any Veffels, (hall not in any cafe be deemed a fumcient Caufe for Detention.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That if at any time it (hall be deemed expedient that any Ship of His Majefty’s Navy, authorifed to make fuch Vifft as aforefaid, (hould proceed to viftt any Merchant Ship or Ships under the Flag and proceeding under the Convoy of any Veffel or Veffels of the Royal Navy of His Majefty the Ring of the Netherlands, the Commanding Officer of His Britannic Majefty’s Ship, duly authorifed and initruded to make fuch Vifft, (hall in all Cafes proceed to effed the fame in communication with the Commanding Officer of fuch Convoy ; and in cafe at any time it (hall be deemed expedient that any Ship of the Royal Navy of His Majefty the King of the Netherlands, authorifed to make fuch Vifit

as

A.D. 1319.

59° GEO. IIL

C. 161



as aforefaid, fhould proceed to vifit any Merchant Ship or Ships

under the Flag and proceeding under the Convoy of any Veffel or

Veffels of His Britannic Majefty’s Navy, the Commanding Officer of

fuch Convoy (in communication with whom the Commanding Officer

of the Ship of His Majefty the King of the Netherlands, dtilv

authorised and inftru&ed to make fuch Vifit, (hall proceed to effelx

the fame) (hall give every Facility to fuch Vifit, and to the eventual Facilities to be

Detention, according to the faid Treaty, of the Merchant Ship or given to Visits^

Ships fo vifited, and (hall in all things affift to the utmoft of his Power ®c-

in the due Execution of the faid Treaty, according to the true Intent

and Meaning thereof.

V.	And be it further cnadted, That it (hall be lawful for His The King of Majefty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, counter- Great Britain figned by One of His Majefty1 s Principal Secretaries of State, to B^^Judees appoint fuch Judges and Arbitrators as are in and by the faid Treaty ^

and the Regulations thereto annexed, mentioned to be appointed by	to

His Majefty, and from time to time to fupply any Vacancies whkn tha Treaty, may arife in fuch Offices, by appointing other Perfons thereto ; and to grant Salaries to fuch Judges and Arbitrators as aforefaid, not sui««w exceeding fuch annual Sums as the Commiffioners of His Majefty’*

Treafury of the -United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland {hall from time to time direlt; and fuch Judges and Arbitrators are hereby Powers, authorifed and empowered to examine and decide all fuch Cafes of Detention, Captures and Seizures of Veflels and their Cargoes as aforefaid, detained, feized, taken or captured under the faid Treaty,

Inftru&ions and Regulations, as are by the faid Treaty, Inftru&ions and Regulations, ana by this Alt, madfe fubjeH to their Jurifdiltion ; and to proceed therein, and give fuch Judgments, and make fuch Orders therein, and to do all other Alts, Matters and Things appertaining thereto, agreeable to the Provifions of the faid Treaty, and the Inftru&ions and Regulations annexed thereto, and'reGited as aforefaid, as fully and effeltually to all Intents and Purpofes as-if fpecial Powers and Authorities for that Purpofe were fpecifically and particularly inferted and given in relation thereto in this Alt.

VI. And be it further enalted, That it fhall be lawful for His And may *p-Majefty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, counter- point Secretary figned by One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State for

the time being, to nominate and appoint a Secretary or Regiftrar to the Court which fhall be eftablifhea in His Maiefty’s Dominions, and from time to time to fupply, by other Appointments, any Vacancy which may thereafter occur in fuch Office, and. to grant a Salary to fuch Secretary or Regiftrar, not exceeding fuch annual Salary.

Sum as the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury fhall from time to time direlt; and fuch Secretary or Regiftrar is hereby refpe&rvely authorifed and empowered to do, perform and execute all the Duties of fuch Office, as fet forth and described in the faid Duty.

Treaty, Inftru&ions and Regulations refpe&ively hereinbefore recited a aforefaid, and to do, perform and execute all fuch Alls, Matters and Things aa may be neceffary for the due Difcharge of the Duties of his Omce, according to the Provifions of the faid Treaty and Iaftni&ions and Regulations as aforefaid*

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall#be lawful for the Power to

Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or principal Magiftrate of the Governors of Colony or Settlement in which fuch Court fhall fit, within the Pof-	®c’

E 3	'	feffion	p

Vacancies ad interim.

and

Arbitrators to be sworn.

Oath.

Secretary to be sworn.

Oath.

Oaths may be administered to Parties, Ac. by the Court, Ac.

Judge, he. may summon Persons and call for topers.

C. 16.	59°	GEO,	III.	A.D,	1819.

feifion of His Britannic Majefty, to fill up every Vacancy which (hall arife in fuch Court, either of Judge, Arbitrator, or any Officer thereof appointed by His Majefty as aforefaid, according to the Provifions contained in the before recited Regulations, annexed to the faid Treaty as aforefaid, ad interim, until fuch Vacancy or Vacancies {hall be thereafter filled by fome Perfon or Perfons appointed by His Majefty for that Puipofe.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That every Judge and Arbitrator appointed by His Majefty, or ad interim as aforefaid, {hall, before he (hall enter upon the Execution of any of the Duties of fuch his Office, take an Oath, in the Prefence of the' principal Magiftrate then refiding and acting in the Colony, Settlement or Place in which the Court (hall be appointed to refide ; which Oath every fuch Magiftrate in any Colony, Settlement or Place belonging to His Majefty, in which fuch Court fhall be appointed, is hereby authorifed to adminifter in the Form following ; (that is to fay,)

*	T A. B* do folemnly fweir, That I will, according to the bell

*	of my' Skill and Knowledge, aft in theExecution of my Office

4 as	faithfully, impartially, fairly, and

4 without Preference or Favour, either for Claimants or Captors, or 4 any other Perfons; and that I will, to the beft of my Judgment

*	and Power, aft in purfuance of and according to the Stipulations,

4 Regulations and Inftruftions contained in the Treaty between His

*	Majefty and His Majefty the King of the Netherlands, figned at

4 the Hague, on the Fourth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred 4 and eighteen.	So	help	me GOD.*

And every Secretary or Regiftrar appointed by Hib Majefty, or ad interim as aforefaid, under the Provifions of the faid Treaty, Inftruftions and Regulations, and of this Aft, fhall, before be enters on the Duties of his faid Office, take an Oath before the Briti/b Judge as aforefaid, who is hereby empowered to adminifter the fame, in the Form following ; (that is to fay,)

4 J A,B. do folemnly fwestr, That I will, according to the befit 4 of my Skill and Knowledge, aft in the Execution of my Office} 4 and that I will conduft myielf with due Refpeft to the Authority 4 of the Judges and Arbitrators of the Commiffion to which I am 4 attached, and will aft with Fidelity in all the Affairs which may 4 belong to my Charge, and without Preference or Favour, either for 4 Claimants or Captors, or any other Perfons. So help me GOD/

IX.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the faid Judges or either of them, or for any fuch Secretary or Regiftrar, and they are hereby refpeftively empowered, to adminifter Oaths to and take the Depositions of all Parties, Witneffes and other Perfons who may come or be brought before them to be examined, or for the purpofe of depofmg in the Courfe of any Proceeding before the faid Judges, or before the faid judges and Arbitrator, in the Ca fe in which fuch Arbitrator (hall aft with the faid Judges under the faid Treaty, Inftruftions and Regulations, or this Aft$ and it fhall alfo be lawful for the faid Judges, or for the faid Judges and Arbitrator, in the Cafes aforefaid, to iiimmon before them all Perfons whom they jnay deem it necefllry or proper to examine in relation to any Suit, Proceeding, or Matter or Thing under their Cognifance, and to fend

for

59* GEO, III

C.16.

5*

for and iffne Precept* for the producing of *11 fuch Papers as may relate to the Matters in queftion before them, and to enforce all fuch Sumxnonfes, Orders and Precepts, by fuch and the like Means,

Powers and Authorities as any Court of Vice Admiralty may do,

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon who (hall wilfully and corruptly give falfe Evidence in any Examination, or Demolition or Affidavit had or taken upon or in any Proceeding before the faid Judges, or Judges and Arbitrator, under the faid Treaty, Inftru&ions and Regulations, or this Adi, (hall be deemed guilty of Peijury, and being thereof convi&ed, (hall be fubjedt and Pojury liable to all the Punifhments, Pains and Penalties to which Perfons coavi&ed of wilful and corrupt Perjury are liable; and every fuch Perfon may be tried for any fuch Perjury, either in the Place where

the Offence was committed, or in any Colony or Settlement of Hi9 Where tried. Majefty near thereto in which there is a Court of competent Jurif-di&ion to try any fuch Offence, or in. His Majelty’s Court of King’s Bench in England; and that in cafe of any Profecution for fuch Offence m His Majefty’s (aid Court of King’s Bench, the Venue may Venue, be laid in the County of MiddUfcx.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the palling of No Claims or

this Adi, it (hall not be lawful for any Perfon to commence, pro- Suits for Ships fecute or proceed in any Claim, Adhon or Suit whatever, in the captured, Ac. High Court of Admiralty, or in any other Court, or before any	Courw

Judges or Perfons whomfoever, other than the feveral mixed Courts appointed by of Juftice appointed under and by virtue of the faid Treaty and the Treaty, this Adi, for the Condemnation or Reftitution of any Ship, or

Cargo, or Slaves, or for any Compenfation or Indemnification for any Lofs or Damage, or for any Injury fuftained by fuch Ship,

Cargo or Slaves, or by any Perfons on board any fuch Ship, in confluence of any Capture, Seizure or Detention, under the Authority or in purfuance of the Provifions of the faid Treaty, or of the Inftrudlions and Regulations thereto annexed, f of this Adi; and f gfe, that the Pendency of any Claim, Suit or Proceeding inftituted or gutafcefoi* which may be inftituted before any of the faid mixed Courts fo to 8UCh Courts, be appointed under the Authority of the faid Treaty and this Adt, or Judgments for the Condemnation or Reftitution of any Ship, or Cargo, or Slaves, thereupon, taken, feized or detained by virtue of the faid Treaty, or nf the ^RooeedSa Inftru&ions and Regulations thereto annexed ; or for any Compen- *n fkrion or Indemnification for any Lofs or Damage in confequence of raity| &Q, the taking, feizing or detaining any fuch Ship ; or the final Adjudication, Condemnation, Judgment or Determination of any fuch mixed Court, as the Cafe (hah require, may be pleaded in Bar or given in Evidence under the General Iffue ; or in cafe no fuch Claim,

Suit or Proceeding (hall have been inftituted before any fuch mixed Conrt, then the faid Treaty, Inftru&ions and Regulations, and this A&, may in like manner be pleaded in Bar or given in Evidence under the General Iffue ; and every fuch Plea in Bar, or Evidence io .given under the General Iffue, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be a good and complete Bar to any fuch Claim, A&ion, Suit or’*

Proceeding in the faid High Court of Admiralty, or in any Count or Place other than fuch mixed Courts; any thing in any A&. or A&s of Parliament, or Law or Laws to the contrary in anywffe notwithstanding.

XII. And

Proviso for Penalties in any Act for Suppression of Slave Trade.

In Actions for executing Act, Ac. General Issue may be pleaded.

Treble Costs*

58 G.3. c.85.

§ io, iz. repealed.

C. 16, 17.	59*	GEO. IIL	A.D.	1819*

XII.	And be it furtherjenaded, That nothing in this Ad contained fhall extend or be deemed or conftrued in any wife to alter, fufpend, affed, relax or repeal any of the CLaufes, Penalties, Forfeitures or Punifhments contained and enaded in any Ad or Ads of Parliament made for the Suppreffion or Prevention of the Slave Trade ; but that all fuch Ads of Parliament, and all Claufes, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures and Punifhments therein refpec-tively contained, (hall remain in full Force and Virtue* any thing in this Ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Adion or Suit (hall be commenced, either in Great Britain or elfewhere, againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in purfuance of the faid Treaty, or the Inftru&ions or Regulations thereto annexed, or of this Ad, the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion or Suit may plead the General IiTue, and give this Ad and the fpecial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame wa6 done in purfuance and by the Authority of the faid Treaty, Inftrudions or Regulations, or of this Ad; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; and if the Plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or discontinue his Adion after the Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared, or if Judgment (hall be given upon any Verdid ot Demurrer againfl the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants (hall recover Treble Coffs, and have the like Remedy for the fame as Defendants have in other Cafes by. Law.

CAP. XVtt.

An Ad to amend an Ad of laft Seffion of Parliament, for carrying into execution a Convention made between His Majefty and the King of Portugal, for the preventing the Traffic in Slaves.	[31ft	March	1819.]

WHEREAS an Ad was made in the laft Seffion of Parliament, intituled An AS to carry into execution a Convention | made between His Majcjly and the King of Portugal, for the prevent-t Mg Traffic in Slaves: And Whereas it is expedient that further c Provifion fhould be made for carrying the faid Convention into * execution, and that for that Purpofe certain Provifions in the faid € recited Ad fhould be repealed, and certain other Provifions enaded * in lieu thereof Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Ad, fo much and fuch Parts of the faid recited Ad as relate to Proceedings of the Lords Commiffioners of Appeal in Prize Caufes, or of the High Court of Admiralty, in Cafes and Queftions arifing out of Captures in the faid Ad mentioned that may be depending before them, and to their hearing ^nd determining any Claim of Right or Intereft therein to which His Majefty or the Captors or Seizors of Ships, Veffels or Cargoes may be entitled by reafon of the Capture or Seizure thereof, and the Laws relating thereto, and alfo fo much and fuch Part of the faid recited Ad as relate to the Power of the faid Courts in Cafes therein

described.

59° GEO. III.

C.17.

sr

defcribed, to order and adjudge Ships, Veflels or Cargoes, or the Proceeds thereof, to be delivered or paid for the Ufe of His Majefty,

/hall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

* II. And Whereas by the Ninth Article of the Convention of the Convention.

*	Twenty eighth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and Art ?•.

*	feventeen, between His Majefty and His Moft Faithful Majefty the

*	King of Portugal, in the faid recited A& of the Fifty eighth Year ^ London, to

*	aforefaid, mentioned and recited, His Britannic Majefty engaged determine on 4 to grant, in the manner thereinafter explained, fufficient Indemnifi- oertain Cap-

*	cation to all the Proprietors of certain Portuguefe Veffels and Cargoes tare* p0^tu'* 4 captured by Britijb Cruizers, between the Firft Day of June One *uei8 VeMe,fc

( thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and the Period at which the*

4 Two Commiffions pointed out in the Eighth Article of the faid 4 Convention ftiould affemble at their refpe&ive Ports on the Coaft of 4 Africa and in the Braxils; and His Majefty and His Moft Faithful 4 Majefty did agree, that all Claims of the Nature before mentioned 4 fhould be received and liquidated by a mixed Commiilion, to be held 4 at London, and which fhould con ft ft of an equal Number of the 4 Individuals of the Two Nations, named by their refpe&ive Sove-4 feigns, and upon the fame Principles ftipulated by the Eighth 4 Article of the faid Convention, and by the feveral Inftruments which 4 form an integral Part of the faid Convention : And Whereas by the Regulations.

4 Tenth Artide of the Regulations annexed to and made Part of the Art m.

*	faid Convention, it was provided, that the faid mixed Commiilion

4 eftablifhed in London by the faid Ninth Article of the faid Convention otTsuch^Com*

*	therein and hereinbefore ‘recited, ftiould hear and determine all mi—w 4 Claims for Portuguefe Ships and Cargoes, captured by Britijb

4 Cruizers on account of the unlawful Trading m Slaves iince the 4 Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, until 4 the Period when the Convention fhould be in complete execution,

4 awarding to them, conformably to the Ninth Article of the faid 4 Convention, a juft and complete Compenfation upon the Bafts laid 4 down in a preceding Article of the faid Regulations, either for 4 total Lofts or for Loffes and Damages fuftained by the Owners and 4 Proprietors of the faid Ships and Cargoes ; and it was alfo provided,

4 that the faid Commiilion eftablifhed in London fhould be compofed 4 and proceed exa&ly upon the fame Bafts determined in the Articles 4 One, Two and Three, of the faid Regulations for the Commifiions 4 eftablifhed on the Coaft of Africa and in the Br axils f Be it ena&ed.

That it (hall be lawful for FUs Majefty, by any Warrant under His His Majesty

Royal Sign Manual, counterfigned by One of His Majefty*s Principal empowered

Secretaries of State for the time being, to appoint Two Perfons to

be fuch Members of the faid mixed Commiffion to be held at London,	fQT

one of fuch Perfons to be a Commiffary Judge, and the other to be	Commis-

a Commiffioner of Arbitration, as are in and by the faid Ninth son in London.

Article of the faid Convention, and by the Inftru&ions annexed to the

(aid Convention mentioned to be appointed by His Majefty, and from

time to time to fupply any Vacancies which may arife in fuch Offices,

by appointing other Perfons thereto, and to grant Salaries to fuch Salaries.

Commiflary Judge and Commiffioner of Arbitration, not exceeding

fuch annual Sums as the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury

of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland fhall from time

to time dire&; and fuch Commiffary Judge and Commiffioner of

Arbitration fo to be appointed by His Majefty, are hereby authorifed

and

i

i

i

58

c.n.

59® GEO. Ill

AJM819.

Power*.

And to appoint a Secretary or Registrar.

CommiasaiT Judges and Commissioners of Arbitration to be sworn.

Oath.

Secretary to be sworn.

and empowered to examine and decide all fuch Cafes of Detention, Captures and Seizures of Veflels and their Cargoes as aforefaid, detained, feized, taken or captured, between the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and the Period at which the Two Commiflions mentioned in the Eighth Article of the fold Convention (hall alienable at their refpedive Pofta on the Coaft of Africa and in the 3raziLrt as are, by the fold Ninth Article of the faid Convention and by this Alt made fubjed to their Jurifdidio®, and to proceed in all fuch Cafes, and to give fuch Judgments, and to make fuch Orders therein, and to do all other Alts, Matters and Things appertaining thereto, agreeably to the Provifions of the faid Convention, and the Inftrudions and Regulations annexed thereto, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes as if fpecial Powers and Authorities for that Purpofe were fpecially and particularly inferted and given in relation thereto in this Ad.

III.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for His Majefty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, counter* figned by One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State for the time being, to nominate and appoint a Secretary or Regiftrar to the faid Commiflion to be held at Lpndony and from time to time to fupply by other Appointments any Vacancy which may hereafter occur in fuch Office, and to grant a Salary to fuch Secretary or Regiftrar, not exceeding fuch annual Sum as the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury ftiall from time to time dired; and fuch Secretary or Regiftrar it hereby refpedively authorifed and empowered to do, perform and execute all the Duties of fuch Office, let forth and described in the foid Convention, and the Inftrudkms and Regulations thereto annexed, and do, perform and execute all fuch Ads, Matters and Things as may be neceflary for the due Difcharge of the Duties of his Office, according to the Proviftons of the faid Convention, Inftrudions and Regulations.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That every fuch Commiffary Judge, and Commiffioner of Arbitration, appointed by his Majefty for the purpofes of this Ad, (hall, before he (hall enter upon the Execution of any of the Duties of fuch his Office, take an Oath before the Lord Chief Juft ice, or One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Court of King’s Bench, or before the Lord Chief Baron, or One of the Barons of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer at Wejhmnfier9 for the time being 5 which Oath every fuch Lord Chief Juftice, or Lord Chief Baron, or Juftice or Baron for the time being, is hereby authorifed to adminifter, in the Form following; (that is to fay,)

* T A. B. do folemnly fwear, That I will, according to the beft of

*	my Skill and Knowledge, ad in the Execution of my Office

*	as ^	faithfully, impartially, fairly, and without

*	Prejudice or Favour, either for Claimants or Captors, or any other

*	Penons; and that I will, to the beft of my Judgment and Power,

*	ad in purfuance of and according to the Stipulations of the

*	Treaty, of the Twenty fecond Day of January' One thoufand eight

*	hundred and fifteen, and the additional Convention thereto, between

*	His Majefty and His Moft Faithful Majefty, figned at London, on

*	the Twenty eighth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and

*	feventeen.	So	help	me	GOD.*

And the Secretary or Regiftrar tp the faid Commiflion fhall, before he enters on the Duties of his faid Office, take an Oath before the Briti/b

Commiffiuy

59° GEO. III.

C.17.

89

Co Ju

their Secretary

Coimmfiary Judge as aforefaid, who » hereby empowered to admimfter the fame, in the Form following; (that is to fay,)

J A. B» do folemnly fwear, That I will, according to the beft of Oath.

my Skill and Knowledge, a<St in the Execution of my Office, and tnat I will conduit mylelf with due Refpelt to the Authority of the Commiffarw Judges and Commiffioners of Arbitration of the Commiffion to wnich 1 am attached, and will alt with Fidelity in all the Affairs which may belong to my Charge, and without preference of or favour either for Claimants or Captors or any other PerfoDs.	So	help	me GOD.*

And the like Oaths refpe&ively, in lieu of the Oath fet forth and prescribed by the laid recited Alt of the Fifty eighth Year aforefaid, fhail in all Cafes be adminillered to and taken by every Commiffary Judge and Commiffioner of Arbitration, appointed by His Majefty, or siting ad interim under the faid recited Alt, in the Prefence of the Magiftrate authorifed by the faid Ad to adminifter the Oath in the faid Ad recited, and by every Secretary or Regiftrar appointed by His Majefty, or ading ad interim, in the Prefence of the Britt/b CommrtTary Judge.

V.	Ana be it further cnaded. That k (hall be lawful for any fach Commiffary Judge, or for any fuch Secretary or Regiftrar appointed under this Ad, and they are hereby refpedively empowered, ~ .	-

to adminifter Oaths to and take the Depoutioas of all Parties raysdxninister Witnefles and other Perfons who may come or be brought before Oaths, them to be examined, or for the purpofe of deposing in the courfe of any Proceeding before the Commiffary Judges of the faid Commiffion to be held in London, or before the faid Commiflary Judges and a Commiffioner of Arbitration, in the Cafes in (which fuch Commiffioner of Arbitration fhail ad with the faid Commiflary Judges under the find Convention and the Inftrudions and Regulations thereto annexed, or under this Aft; and it (hall alfo be lawfiU for the faid Commiflary lodges, or for the faid Commiffary Judges and Commiffioner of Arbitration, m the Cafes aforefaid, to fumrnon before them all Perfons whom they may deem it necefiary or proper to examine in relation to say Suit, Proceeding, Matter or Thing under their Cognifance, and to fend for and iffue Precepts for the producing of all fnch Papers as any relate to the Matters in tmeftion before them, and to enforce all Inch Summon fes, Orders and Precepts, by fuch and the like Meant,

Fovea and Authorities as are veiled in tne Commifikmeit under the hid recited A ft.

VL And be it further ena&ed. That every Perfon who ihaH wilfully and corruptly give faMe Evidence in any Examination or Dmoution, or Affidavit had or taken upon or in any Proceeding before the feud Commiffary Judges or Commifinoners aforefaid, under the hiid Convention, Inftrultions and Regulations, or under this AH, hall be deemed guiky of Perjury, and being thereof convuSbed, fhail be (abseil and liable to all the Punifhments, Pains and Penalties to which Perfons canvi&ed of wilful and corrupt Perjury are liable.

* VII. And Whereas by the Eleventh Article of the faid Con-

*	tendon of the Twenty eighth Day of July One tkoufand eight

*	hundred and Jcventeen, His Majefty engaged to pay the Sum of

*	Three hundred theufand Pounds Sterling, of Indemnification by a certain Convention of dm Twenty ftrft Day of

Pojury.

Are. ii. of Coovrehm. For PajMl of 300,0001. for Captures made before

• January the nt of June 1814.

C. 17.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Recited Article loamy be pleaded In bar of any Action for such Capture.

No Claims or Suits for Ships captured under Convention, &c. to be brought, except before Commissions appointed under that Convention.

Pendency of Suit before the said Commissions may be pleaded in bar, See.

4 January One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, in favour of the 4 Proprietors of Portuguefe Vefiels captured by Brtt 'tjh Cruizers, up to 4 the Period of the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and

*	fourteen, with Interefl, in the manner and at the times in the faid

*	Convention of the Twenty eighth Day of July One thoufand eight

*	hundred and feventeen mentioned ; the Payment of the faid Sum to

*	be made in London to the Minifter of His Moil Faithful Majefly, at

*	the Court of His Majefly, or to the Perfons whom His Moil Faithful 4 Majeily ihould think proper to authorife for that Purpofe: And 4 Whereas the faid Sum of Three hundred thoufand Pounds and 4. Interefl hath been duly paid by His Majeily to His Mod Faithful 4 Majefly, for the Purpofes in trie faid Conventions mentionedBe it enabled, That the faid Sum of Three hundred thoufand Pounds and Interefl, ftipulated to be paid by the faid Two Conventions, and paid and accepted accordingly, as a full Compenfation for all Lodes fuilained by the Subje&s of His Moil Faithful Majeily, on account of Vefleh captured up to the Firfl Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, fhall be confidcred and taken to be a full Compenfation for all fuch Captures as aforefaid; and that the faid Stipulation contained in the faid Convention of the Twenty firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, and recited in the Eleventh Article of the faid Convention of the Twenty eighth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, and m the faid A£t of the laft Seffion and m this prefent A6t, may be pleaded in Bar or given in Evidence upon the General I flue, and fhall be and be deemed and adjudged in every Court whatever, to be a good and complete Bar in any and every A£tion, Suit or Proceeding, brought or inftituted, or to be brought or inftituted for Reftitution or any other Matter or Thing in relation to any fuch Capture, or for any Damage or Injury fuilained thereby or in relation thereto, any thing contained in any A61 or A6ls of Parliament to the contrary notwitlmanding.

VIII. And be it further ena6led, That from and after the pafling of this A61, it fhall not be lawful for any Perfon to commence, profecute or proceed in any Claim, A&ion or Suit whatever, in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any other Court, or before any Judges or Perfons whomfoever, other than the feveral Commiffions appointed under and by virtue of the faid Convention of the Twenty eighth Day of July One thoufahd eight hundred and feventeen, and the faid recited Ad and this A 61, for the Condemnation or Reftitution of any Ship or Cargo or Slaves, or for any Compenfation or Indemnification for any Lola or Damage, or for any Injury fuilained by fuch Ship, Cargo or Slaves, or by any Perfons on board any fuch Ship, in confequence of any fuch Capture, Seizure or Detention which fhall have been or fhall be made under the Authority or in purfuance of the Provifions of the faid Convention, or of the Inftru6lion8 or Regulations thereto annexed, or of the (aid recited A61 or this A61, or which may be or become the Subje6l of Adjudication or Compenfation by, or be brought before the Commiffion to be held at London under the Authority of the faid Convention and this A61; that the Pendency of any Claim, Suit or Proceeding inftituted before any of the Com-millions fo to be appointed under the Authority of the laid Convention and the faid recited A61 and this A61, for the Condemnation or Reftitution of any Ship or Cargo, or Slaves taken, feized or detained by virtue of the laid Convention, or of the Inftru6lion8 or Regulation*

thereunto

/

59° GEO. III.

C.I7.

61

thereunto annexed, or fubjed to the Jurifdidion and Adjudication of the laid Commiffion in London, or for any Compenfation or Indemnification for any Lofs or Damage, in confequence of the taking, feizing or detaining any fuch Ship, or the final Adjudication, Condemnation, Judgment or Determination of any fuch Commillion, as the Cafe (hall require, may be pleaded in Bar or given in Evidence under the General Iffue; or in cafe no fuch Claim, Suit or Proceeding (hall have been inftituted before any fuch Commiffion, then the faid Convention and the faid recited Ad and this Ad may in like manner be pleaded in Bar or given in Evidence under the General I(Tue; and every fuch Plea in Bar or Evidence fo given under the General Iffue, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be a good and complete Bar and Satisfadion to any fuch Claim, Adion, Suit or Proceeding, in any Court or Place, other than before fuch Commiffion ; any thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary in anywife notwitbftanding.

4 .IX. And Whereas by the Ninth Article of the faid Convention 4 of the Twenty eighth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and 4 feventeen, and hereinbefore recited, His Majefty engaged to grant 4 in the manner thereinafter explained, fufficient Indemnification to 4 all the Proprietors of Portugue/e Veffels and Cargoes captured by 4 Britifb Cruizers between the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight

*	hundred and fourteen, and the Period at which the Two Commiffions

*	pointed out in the Eighth Article of the faid Convention fhould 4 affemble at their refpedive Pofts; and by the Eleventh Article of

*	the faid Convention before recited in this Ad, His Majefty engaged 4 to pay the faid Sum of Three hundred thoufand Pounas for the 4 Purpofes hereinbefore mentioned, and it is therefore juft that fuch 4 Ships, Veffels and Cargoes as aforefaid, or the Proceeds'thereof, for 4 and in refped of which His Majefty fhall as aforefaid pay or be 4 liable to pay any Indemnity or Compenfation, and to which the 4 Captors or Seizors (hall not eftablifh any Right or Intereft, fhould 4 be delivered or paid to the Ufe or Difpofal of His Majefty ;* Be it therefore enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Lords Com-miffioners of Appeal in Prize Caufes, and for the High Court of Admiralty, in all Cafes jind Queftions arifing out of the Captures of any fuch Ships, Veffels or Cargoes, of any Subjeds of His Moft Faithful Majefty, as well before the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, as between the faid Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen and the Period above defcribed, which fhall be depending before them, or which may be brought before them, on Appeal from any Vice Admiralty Court, according to their refpedive Jurifdi&ions, to proceed therein, and to hear and determine all Queftions refpeding any Right or Intereft in or to any fuch Ships, Veffels or Cargoes fo captured, to which His Majefty or the Captors or Seizors of fuch Ships, Veffels or Cargoes, may claim to be entitled by reafon of the Capture or Seizure thereof, and to-enforce their Judgments and Orders therein, by the ufual ProceCs of the faid Courts, any thing in this Ad to tne contrary potwrthftanding: And that in all fuch Cafes as aforefaid, in which the Captors or Seizors fhall not eftablifh any Right or Intereft on ibeir behalf, by reafon of any fuch Capture of any Ship, Vefflel or Cargo, it fhall be lawful for the faid Courts refpedively to order and adjudge the Ships, Veffels and Cargoes, or the Proceeds thereof, adaU and every Part thereof, to which the Captors fhall not eftablifh

any

Art 9. of Convention of 28th July 1817.

Art ir. Jurisdiction of Prize Courts of Appeal or of Admiralty, in Cases of any #such Capture brought before them.

Provision in case of Cap-tors not establishing their Rights.

62

59° GEO. III.

A.D.18I9.

C.17, 18, 19.

any Right or Intereft as aforefaid, to be delivered or paid to the Ufe or Difpofal of His Majefly, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as the faid Commiffioner8 of His Majefty’s Treafuiy for the time being (hall appoint to receive the fame, and to enforce the Delivery or the Payment thereof, by the ufual Procefs of the faid Courts refpeftively ; any thing in this Aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

58 G. 3. c. 85. X. And be it further enafted, That the faid recited Aft of the *nd	Fifty eighth Year aforefaid, fo far as the fame is not exprefsly altered

t°m% or repealed by this Aft, fhall remain in force 5 and that the faid recited Aft and this Aft fhall be conftrued together as one Aft, fo far as the fame are compatible and confident with each other, and as if the Claufes and Provifions in this Aft contained had been infested in the faid recited Aft of the Fifty eighth Year aforefaid, and had made Part thereof.

Act altered, Ac. XI. And be it further enafted. That this Aft may be amended, this Session. altered or repealed, by any Aft to be pafTed in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. XVIII.

An Aft to make perpetual an Aft of the Forty fourth Year of His prefent Majefly, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Najfau in the Ifland of Ne*w Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked IJland in the Bahama Ijlands, in American Ships coming in Ballad.

[31ft March 1819.3

44 & 3. c. ioi» * TT7HEREAS an Aft was made in the Forty fourth Year of VV the Reign of His prefent Majetty, intituled An A8 for permitting] until the Firfi Day of Augull One tboufand eight hundred and /even, the Exportation of Salt from the Port of NafTau m the Ifland of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked Ifland in the Bahama I (lands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Bculafl ; which faid Aft ■was by Three Aft8 of the Forty feventh, Fiftieth and Fifty feventh Years of the Reign of His prefent Maiefly revived and continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen : And Whereas it is expedient to make perpetual the faid Aft of the Forty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majeftr, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Aft of the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty fliaU, from and after the made perpetual, paffing of this Aft, be made perpetual.

CAP. XIX.

An Aft to render, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, the growing Produce of the Con-folidated Fund of the United Kingdom, arifing in Great Britain* available for the Public Service.	[31ft	March	1819.]

€ TT 7 HE RE AS the Payments from time to time made into the 4 VV Receipt of the Exchequer at Weflminfler, of the growing 4 Produce of the Revenues and Duties arijmg ia Greet Britain,

* which

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.19.

63

*	which form Part of the ConfoHdated Fund of the United Kingdom ‘ of Great Britain and Ireland* accumulate in the faid Exchequer

*	until the End of the feveral Quarters in which fuch Payments are 4 made, ending on the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July* 4 the Tenth Day of OQober, and the Fifth Day of January* in

*	every Year; and no Part of fuch growing Produce can now by 4 Law be iffiied or applied at any time during the Courfe of any 4 fuch Quarter, towards the making good any of the Aids or Supplies 4 granted by Parliament; and it would be very advantageous to the 4 Public if Part of fuch growing Produce could be made applicable 4 to fuch purpofes from time to time, in manner hereinafter men-1 tonedMay it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ensded; and be it ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Maieity, hr and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, sad by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this Ad it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiilioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Inland* or any Three or more of them for the time being, from time to time, by Warrants under their Hands, to order and dired the Auditor of the Exchequer to make out any Number of Exchequer Bills, authorised by any Ad or Ads of Parliament to be ifited towards any Aids or Supplies, for fuch Sum or Sums of Money as the faid CommiiliooeTS (hall think fie, and to depoiit fuch Exchequer Bills in the refpedive Offices of the Four Tellers of the Receipt of the (aid Exchequer; and no Intercft (hall accrue or be paid upon or for any Exchequer Bill or Bills fo depofited under the Authority of this Ad, during the time that any fuch Bill or Bills fo depofited (hall remain in the Hands or in the Offices of any of the lVl]ers of the faid Receipt of Exchequer, any thing in any Ad or Ads to the contrary in any wife notwithdanding.

II.	And be it further enaded. That fuch Exchequer Bills (hall be made out is the fame or like Manner, Form and Order, and acconhag to the fame or like Rules and Diredions, as are prefcribed m an Aa pafieJ in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for regulating the iffuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills $ and tut all and every the Claufes, Provifoes, Powers, Privileges and Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Difa-bifities, contained in the faid Ad, (hall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of tins ai (■Brand effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the (aid feveral Chues and Provifions had been particularly repeated and re-enaded m the Body of this prefent Ad, except as is otherwise fpecially provided in this Ad.

III.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful hr the Auditor of the find Exchequer to iffiie from time to time, wt of the growing Produce of the faid ConfoHdated Fund, being «r remaining in tne Receipt of the faid Exchequer, any Sum or Suns of Money, not exceeding the Amount of fuch Exchequer Bifis as (hall have been fo depofited under the Authority of this Ad, febfeqoent to the Firft Day of any Quarter ending as aforefaid, in which fuch Iffiie (hall be made; and the Iffiie of every fuch Sum Inll be recorded by the Clerk of the Pells in the faid Receipt of Exchequer $ and Inch Sum and Sums of Money (hall and may be

applied

Treasury may order Exchequer Bills to be made out and deposited in the Receipt o£ the Exchequer.

Such Bills noc to bear Intend while remaining so deposited.

Such Bills to be made out under Regulations of 48 G.j. c. x.

Auditor may issue Money out of Froduee of Consolidated Fund, equal to Amount of Exchequer Bills deposited. Such lanes to bn ran—dad.

C.19.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

How applied.

Until July St 1810, all such Issues applied to Repayment of previous j^dvances by

If Exchequer Bills have been made out under 57 G. 3 c.48. Bills deposited under this Act shall not make the whole exceed 6,009,00c!

If Exchequer Bills under 57	3-	c.	48.

amount to or exceed 6,00c,000L no Bills to be deposited under this Act.

Deficiency in Consolidated Fund at End of Quarter made good by Exchequer Bills under that Act.

applied for or towards the defraying or fupplyiug any Aids or Supplies granted by Parliament, towards which tne Exchequer Bills fo depofited under the Authority of this Alt {hall have been made applicable by Parliament; and the Exchequer Bills fo depofited under the Authority of this Alt (hall remain fo depofited with the Tellers of the faid Exchequer, as a Security for the Sums of Money fo to be iflued out of the laid growing Produce of the faid Confoli-dated Fund, until fuch time as luch Exchequer Bills (hall be paid off or exchanged in manner hereinafter mentioned.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enalted, That until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, any Sum or Sums of Money which may be iflued under the Authority of this A&, fhall be applied for or towards the Payment to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of any Sum or Sums of Money which {hall or may have been advanced by the faid Governor and Company, at any time previous to the ifluing of any fuch Sum or Sums of Money, upon the Credit of any luch Exchequer Bills chargeable upon any Aids or Supplies granted by Parliament, and to and for no other Purpofe whatfoever.

V.	Provided always, and be it enalted, That in cafe any Exchequer Bills {hall have been made out and placed as Cafli in the Offices of any of the Tellers of the faid Exchequer, under the Authority of an Alt made in the Fifty Seventh Year of. His prefent Majeny’s Reign, intituled An Ad to make further Provifion for the Adjufimtnt of the Accounts of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and for making good any occqfional Deficiency which may arifc. m the fdd Fund in Great Britain or Ireland reffredively; and to dired the Application of Monies by the Commifitoners for the ReduSion of the National Debt; and {hall at the Commencement of any Quarter ending as aforefaid remain undischarged, it {hall not be lawful for the faid CommiflionerB of the Treajfury to dirdt the Depofit of Exchequer Bills under the Authority of this Alt for any greater Sum or Sums than {hall, together with the Exchequer Bills fo before made out and iflued, and fo remaining undischarged, amount to the Sum of Six Millions in the Whole in any one fuch Quarter of a Year ending as aforefaid; and that in cafe the Exchequer Bills fo before mack out and iflued, and fo remaining undischarged, {hall amount to or {hall exceed the Sum of Six Millions at the Commencement of any fuch Quarter, it {hall not be lawful for the faid Commiflioner8 of the Treafury, within the faid Quarter, to dire& the Depofit of any Exchequer Bills whatever under this Ad; and that no Sum or Sums of Money {hall at any time he iflued under the Authority of this Ad, out of the growing Produce of the faid Confolidated Fund, in any Quarter, on account of any Exchequer Bills fo depofited under the Authority of this Ad, until the whole of the Principal and Intereft on all Exchequer Bills (if any) which fhall have been fo before made out and placed in the faid Exchequer under the faid recited Ad of the Fifty Seventh Year, {hall have been fully paid and discharged out of Such growing Produce; and that if at the Clofe of any Quarter it {hall appear that the Amount of Money remaining in the faid Receipt of Exchequer, applicable to the Consolidated Fund, is not Sufficient to defray the Charges on the faid Fund payable for fuch Quarter, the whole of fuch Deficiency, whether arifing in confequence of I flues made under the Authority of

6	this

A.D.1SI9.

59° GEO. III.

C. 19.

65

this Ad or from any other Caufe, (hall be made good by Exchequer Bills to be made out under the Authority of the faid recited AS of the Fifty feventh Year.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That whenever any Exchequer Bills (hall be in the Courfe of Payment, which (hall have been granted by Parliament towards the Aids or Supplies of the fame Year, as any Exchequer Bills which (hall be depoiited with the Tellers of tne faid Exchequer under the Diredions of this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful for the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three of them, to dired that fuch Exchequer Bills fo depoiited under the Authority o^this AS (hall be paid off. and difeharged out of any Monies applicable to that Purpole; and the Monies by which fuch Bills, fo at any time depofited, (hall be paid off and difeharged, (hall be carried to and may be applied as the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund of the Quarter in which fuch Exchequer Bills (hall have been fo paid off and difeharged ; or otherwife it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Com-miffioners to dired, that in lieu of fuch Exchequer Bills fo deported, and in Courfe of Payment, any other Exchequer Bills may be depofited which lhall have been granted towards the Aids or Supples of the Year upon which the Exchequer Bills fo firft depofited (hall have been charged; and the Exchequer Bills fo firft depofited (hall be withdrawn from the faid Tellers, and (hall be confidered as paid off, difeharged and cancelled.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That in all Accounts to be pre-feuted to Parliament, of Exchequer Bills iffued under the Authority of Parliament, all fuch Exchequer Bills as (hall be from time to time depofited with the Tellers of the faid Exchequer, in purfuance and under the Authority of this Ad, (hall be confidered and dated as Exchequer Bills a&ually iffued and not difeharged.

VIII.	Provided always, and be itvenaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, from time to time, in any Quarter of a Year ending on the Fifth Day of April, Fifth Day of July, Tenth Day of 0Sober, or Fifth Day of January, in any Year (after all the Exchequer Bills made out under the faid recited Ad of the Fifty feventh Year (hall have been paid off and difeharged, and after all fuch Sum or Sums of Money Hull have been iffued under the Authority of this Ad as (hall be equal to the Amount of Exchequer Bills depofited under this Ad), to depofit at the faid Receipt of Exchequer, Exchequer Bills the Property of the faid Governor and Comjftmy, and to take and withdraw from the faid Exchequer, out of any Sum or Sums of Money which (hall remain in the Receipt of tne faid Exchequer in any fuch Quarter, above and beyond the Amount of all Exchequer Bills made out and depofited under the Authority of the faid recited ASX or this Ad, any Sum or Sums not exceeding the Amount of the Exchequer Bills which (hall be fo depoiited by the faid Governor aad Company, according to the Pradice heretofore ufed; and that it (hall be lawful for the faid Governor and Company to receive In&ereft on the faid Exchequer Bills fo depofited by them, in like manner as hath been heretofore ufual in the Cafe of fuch Depofit by the (aid Governor and Company ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall continue in

59 Geo. III.	F	force

Exchequer Bills deposited under this Act to be paid off in course, or exchanged for new Bills.

Exchequer Bills deposited, considered as issued in Accounts to Parliament

After Payment of Exchequer Bills under 57 G. 3* c. 48. and Issues of Money under this Act Bank may deposit Exchequer

Bills as heretofore.

Continuance of Act.

69° GEO> III.

<w

4* maybe amended, &&

Treaswry may issue Exchequer Bills, in

scribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.

Wien payable.

Recited Act extended to this Act.

Exchequer Bills on the-Credit of 59 Gvj. c.3. how to be issued.

C. 19, SO*

A.D. 1819.

force uqtil the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred, and twenty, and no longer.

X. And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Ad or Ads to be paired m this Seiiion of Parliament.

[Bank may advance Money to Government upon Credit of Exchequer Bills ijfued under this A8* See c. 76. § 3. poJIJj

CAP. XX.

,?An A St to enable the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Trea-fury to iflue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of fuch .Aids or SuppKes as have been or (hall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.	[31ft March 1819.]

*	TY 7 HE RE AS it may be neceflary for the Public Service, that

*	VV Exchequer Bills fhould be iiTued on the Credit of fuch Aids

*	or Supplies as have been or fhall be granted by Parliament, for 1 the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen :9 May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it (hall be lawful for the Commiflioners of Hts Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire-land, at any time or times, to caufe or dired any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain, for any Sum or Sums of Money, in the fame or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Diredions, as are prescribed in ana by an Ad paffed in the Forty eighth Year of riis prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for regulating theiffue and faying off of Exchequer Bills ; which faid Exchequer Bills are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and fhall be paid and difeharged at any time, out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies which have been or fhall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, on Fourteen Days9 Notice being given by Public Advertifement in the London Gazette, and in Three or more of the London Newipapers, of the Day of Payment thereof.

II.	And ^ be it further yena&ed, That all and every the Claufes, Provifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, rorfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the faid recited Ad, fhall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in purfuance of this Ad, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the faid Several Claufes or Provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enaded in the Body of this Ad.

III.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to authorife the faid Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury to iflue any Exchequer Bills on the Credit of any Duties or Taxes granted by an Ad of this Seffion of Parliament, intituled An Ad for continuing to His Majefty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain, and on Penfions^ Offices and Pcrfonal Eftates i% England* for

the

A.D.181&

49* GEO. III.

C. 20,91

67

the Service <f the Tear One thoufand right hundred and nkteteenf in oaf other manner than they are authorised by the faid Aft, or to ifTue any Exchequer Bills on the Credit of any Aids or Supplies which maybe ranted in the next Seffion of Parliament.

iV. And be it further enafted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in purfuance of this Aft fhall bear Date on the Days on which the dame (hall be refpe&ively iffued, and (hall and may bear an Intereft not exceeding the rate of Threepence Halfpennyp«r Centum fer Diem, upon or in refpeft of the Whole of the Monies re-fpeftivtly contained therein, payable out of any Aids or Supplies in the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer*

V.	And be it further enafted, That all and every the Exchequer Bifls to be made forth by virtue of this A 61, or fo many of them as (hall from time to time remain undischarged and uncancelled, (hall and may, at any time after the Expiration of Four Months from the Date of any fuch Bills refpeftively, be received and taken, and (hall pah and be current to all and every the Receivers and Colleftors in Great Britain of the Cuftoms, Excite, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid or Tax whatsoever already granted, due or payable, or which (hall or may hereafter be granted, due or payable to His Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and alfo at the Receipt of the Exchequer from the Odd Receivers or Collectors, or from any other Perfon or Periods, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, making any Payments there to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors, for or upon any Account, Canfe or Occafion whatsoever, according to the Purport and true meaning of this Aft; and that fuch of the fame Bills as (nail be received at the Exchequer (hall and may be locked up and Secured si Caih, according to the Courfe of the Exchequer fettled and eftablifhed by Law for locking up and Securing Monies received in Speck there.

VI.	And I* it declared and further enafted, That it (hall and nay be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng-leei to advance or lend to His Majefty in like manner, at the Receipt of the Exchequer upon the Credit of all or any of the Aids or Supplies which have been or (hall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, any thing in an Aft made in the Fifth and Sixth Yeas of the Reign of King WiUiam and Queen Mary, intituled An Ad for granting to their Majefoies feveral Rates and Duties upon Ton* «gr of Ships and Vejfels, and upon Beer, Mk and other Liquors ; and for peering certain Recompenses and Advantages in thefaid A3 mentioned ts foeh Perfont as JbdU voluntarily advance the Sum of One million Jive hudrul thoufand Pounds towards carrying on the If eat againfl France, or in any fubfequent Aft, to the contrary thereof in anywide notwith-

Excheqner Bills to bear sn Interest not exceeding 3jd. Cent, per

Diet

Exchequer Bills may, at the Expiration of Four Months after Date, be taken in Payment of tho Revenue.

Bank authorised to advance 3,oco,ocol* on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 4*5 A 6 GtiL s Marias, Ac.

CAP. XXL

An Aft to amend feveral A£U for purchafing an Eftate for the Duke of Wellington*	[31ft	March	1819.3

4 XkTHEMES' an Aft palTed in the Fifty third Year of the 53 G. 3. c.4. • W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for granting 1 s Sm sf Money for purchafing an IZjlaU for the Marquis of Web

F 2	‘	lington

68

a «i.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819*

*	lington and bis Heirs, in confideration of the eminent and Jignal Ser-1 vices performed by the fend Marquis of Wellington to His Majejly

53	G. 3. c. 133. « and the Public: And Whereas another AA was paffed in the Fifty

4 third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad 1 4 to amend an Ad of the prefent Se/fion of Parliament for granting a \ 4 Sum of Money for purcbetfing an EJlate for the Marquis of Wd-

*	lington and bis Heirs, in confideration of the eminent and Jignal Ser-

*	vices performed by the faid Marquis of Wellington to His Mayfly

54	G. 3. c. 161. 4 and the Public: And Whereas another A A was paffed in the Fifty

*	fourth year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad 4 for fettling and fecuring an Annuity on Arthur Duke of Wellington 4 and his Heirs, and for empowering the Lord High Treafnrer% or 4 Lords Commijfioners of the Treafury, to advance out of the Confolidated 4 Fund of Great Britain a Sum of Money in lieu of fuch Annuity, to 4 pur chafe an EJlate in order to accompany the faid Title, in confideration 4 of the eminent and Jignal Services performed by the faid Duke of Wei-

•	* lington to His Majejly and to the Public, and for making further

4 Provtfion for the Difpofal of a Sum of Money granted by an Ad of 4 the lafl Sejfion of Parliament for purchafmg an EJlate for the fend

55	G. 3. c. 186. * Duke then Marquis of Wellington : And Whereas another AA was

*	paffed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty,

4 intituled An Ad for granting an additional Sum of Money for provide 4 ing a fuitable Refidence and EJlate for the Duke of Wellington and 4 his Heirs, in confideration of the eminent and Jignal Services performed 4 by the find Duke to His Majejly and the Public: And Whereas it 4 is enaAed by the faid recited A As that the Tru flees of the faid

*	AAs for the time being (hall apply the Refidue of the Surplus of 4 the Monies which fhafl from time to time arife and be produced 4 from the Sale of Timber to be cut down and felled under the Di-4 reAions of the faid A As, after fetting apart and appropriating fa 4 much thereof as is therein direAed to be fet apart and appro-4 priated for the Purpofes therein mentioned, in the Improvement 4 and Melioration of the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Heredita-4 ments to be purchafed and fettled under the faid AAs, or any or 4 either of them, in the manner and according to the Regulations and 4 under the ReflriAions therein fpecified : And Whereas it is expc-4 dient that the faid Trullees fhould be empowered to lay out fuch 4 Refidue, or any Part thereof, from time to time in the Purchafe 4 of other and additional Manors, Lands, Tenements and Heredita-4 ments, to be fettled to the fame Ufes as the Manors, Lands, Tene-4 ments and Hereditaments, to be purchafed under the Provifions of 4 the faid AAs are direAed to be fettledBe it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of-the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the

Trustees may	fame, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Truftees of the faid recited

•PP1* *® Resl-	AAs for the time being to apply any fuch refiduary Monies as

arising	a^ore^a^> or any Part thereof, in the Purchafe of any other and addi-

the&Se of	tional Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be fettled

Timber in the	in fuch and the like manner, to fuch and the fame Ufes, and under

Purchase of	and fubjeA to fuch and the fame Limitations, Powers, Authorities,

Lends, &c.	Regulations, ReftriAions and Provifions, as are in the faid AAs con-

tained, in relation to the Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be purchafed and fettled under the faid A&s, as

fully

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. in.

C.21,22.	69

folly and effeftuaHy to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were federally repeated and re-enafted in this Aft ; any thing in the faid redted Afts contained as to the Application of fuch refyluary Monies to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXII.

An Aft for the further Regulation of His Majefty’s Household, and the Care of His Royal Perfon during the Continuance of His Indifpofuion.	[6th April 1819.]

*	TT^HEREAS an Aft pafled in the Fifty firft Year of the Reign 51 G. 3. c. 1.

‘ W of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to provide for the

4 Admintftration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of Hit Ma-4 J'ftj'* R°y°l Perfon, during the Continuance of His MajeJly9 s Illnefs ;

4 and for the Refumption of the Exercife of the Royal Authority by His 4 Majefty: And Whereas another Aft palled in the Fifty fecond 5a G. 3. c.8.

‘ Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for 4 the Regulation of His MajeJly9 s Houfehold, and enabling Her MajeJly 4 the Queen to meet the increafed Expence to which Her MajeJly may be 4 exfcfcd during His MajeJly9s Indifpofition ; and for the Care of His 4 Majtftfs Real and Perfonal Property ; and to amend an AS of the 4 loft Seffion of Parliament, to provide for the Adminiftration of the 4 Royal Authority during His MajeJly9s Illnefs : And Wiiereas an Aft 58 G. 3. c. 90.

4 pafled in the laft Seffion of Parliament, intituled An AS to alter 4 and amend certain of the Provi/ions of an AS faffed in the Fifty firfl 4 Tear of H'u MajeJly9s Reign, intituled 4 An AS to provide for the 4 Adminiftration of the Royaf Authority, and for the Care of His Ma-

* jeftfs Royal Perfon, during the Continuance of His MajeJly9s Illnefs;

4 and for the Refumption of the Exercife of the Royal Authority by His 4 Majefty? And Whereas the Death of Her late Mod Excellent

*	Majefty, the Orofort of His Majefty, will allow of fome Reduction 4 in the Expence of the Eftabliihment provided for His Majefty,

4 without diminifiling the Attendance fuitable and requifite to the 4 doe Care of His Majefty's Sacred Perfon, and the Maintenance

*	of His Royal Dignity ; and it is therefore expedient that the Pro-

4 vifions of the faid recited Afts (hould be amended :* Be it therefore V tnafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflfembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fo much of the find recited Aft, of the Fifty fecond 3* G. 3. c. 8. Year aforefaid, as enafts that, during the 'Continuance of His M'a- I *• reprafcd* lefty’s Indifpofition, the Vice Chamberlain of His Majefty’s Houfe-Wd, Four of the Gentlemen, and Four of the Grooms of His Majefty’s Bedchamber, and the Mafter of the Robes, (hould be appointed or felefted and chofen from the refpeftive Departments of His Majefty’s Houfehold, for the Care and Attendance upon His Maefty’s Sacred Perfon, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed 5 and that no Vacancies, which may hereafter happen or arife in any of the (aid Offices, fhall be filled up by His Royal Highnefs the Duke of Tori and Albany, in purfuance of the Powers vefted in him

ithe Aft of the prefent Seffion of Parliament 5 and that from and No such Offi-r the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nine-	0Tty

teen, none of the Perfons holding any of the faid Offices, and no 'wEguemes, {Rater Number than Four of the Perfons holding the Offices of

F 3	Equerries

70

C.22.

59* GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

S% G. 3. e. 8. §5. repealed.

The Sum of

5o,oocl. applied in lieu of the said ioc,occL

** G.3. c. 82.

Such Payments fist from Tues,'&c.

An Account of the Application of the iaid Sum to be laid before Treasury, who may direct Application of Surplus,

IO»oooL annually to the Duke of York during Hit Majesty’s In-disposition.

Equerries to His Majefty, appointed to be in Attendance upon His Royal Perfon, (hall have or receive any Salaries, Wages or Profits in refpe& of fuch Offices.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That fo much of the faid recited A & of the Fifty fecond Year aforefaid as ena&s that, during the Continuance of His Majefty’s Indifpofition, the Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds (hall be annually paid out of the Civil Lift Revenues, for defraying the Charges and Expences of His Majefty, and of the Portion of His Majefty’s Houfehold attached to the Care of His Sacred Perfon, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and from and after the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and during the Continuance of His Majefty’s Indifpofition, the Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds (hall be annually paid out of the Civil Lift Revenues in lieu and inftead of the faid Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds, in Four Quarterly Payments, to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eignt hundred and nineteen ; and fuch Payments (hall be made to the Firft Gentleman of His Majefty’s Bedchamber, commonly called The Groom of the Stole, appointed to attend His Majefty’s Sacred Perfon, for the defraying the Charges and Expences of His Majefty, and fuch Portion of His Houfehold as (hall be in Attendance upon His Majefty’s Sacred Perfon, and (hall be made in preference to all other Payments whatfoever, any thing in an A £t p aided in the Twenty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, or in any other Alt or A6U of Parliament, to the contrary notwithftanding; and fuch Payments (hall be made out of any Sums of Money from time to time in the Exchequer, applicable to the purpofes of His Majefty’s Civil Eftab-liftiment, free and clear of and from all Taxes, Rates, Afteffinents, or other Charges, Fees or Dedui&ions whatsoever; and the Acquittances or Receipts of the faid Groom of the Stole (hall be a good and fuf-ficient Difcharge for the Payment thereof, and a Sufficient Authority to the Several and refpe&ive Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Payment thereof.

III.	And be it further ena£ted, That an Account of the Application of the faid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, fo dire&ed to be iffued to and appropriated by the Groom of the Stole in Attendance upon His Majefty’s Perfon, (hall from time to time when the fame (hall be required, and if not required oftener, once in each Year at the leaft, be laid before the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or Commiffioners of His Majefty’8 Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Inr-land for the time being, who, or any Three or more of them, Shall dire£t the Application of any Surplus, if any (hall remain, £6 as that the Surplus (hall go and be applied to the Civil Lift Revenues for the purpofes of His Majefty’s Civil Eftablifitment*

* IV. And Whereas it is proper that the Annual Sum of Ten * thoufand Pounds, granted to Her late Moft Excellent Majefty, in 4 confequence of Her Majefty having the Care of the Perfon of His 4 Majefty, (hould be now granted to His Royal Highnefs the Duke 4 of Tori and Albany /’ Be it therefore ena&ed, That there (hall be paid to His faid Royal Highnefs, during the Continuance of His Majefty’s Indifpofition, out of the Revenues or Sums of Money from time to time in the Exchequer, applicable to the Purpofes of His Majefty’s Civil Efttbliflunent, an Annual Sum or Yearly Rent of

Ten

A.D. 181ft,

59® GEO. III.

Ci 22.

71

Ten thoufand Pounds, to commence from the Twelfth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and to be paid in Quarterly Payments; the Firft Payment to be made on the Fifth £>ay of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, for the proportionate Part of the Quarter between the faid Twelfth Day of February and the faid Fifth Day of April, and that the fame (hall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable and paid out of any Sums of Money in the Exchequer applicable to the Purpofes of His Majefty’s Civil EftabHfhment, next after the faid Sum of Fifty thoufand Pounds, and free and clear of and from all Taxes, Rates, AfTeff-ments, or any Charges, Fees or other Deductions whatsoever; and the Acquittances or Receipts of His faid Royal Highnefs (hall be a good and Sufficient Difcharge for the Payment thereof, and a Sufficient Authority to the Several and refpe&ive Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Payment of the Said Money.

* V. And Whereas it is expedient to enable His Majefty to make 4 Some Provifion for the Ladies of the Bedchamber and the Maids of 4 Honour, and for certain of the Officers and Attendants on Her late 4 Moft Excellent Majefty, and for certain other Perfons to whom 4 Her late Moft Excellent Majefty had granted certain Penfions and * AllowancesBe it therefore further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for His Majefty to grant fuch Penfions or Allowances to fuch Perfons as he may think fit, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eighteen thoufand two hundred and forty fix Pounds per Annum, and to charge the fame upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland / and which Penfions fo to be granted fhall commence from the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and be paid and payable quarterly at the Receipt of the Exchequer at WeftmaAer^ out of the faid Consolidated Fund, free and clear of and from all Taxes, Charges or other Deductions whatfoever.	■	/

VI. And be it further ena&ed, That all the Powers and Authorities veiled in Her late Moft Excellent Majefty by the faid recited Ad of the Fifty fecond Year aforefaid, in relation to the Application of His Majefty’s Privy Purfe and Net Surplus Revenue of the Duchy of Lanca/ler, (hall from and after the Twelfth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, during the Continuance of His Majefty’s Indifpofition, and until the Refumption of the personal Exercife of the Royal Authority by His Majefty, be veiled as His Royal Highnefs the Duke of Tork and Albany, who (hall alfo have full Power and Authority to grant and fign Warrants for the ifiuing aad Payment out of the faid Privy Purfe and Revenues aforefaid, of any Soma which may have become due for Medical Advice mb Attendance, or any incidental or other Charges or Payments, face the Death of Her late Moft Excellent Maiefty, and to grant and fign all other Warrants, and to make all Orders which might have been granted, figned, iffued or given by Her late Moft Excellent under the Provifions of the faid recited Ad of the Fifty fecond Year aforefaid, in like manner in every Refped as if all the Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Claufes and Regulations in the faid recked Ad contained, were Severally and Separately repeated and re-nafiri, as to His find Royal Highnefs, in* this Ad.

VTL And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall be lawful for His Royal Highnefs the Duke of Tori and Albany, upon the Reduction

F 4	of

Free from Taxes, 4c.

His Majesty enabled to grant Pensions, out of Consolidated Fund, to Ladies of the Bed-chamber and other

late

upon Ha lf*sty.

Powers vetted In Her late

in

relation to the Application of His Majesty’s Privy Pune, or Revenues of the Duchy of Lancaster, vested in the Duke of York*

Pensions pay- . able out of Privy Pune to

1

Mf

T2

C.22.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.18I9.

of His Majefty’s Household at Windfor, to order and direft, and give Authority under His Royal Highnefs’s Hand, for the Payment of any fuch Penfions or Allowances, to be payable out of the Money iffued to the Keeper of His Majedy’s Privy Purfe, to any Servants of His Majedy, whofe Services may be dilcontinued upon fuch Reduction, and who may be deemed by His Royal Highnefs fit Objects of His Majefty’s Bounty, fo as that fuch Penfions and Allowances (hall not, in addition to the Sums which (hall continue to be applied under the Authority of His Royal Highnefs in each Quarter under the Provi(ion8 of the faid recited Aft of the Fifty fecond Year afore-faid and this Aft, exceed in the Whole, together with the prefent Amount of the Charges upon and allowed to be paid out of the faid Privy Purfe under the faid recited Aft of the Fifty fecond Year aforefaid, the aggregate Amount of Fifteen thoufand four hundred and fixty one Pounds, and Four thoufand nine hundred and feventy Pounds, Quarterly, charged upon and allowed to be paid out of the faid Privy Purfe, under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft of the Fifty fecond Year aforefaid; provided, that no fuch new Penfion as aforefaid (hall exceed in the Whole the Sum of Three hundred Pounds per Annum•

4 VIlI, And Whereas in confequence of the Death of Her late 4 Mod Excellent Majedy, the Annuity or Income of Fifty eight ‘ thoufand Pounds per Annum, which was idued and paid to Her ‘ Majedy out of the Civil Lid Revenue, in purfuance of Grants 4 from His Majedy, will be no longer payable; and in confequence 4 of the Reduftion of the Sum heretofore iffued to the Fird Gentle*

4 man of the Bedchamber or Groom of the Stole, for defraying the

*	Charges and Expences of His Majedy, and fuch Portion of His

*	Household as (hall be in Attendance upon His Majedy’s Sacred

*	Perfon, a further Sum of Fifty thoufan^ Pounds heretofore ifiiicd 4 and payable out of the Civil Lid Revenue, will no longer be 4 charged thereon ;* Be it therefore enafted. That fo much of an

44 G.3. c.8o. Aft of the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majedy, § i. repealed, intituled An Ad for the better Support of His Majcfiy's Houfehdld, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom, and for preventing Arrears in tie Payments of the Civil Lift Revenues, as granted to His Majedy a further Revenue or Yearly Rent of Sixty thoufand Pounds, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed, from the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, from which Period the faid Revenue or yearly Rent (hall' no 56 G. 3. c. 46. longer be payable; and that fo much of an Aft palled in the Fifty 15. repealed. fixtn Year of the Reign of His prefent Majedy, intituled An AS for the better Regulation of the Civil Lift, as direfted that there (hould be applied to the Civil Lid Revenue, out of the Surplus of Fees and Gratuities received at the Exchequer, the Sum of Forty eight thoufand Pounds per Annum, by even and equal Quarterly Payments, (hall alfo be and the fame is hereby repealed, from the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundrea and nineteen5 from which time all the Surplus of the faid Fees and Gratuities (hall go and be carried to the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

56 G. 3. c.46.	* IX. And Whereas by the faid recited Aft of the Fifty hath

5 3,	4 Year of the Reign of His prefent Majedy, the Lords CommilfioDers

4 of His Majedy’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them, are

4 required.

authorised the Duke York.

Limitation of the Amount.

*	required, at the Commencement of every Quarter, to dire61 what

*	Sums fhould be refpe&ively fet apart and appropriated in the

*	Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the Quarterly Revenue of the ‘ Civil Lift, for the Purpofe of defraying the Charges of the refpe&ive

*	daffes thereof, but fo as that the Sum to be appropriated to the

*	Sixth Clafs do not exceed One fourth Part of the eftimated Amount

*	of that Clafs, as fpecified in the Schedule annexed to the faid A61 ;

4 and fo .that the Sum to be appropriated to the other ClafTea be

*	equal to One Fourth Part of the eftimated Amount of fuch Clafs:

*	And Whereas the eftimated Amount of the Firft Clafs, according 4 to the Schedule annexed to the faid A 61, is Two hundred and

*	ninety eight thoufand Pounds, but by reafon of the Death of Her

*	late Moft Excellent Majefty, and of the Redu&ion of the Sum to

*	be iftiied to the Groom of the Stole of His Majefty, the future 4 Charge of the faid Clafs will be reduced to One hundred and

*	ninety thoufand Pounds per Annum;' Be it therefore further ena&ed, That the Sum hereafter to be appropriated in purfuance of the faid A61 of the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for defraying the Charge of the Firft Clafs of the Civil Lift, (hall be equal only to One Fourth Part of the Sum of One hundred and ninety thoufand Pounds, being the eftimated Amount of the future Charge of the faid Clafs.

• X. And Whereas it is expedient that fo much of the faid A61

*	of the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Maiefty, as

*	provided that whenever the total Charge of the Civil Lift, from the

*	Fifth Day of January in any one Year to the Fifth Day of January 4 in the fucceeding Year, (hall amount to more than One million one ‘ hundred thoufand Pounds, an Account, ftating the Particulars of

*	fuch exceeding, and the Caufe thereof, fhould be fubmitted to 4 Parliament, fhould be amendedBe it therefore further enafted. That the faid Account (hall be fubmitted to Parliament in the manner dire&ed by the faid A61, whenever the total Charge upon the Civil Lift, from the Fifth Day of January in any one Year to the Fifth Day of January in the fucceeding Year, (hall exceed the Sum of Nine hundred and ninety two thouland Pounds.

CAP. XXIII.

An A tit to reftrain, until the End of the prefent Seflion of Parliament, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from making Payments in Cafti under certain Notices given by them for that Purpofe.	[6th	April	1819.]

€ XY7HEREAS an A61 was made in the Thirty feventh Year

*	W of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS far am-4 firming and continuing* for a limited time, the RefirtSion contained in 4 the Minute of Council of the Twenty fixth Day of February One 4 thoufand feven hundred and ninety feven on Payments of Cq/b by the 4 Bomb : And Whereas an A61 was alfo made in the Thirty feventh 4 Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign further to continue the faid 4 A£l until One Month after the Commencement of the then next 4 Seffion of Parliament, under certain Regulations and Reftridlions: 4 And Whereas another A& was made in the Thirty eighth Year of 4 the Reign of His prefent Majefty, to amend and continue the faid

The Amount of the Sum to be hereafter appropriated.

56 G. 3. c. 46. §3.

The said Account to be laid before Parliament.

37

37 0.3. «.

38 G. 3. c. t.

59’ GEO. III.

A.D.18I9.

37 G. 3. c« 45* § ir.

Recital, that Notice by Governor and Company of the Bank was given of Payment in Cash of certain Notes.

And that it is expedient to restrain the same.

firft mentioned Aft until One Month after the Conclufion of the then prefent War : And Whereas it was provided in the fgid firft recited Aft that it fhould and might be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, during the Continuance of the faid Aft, to ifTue Cafh out of any Cafh which fhould be at their Difpoi'al in Payment of any Debt or Demand whatever, or oF any Part or Proportion of any Debt or Demand whatever, upon, their giving Five Days' Notice in Writing to the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons of their Intention to to do, ipecifying tho Defcription of fuch Debt or Demand, which Notice the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons is thereby required to caufe forthwith: to be inferted in the London Gazette: And Whereas the faid Afts have. been continued by feveral fubfequent Afts until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen: And Whereas, in purfuance of the laid Authority veiled in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, a Notice was. given on the Third Day of January One thoufand (even hundred and ninety nine, by the faid Governor and Company to the Speaker of the Houle of Commons, that on and after the Fourteenth In Rant the Bank would pay in Ca(h all Fraftional Sums under Five Pounds, and that on and after the Firft Day of February next the Bank will pay Cafh for all Notes of One and Two Pounds Value that are dated prior to the Firft Day of July? One thoufand (even hundred and ninety eight, or exchange them for new Notes of the fame Value, at the Option of the Holders j. and One other Notice was in like manner given by the faid Governor and Company, on the Seventeenth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, that on and after the-Second Day of May then next enfuing the Bank will pay Cafh for all Notes of One and Two Pounds Value that are dated prion to the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred ana fix-teen, or exchange them for new Notes of the fame Value, at the Option of the Holders ; and One other Notice was in like manner given by the faid Governor and Company, on the Eighteenth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, that on and after the Firft Day of OSober then next enfuing the Bank will be ready to pay Calh for their Notes of every Defcription dated prior to the Firft Day of January One thoufand eignt hundred and feventeen ; and the faid refpeftive Notices have been publiflied in the London Gazette in the manner provided by the fiud Aft: And Whereas a Continuance of the Partial Payments fo advertised might materially obftruft the Meafures to be adopted for the final ana complete Removal, at fuch time or times and in fuch Mode as Parliament may deem moft advifable, of the Reftriftions which have been of late Years impofed on the faid Governor and

4 Company of the Bank of England in refpeft to Cafh Payments ;

*	and it is therefore expedient that the faid Governor and Com-

*	pany of the Bank of England fhould be reftrained for a limited 4 time from making any fifties of Cafh to which they became 4 liable under any or either of the faid Notices, fo far as relates to

*	any Payment in the Gold Coin of this Realm, demandabfe under

*	the Authority of the faid Notices and of the faid recited Afts Bsxik not to Be it therefore enafted by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by make any Fky- and with the Advice an$l Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern*

poral.

A.D.1818.

5* GEO* III.

C. 23,24.	75

para/, and Commons, in thb prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the man* In Gold Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this Aft, Com of this rod until the End of the prefent Seffion of Parliament, it /hall not be ,R®^m c.,thcf lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to make slims^dercl. any Payment in tLe Gold Coin of this Realm, either of Fractional or for Notes Sums under Fire Pounds, or for any of their Notes dated prior dated prior to to the Firft Day of January One thonfend eight hundred and (even* J» 1817. teen, any thing in the above recited Afta of Notices to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered, Act may be amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be pafled in this Seffion altered, Ac. of Parliament.	*****

[Tbit AS continued till ifi May 1823. r. 49. pofiS\

CAP. XXIV.

An Aft to re ft rain, until the End of the prefent Seffion of Parliament, the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland from making Payments in the Gold Coin of this Realm, under certain Notices given by them.	[8th	April	1819.]

4 \T J HE REAS by an Aft made in the Parliament of Inland in jry^ Act,

4 VV the Thirty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Ma- 37 G. 3.

* jefty, intituled An AS for confirming and continuing for a limited 4 time the ReJlriSiont contained in the Minute of Council of the Second 4 Day of March One tboufand feven hundred and ninety fivenf on Pay*

4 meats in Cajb by the Bank, it was enafted, that it Ihould not be 4 lawful for the faid Governor and Company to iffiie any Cafh in 4 Payment of any Debt or Demand whatsoever, except according 4 to the Provifions in the faid Aft contained, and that the faid Aft 4 ihould be in force and (hould have Continuance, fo far as the fame 4 reftrained the Governor and Company of the faid Etank from iflu-1 iog Cafh in Payments, until Three Months after the Reftriftion 4 impofed by an Aft of the Parliament of Great Britain on the 4 Governor and Company of the Bank of England from iftuing 4 Caih in Payments mould ceafe, unlefs the Lord Lieutenant ana 4 Privy Council of Ireland (hould by an Order of Council direft 4 that the faid Reftriftion on the Governor and Company of the 4 Bank of Ireland (hould fooner ceafe ; and it was by the faid recited 1 Aft provided, that nothing in the faid Aft contained (hould extend 4 to remain the (aid Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland 4 froat iftuing any Sum of Money lefs than Twenty Shillings in 4 Caih in Payment of any Debt or Demand not amounting to 4 Twenty Shillings, or in Payment of fo much of any larger Defat 4 or Demand as (hould be a fractional Part of Twenty Shillings over 4 and above the Refidue of fuch Debt or Demand: And Whereas 4 the hud recited Aft of the Thirty feventh Year has by fevers!

4 fubfequent Afts been continued until the Expiration of Three 4 Calendar Months next after any Reftriftion impoled by soy Aft on 1 the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from iftuing 4 Cafh in Payments (hould ceafr, unlefs the Lord Lieutenant or 4 other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council of 4 AriW(hould by an Orderin Council diieft that the feid Reftriftion 4 on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland flrtotd

• fooner

59° GEO. IIL

AJM819,

Recital of Notices by Bank of Ireland of Payments in Cash.

Bank of Ireland not to make any Payment in Gold Coin either of Fractional Sums under 10a. or for Notes dated prior to Jan. i, >817.

Act altered, Ac. this Session.

fooner ceafe : And Whereas, under and by the Authority of an Order of the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland* a Notice was given by a Court of Diredors of the Governor and Company of the faid Bank of Ireland on the Twentieth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, that on and after the Third Day of February then next, the faid Bank would pay in Ca(h all their Notes under the Value of Five Pounds which were dated prior to the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, or would exchange them for new Notes, at the Option of the Holders: And Whereas, under and by the Authority of another Order of the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland, a Notice was alfo given by the faid Court of Directors of the faid Governor and Company on the Eleventh Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, that on and after the Second Day of Augufl then next the faid Bank would pay in Cafti all their Notes under the Value of Five Pounds which were dated prior to the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, or would exchange them for new Notes, at the Option of the Holders: And Whereas, under and by the Authority of another Order of the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland, a Notice was alfo given by the faid Court of Diredors of the faid Governor and Cpmpany on the Twenty feventh Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, that on and after the Firft Day of January then next the faid • Bank would pay in Cafti all their Notes which were dated prior to the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, or wpuld exchange them for new Notes, at the Option of the Holders : And Whereas a Continuance of the partial Payments of which fuch Notices have been given might materially obftrud the Meafures to be adopted for the final and complete Removal, at fuch time or times and in fuch Modes as Parliament may deem moft advifable, of the Reftridions which have been of late Years impofed on the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland in refped of Cafti Payments 5 and it is therefore expedient that the faid Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland fhould be reftrained for a limited time from making any IlTues of Cafh to which they became liable under any or either of the faid Notices, fo far as relates to any Payment in the Gold Coin of this Realm, demandable under the Authority of the faid Notices and of the faid recited Ads Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Tenth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and until the End of the prefent Seflion of Parliament, it (hall not he lawful f6r the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland to make any Payment in the Gold Coin of this Realm, either of fradional Sums under Twenty Shillings, or for any of their Notes dated prior to the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen; any thing in the above recited Ads or Notices to the contrary notwithftanaing.

II.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad may he altered, amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be palled in this Seflion of Parliament.

\Tbu A3 continued till ifi June 1823. c. 99. poft>2

CAP.

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.25,26,27.

77

CAP. XXV.

An A ft to enable His Majefty to fix the Rate and direft the Difpofal of Freight Money, for the Conveyance of Specie and Jewels on board His Majefty’s Ships and Vefiels.

[8th April 1819.]

*	TT7HEREAS it is expedient that His Majefty ftiould be '■ W authorifed to fix the Rate and direft the l)ifpofal and

*	Diftribution of Freight Money for the Conveyance of Specie and

*	Jewels on board His Majefty’s Ships and Vefiels Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft all Freight Money to be paid for the Conveyance in any of the Ships and Vefltls of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succefiors, of Gold, Silver and Jewels, or of any other Article which may be by fpecial Order received on board the faid Ships and Vefiels, and for which Freight fhall be payable, fhall be paid at fuch Rate, and diftributed ana applied to fuch Purpofes, and divided to and amongft fuch Perfons in luch Proportions and after fuch Manner as His Majefty, His Heirs or Succefiors, (hall from time to time think fit to order and direft, by any Proclamation or Proclamations to be ifiued for that Purpofe; and that no Freight Money or Reward fhall hereafter be demanded, paid, received or retained, by, to or for the Ufe or on account of any Perfon or Perfons, for the Conveyance on board of any of the Ships or Vefiels of His Majefty, His Heirs or Succefiors, of any Gold, Silver or Jewels, or any other Article, which may be by fpecial Order received on board the laid Ship or Veflel, and for which Freight fhall be payable, other than for the Purpofes and by the Perfon or rerfons, in the Proportion, at the Rates, and in the manner fo to be paid and allowed by Proclamation or Proclamations; and that all bargains, Contrafts, Covenants and Agreements, made or entered into, or hereafter to be made or entered into, for the Payment of any Freight Money for or in the name or on the account of Freight for the Conveyance of Gold, Silver or Jewels, or other Articles as aforefaid, on board of any of His Majefty’s Ships or Vefiels, at any other Rate, or for any other Purpofe, or by or to any other Perfon or Perfons, or in any other Manner or Proportions than as aforefaid, fhall be and the fame are hereby declared to be utterly void.

CAP. XXVI.

An Aft for fixing the Rates of SubGftence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. [8th April 1819.] \Thu Ad it the fame at 58 G. 3. c* 22. except at to Dates.]

CAP. XXVII.

An A ft to facilitate the Trial of Felonies committed on board Vefiels employed on Canal9, Navigable Rivers and Inland Navigations.	[19th	May	1819.]

WHEREAS Felonies are frequently committed on board Vefiels employed in carrying and conveying Goods, Wares ! and Merchandife u or upon Canals, Navigable Kivers and Inland

« Navigations,

All Freight to be paid for Conveyance oil board His Majesty's Ships and Vessels, of Gold, Silver, or other valuable Articles, to be divided in the manner directed by Proclamation.

L

69° GEO. IIL

A.D. 18 id.

<5.27,28.

* >ng « fcfd<

Felonies on Narigadom may be pro-recused in any County through vfaieb the Navigation

Perrons ao tried and confided to be subject to like Pains and Penalties as if tried in the County where Fact com-

z8 H. 8. c. 15.

Navigations, in various Parts of the United Kingdom, as well by breaking open the Calks and Packages containing fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandife, as in various other Ways: And Whereas fuch Felonies frequently remain undetected until the Arrival of fuch Veffels at the Places of their Deftimtion ; and at consequence of fudh Canals and Navigations paffing through feveral Counties form-the Boundaries of Counties. on each Side or Bank, it cat [dom be known within what County fuch Felonies may have

*	been aftually committed, and Offenders frequently efcape un-

*	punifhed from defe& of Proof that the Felony with which they

*	are charged was aftually committed within the County in which < fuch Offenders may be indiftedFor Remedy thereof be it ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the lame, That from and after the palling of this Aft, in any lndi&ment for any Felony committed on board any Barge, Boat, Trow or other Veffel whatever, employed or ufed in carrying or conveying Goods, Wares and Merchandife, or in which any fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandife fhall be, in or upon any Canal, Navigable River or Inland Navigation, in any* Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, it fhall be fufficient to allege that fuch Felony was committed within any County or City through any Part whereof fuch Boat, Barge, Trow or other Yeliel fhall have palTed in the Courfe of the Voyage or Journey during which fuch Felony fhall have been committed; and in Cafes wherein the Sides or Banks of any Navigable River, Canal or Inland Navigation, or the Centre thereof, fhall conftitute the Boundaiy of any Two Counties or Cities, it (hall be fufficient to allege that fuch Felony was .committed in either of the faid Counties or Cities through which, or any Part thereof, fuch Boat, Bargs, Trow or other Veflel (hall have palled in the Courfe of the Voyage or Journey during which fuch Felony (hall have been committed; and every luch Felony (hall and may be inquired of, tried and determined in the County or City within which the fame Felony (hall be fo alleged to have been committed; and all and every Perfon and Perfons who (hall be convifted of, any fuch Felony fo to be inquired of, tried and determined as aforefaid, (hall be fub-jeft and liable to all fuch Pains of Death, and other Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons convifted of fuch Felony would have been fubieft and liable to in cafe fuch Felony had been inquired of, tried and determined in the County in which the fame Felony was aftually committed; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding: Provided always, that npthiog herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to affed the Jurifili&ion of the High Court of Admiralty, or of any Commiffion for the Trial of Offences ;under an Aft palled in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled For Pirates.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Aft to empower Magiftrates to divide the Court of Quarter Sefiions.	[19th	May	1819.]

< TX 7 HEREAS the Courts of Quarter Seffion, by reafon of the ‘ VV great Increafe of Bufinefs therein, have of late been occupied ‘ during many Days, to the great Delay of Suitors, to the Ineon-

* venience

AJ). isi 9.

59# GEO. III.

C. 28.

79

‘ faience of Witnefles and Jurors, and to the Increafe of the County

‘ Rates; and fuch Inconvenience is likely to continue unlefs fome

4 Remedy be provided for the fame: And Whereas it would tend

* materially to remedy this Inconvenience, if Two or more of the

4 Juftices attending the Quarter Seflions fhould be enabled to fit and

1 proceed, when Occafion fhould fo require, while other Juftices

4 fhould proceed in the Difpatch of the other Bufinefs of the fame

4 CourtBe it therefore declared and ena&ed by The King’s Mod

Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament

aflonhled, and by the Authority of the fame, That whenever and Courts of

as often as any Court of Quarter Seflion or General Seflion of the Quarter See*

Peace fhall be affembled for the Difpatch of Bufinefs thereunto

belonging, the Juftices then prefent may, on the Firft Day of their the peacemav

being fo affembled, take iuto their Confideration the State of the appoint Tiro or

Bunnefs likely to be brought before them at fuch Quarter Seflion more Justices

or General Seflion ; and if it fhall appear to them that fuch Bufinefs, (pne to be of

if heard and determined by the whole Court, is likely to occupy more Quorum)

than Three Days, including the Day of their being fo affembled, it ^nipMt ^

fhall and may be lawful for the faid Juftices to appoint Two or more from them.

Juftices, One of whom fhall be of the Quorum, to fit apart from

themfdves in fome Place in or near the Court, there to hear and

determine fuch Bufinefs as fhall be referred to them, whilft others of

the Juftices are at the fame time proceeding in the Difpatch of the

other Bufinefs of the fame Court; qnd that the Proceedings fo had

by and before fuch Two or more Juftices fo fitting apart fhall be

as good and effe&ual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes as if

the fame were had before the Court affembled and fitting as ufual

in its ordinary Pace of fitting, and fhall be inrolled and recorded

accordingly.

II.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That when Two Regulations nr more Juftices fhall have fat apart in manner before dire&ed by ®*de for tbs this Aft, and Orders, Rules and Regulations fhall have been made Appartooninart for tk Apportionment of Bufinefs, fuch Orders, Rules and Regu- ne^^t be lafiSns fhall remain and continue in force as long as fhall be thought mewed at expedient, without the Neceffity of renewing fuch Orders, Rules each succeeding and Regulations at each fucceeding Seflion, to the intent that the Session.

feme may become public and better known to all profeflional and other Perfons engaged in or in any manner interefted in the Bufinefs of foch Quarter Seffion.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Clerk of the Peace or Clerk of the

hit Deputy (wherever Two or more Juftices fhall fit apart at any Peace to ap-

Qsarter Seffion) (hall be authorifed and required to appoint a fit and

fuffident Perfon to record the Proceedings lo had before the Juftices ^X)ceed»J

fitting apart; and fuch Proceedings fhall be delivered over to the suri sepiu^

Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, and fhall be equally deemed to Court.

be a Part of the Records of fuch Seflion, as if the fame Proceedings

had been recorded by the Clerk of the Peace himfelf; and it fhall be Quarter Sea-

lawfulfor the Juftices affembled at the Quarter Seflion to make an “ons

Order upon the Treafurer of the County to pay to the Clerk of the

Peace Inch Sum or Sums of Money aa they fhall deem a fit and nente Qeik rf

reafosable Remuneration to the Clerk of tfie Peace for fuch Purpofe tbs Few*.

mforefoid; and it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftices to appoint an

•dditfoual Cryer, aad to grant him fuch Remuneration for his Care

'	and

so

59° GEO. m.

Duties on Mineral Alkali, &c. to cease, and instead thereof, the Duties described in Table (A.) to be paid.

Importers not compelled to pay Duties of Goods warehoused under 43 <*.3. 0.13a.

Articles secured in Warehouse under 43 G. 3. c. 231. and taken out after 29th March 18x9, only to pay the said Duties.

C. 26, 29.

A.D. 1819.

and Pains as they (hall deem reasonable, which (hall in like manner be paid by the Treafurer of the County.

CAP. XXIX.

An A3 to repeal the Duties on Mineral Alkali* and on Articles containing Mineral Alkali and other Articles, and to impofe other Duties in lieu thereof.	[19th	May 1819.]

*	XT7 HE REAS it is expedient that the Duties of Cuftoms pay-

*	VV able on the Importation into that Part of the United King-4 dom called Great Britain on Mineral Alkali, and on Articles 4 containing Mineral Alkali, whereof Mineral Alkali is the moft 4 valuable rart, and alfo on Barilla, Kelp and Natron, (hould be

*	repealed, and that other Duties of Cuftoms (hould be impofed in 4 lieu thereof on Mineral Alkali, and on Articles containing Mineral 4 Alkali, imported into that Part of the United Kingdom called 4 Great Britain s* Be it therefore ena3ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Twenty ninth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, the Duties of Cuftoms payable by Law upon Mineral Alkali, and on Articles containing Mineral Alkali, whereof Mineral Alkali is the moft valuable Part, and alfo on Barilla, Kelp and Natron, imported into that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, do ceafe and determine, fave and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering or paying Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which (hall have been incurred at any time before or on the Twenty ninth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ; and that from and after the faid Twenty ninth Day of March, in lieu and inftead of the Duties hereby repealed, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected and paid unto His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, a Duty of Cuftoms on Alkali, and on Articles containing Alkali, imported into that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, according to a Table annexed to this Act marked(A.): Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to compel the Importers, Proprietors or Confignees of any of the aforefaid Articles to pay the Duties upon the Importation and landing thereof, in cafe fucn Importers, Proprietors or Confignees (hail lodge and fecure the fame under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchant, under the Regulations required by an A3 paffed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Mmefty, intituled An A8 for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be fecured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Duties, and no other, (hall be charged and payable on any of the faid Article®, which having been warehoufed or otherwife fecured under the Authority of the aforefaid A3 of Parliament without Payment of Duty, (hau be taken out of any fuch Warehoufe or Place wherein the fame (hall have been lodged or fecured, for the purpofe of being ufed or con-fumed in this Kingdom, after the faid Twenty ninth Day of March, notwithftanding the fame may have been imported into this Kingdom on or before the faid Twenty ninth Day of March.

III. And

AJJ.1S19.

5ft* GEO. Ill

C .29.

81

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Duty of Cuftoms mated by this A & (hall and may be managed, afcertained, railed, levied, colle&ed, anfwered, paid and recovered, in fuch and the like manner as the Duties on the faid Articles hereby repealed were or nuvlit be managed, afcertained, raifed, levied, colle6ted, anfwered, paid and recovered, and the Goods (hall be fubie& and liable to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Keftri&ions, Seizures and Forfeitures, as fuch Goods were fubje& and liable to by any A 61 or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the faid Twenty ninth Day of March.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed. That all Monies ariiing from the Duties impofed by this A&, the neceffary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted, (hall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wcjlminjler, and (hall be appropriated and applied in the fame manner as the Duties of Cuftoms impofed on die like Goods, under the Head of Permanent Duties, were dire&ed to be appropriated and applied.

V.	And be it further ena&ed. That this A& may be altered, amended or repealed, by any A& or A&s to be made in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

TABLE (A.) to which this A& refers.

Duty.	Drawback.
£ /. d.	£ /. d.
0114	00  O
O 15 0	0 7 6
0 18 4	0  VO
I 3 4	0 11 8
1 10 0	0 15 0
0  0  00	

Alkali, videlicet,

—	Any Article containing Soda or

Mineral Alkali, whereof Mineral Alkali is the mod valuable Part, (fuch Alkali not being otherwife particularly charged with Duty,) imported in a Briti(h Ship, if not containing a greater Proportion of fuch Alkali than Twenty per Centum, -	- the Cwt.

—	■ ■■ If containing more than Twenty

per Centum and not exceeding Twenty five per Centum of fuch Alkali, - the Cwt.

------If containing more than Twenty

five per Centum and not exceeding Thirty per Centum of fuch Alkali, - the Cwt.

------If containing more than Thirty

per Centum and not exceeding Forty per Centum of fuch Alkali, -	- the Cwt.

----— If containing more than Forty

per Centum of fuch Alkali, the Cwt. -

------- If imported in a Foreign Ship,

an additional Duty per Cwt. of

Duties how levied.

Application of the Money arising from Duties.

Act altcre 1, &c. this Session.

59Geo.HL

G

CAP.

C. SO, SI.

89* GEO. III.

A.D. 1819

i

CAP. XXX.

55	G. 3. c. 15a. §i-

56	G. 3. c. 14a.

§16.

57	G.3. c. 13a. § 15.

58	G.3. c. zox. §a3-

An Adi for veiling in Commiflioners the Line of Road from Shrcwjbury in the County of Salop) to Bangor Ferry in the County of Carnarvon, and for difcharging the Truflees under feveral Adis of the Seventeenth, Twenty eighth. Thirty fixth, Forty firft, Forty fecond, Forty feventn, and Fiftieth Years of His prefent Majefty (a), from the future Repair and Maintenance thereof; and for altering and repealing fo much of the faid Adis as afFedls the faid Line of Road.

[19th May 1819.]

(a) 17 G. 3. c. 99.	28G.3-r.96*	36G.3.	r.147.	41G.3.

(U. K*) c. cxxii. 42 G. 3. c. li. 47 G. 3. feff. 2. r. xii. 50 G. 3. r. lii.

[Tolls between Shrewfbury and the Ten Mile Stone to ceafe, and new Tolls granted, § 29. Tolls between Ten Miles from Shrewfbury on the Road to Ofweitry and the Boundary of the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh to ceafe, and new Tolls granted, $ 36. Tolls between the faid Boundary and Cerrig y Druidion to ceafe, and new Tolls granted, $ 40. Tolls between Cerrig y Druidion and Aber y Pwll to ceafe, and new Tolls granted, § 43. His Majefly and The Royal Family exempt from Toll, § 61. Road from Bangor Ferry to Holyhead given up by Commijfioners aQing under 55 G. 3. c. 152. to Commifjioners under this A3, r. 48. § 43. pojl, and Powers of 55 G. 3. c. 152. for obtaining Materials, &c. extended to Commifnoners under this A3, c. 48. 5 50. pq/l. Monies arifing from Tolls after Payment therein men-Turned) to be applied by Commijfioners under this A3 as therein mentioned, c. 48. § 58. pofl. Commijfioners under this A3 to lay certain Accounts before Parliament, c. 48. § 61. pojl. ]

CAP. XXXI.

An Adi to enable certain Commiflioners fully to carry into eflefi feveral Conventions for liquidating Claims of Britifb Subjedls and others, againft the Government of France.

[19th May 1819.]

By Fourth ad- * TT7HEREAS, by the Fourth additional Article of the Defini-ditional Article * VV tive Treaty of Peace between His Majefty and His Moft of Treaty, « Chriftian Majefty, concluded at Paris on the Thirtieth Day of ifrT* Oaims * *^*7 One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, it was ftipulated of British Sub- * that, Immediately after the Ratification of the faid Treaty, the jects on France * Sequefters which, fince the Year One thoufand feven hundred and to be examined. « ninety two, had been laid on the Funds, Revenues, Credits or any c other Effedts wnatfoever of the High Contra&ing Parties, or of < their Subjedls, fhould be taken off; and that Commiflioners, men-

*	tioned in the Second additional Article of the faid Treaty, ftiould

*	undertake the Examination of the Claims of His Britannic Ma-

*	jefty’s Subjedls upon the French Government, for the Value of ‘ Property, moveable or immoveable* illegally confifcated by the

• French

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.3I.

83

4 French Authorities ; as alfo of the total or partial Lofs of the Debts

*	<Jue to them, or other Property illegally detained under Sequefter,

*	fince the Year One thoufand feven hundred and ninety two : And By Ait- 9. of

*	Whereas by the Ninth Article of the Definitive Treaty of Peace Treaty, dated

*	between France and the Allied Powers, concluded at Paris on

4 the Twentieth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred ^^co^Ued,

*	and fifteen, it is ftipulated, that the High Contra&ing Parties ami Xwo Con-

*	having caufed Representation to be made of the different Claims ventions en-4 arifing out of the Non Execution of the Nineteenth and following tfered into.

c Articles of the Treaty of the Thirtieth Day of May One thoufand 4 eight hundred and fourteen, as well as of the additional Articles 4 of that Treaty, figned between Great Britain and France, defiring

*	to render more efficacious the Stipulations made ^thereby ; ana

*	having determined, by Two feparate Conventions, the Line to be 4 purfued on each Side for that rurpofe, the faid Two Conventions

*	annexed to the faid Treaty fhould, in order to fecure the com-4 plete Execution of the aforementioned Articles, have the fame

*	force and effect as if the fame were inferted Word for Word

€ therein : And Whereas by a Convention concluded in conformity to Guarantee 4 the faid Ninth Article of the principal Treaty between HisMajefty Fund pro-

*	and His Moft Chriftian Majefty, relative to the Examination and ducing

*	Liquidation of the Claims of the Subje&s of His Majefty againft 3»Jco,ooo Fr.

*	the Government of France, and figned at Paris on the fame Day, ^ canmiZ 4 it was ftipulated, * That a Capital producing an Intereft of Three sionera.

*	millions five hundred thoufand Francs, commencing from the Twenty

*	fecond Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen,

4 (honld be mferibed as a Fund of Guarantee in the Great Book

*	of the Public Debt of France, in the Names of Two or Four 4 Commiffioners, the One Half Englijh and the other Half French,

*	chofen by their refpe&ive Governments ;* and by the Twelfth

*	Article 01 the faid Convention, certain Periods were appointed for

*	bringing forward their refpc&ive Claims by His Majefty *s Subje&s,

1 after the Expiration of which Period they were no longer to have 4 the benefit of the Liquidation provided by the faid Convention :

4 And Whereas by an additional Article annexed to the faid Con- Bourdeaux > vention, it was ftipulated, that the Commifllon inftituted by the faid Chums.

1 Convention fhould proceed to the Liquidation of the Claims of the

*	Sabie&B of His Britannic Majefty, founded on a Decifion of His 4 Molt Chriftian Majefty, relative to the Britifh Merchandife intro-1 dneed into Bourdeaux, in conformity to the Tariff of Cuftoms pub-4 lifted in the above mentioned City by His Royal Highnefs the

*	Duke D’Angoulrme, on the Twenty fourth Day of March One

4 thoufand eight hundred and fourteen: And Whereas by another Convention of 1 Convention concluded at Paris on the faid Twentieth Day of No- octh Nov.

4 vernier (Jne thoufand eight hundred and fifteen fin conformity to as to ‘ the Ninth Article of tne faid principal Treaty), relative to the ‘ Examination and Liquidation of the Claims upon the French	of

4 Government by Subje&s of the Allied Sovereign Powers of Great the Allied So-4 Britain, Autria, RuJJia and PruJJia, it was agreed, that His Moft yereigns. N 4 Chriftian Majefty fhould caufe to be liquidated, in the manner there-1 inafter fpecined, all Sums which France fhould be found to owe in 4 Countries out of her Territory ; and by the Fifth Article of the laft 4 mentioned Convention it was agreed, that a Commiffion of Liquida-4 tion fhould be appointed for the Examination of fuch Claims $ and

G 2	*	by

84

C. 31.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Commission of 2 th Dec. 1815, for carrying into Execution the First Convention.

Proceedings of Commissioners.

Commission of ijth Dec. 1816, for executing Second Convention.

by the Twentieth Article of the faid laft mentioned Convention it was ftipulated, that on the Firft Day of January then next following, there fhould be infcribed as a Guarantee Fund in the Great Book of the Public Debt of France, a Capital producing Three millions five hundred thoufand Francs yearly Revenue, with Poffef-fion, from the Twenty fecond Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, in the Name of Two, Four or Six Commiflioners, One Half the Subje&s of His Mod Chriftian Majefty, and the other Half of the Allied Sovereign Powers ; which faid Com- j milIioner8 were to be chofen and appointed, namely, One, Two j or Three by the French Government, and One, Two or Three by the Allied Powers ; and by the Sixteenth Article of the faid Convention a certain Period was appointed for the Presentation of the Claims of the Subje&s of the Allied Powers, after the Expiration of which Period they were to forfeit all Right to Claim and Recovery : And Whereas His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, adling in the Name and on the behalf or His Majefty, was pleafed by a Commiflion under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, bearing date the Twenty feventh Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, to appoint Cojin Alexander Mackenzie Efquire, George Lewis Newnbam Efquire, George Hammond Efquire, David Richard Morier Efquire, and James Drummond Efquire, to be His Commiflioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Dcpofit, for the purpofe of carrying into Effett, on the Part of His Majefty, the Provifions contained in the faid firft mentioned Convention of the Twentieth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, and the additional Article thereunto annexed : And Whereas the faid Commif-fioners have caufed to be infcribed in a Regifter, the Names of all the Claimants who presented themfelves within the Period pre-fcribed by the faid Convention, and have liquidated and caufed to be paid out of the faid Fund of Guarantee, producing Three millions five hundred thoufand Francs yearly Revenue, certain Sums, producing in the whole Two millions nine hundred and forty five thoufand eight hundred and ninety five Francs of yearly Revenue, to various rerfons fo infcribed in the faid Regifter, deducting therefrom the Sum of Two per Cent, on the Amount of all the Claims fo liquidated, for the purpofe of reimburfing to His Ma-jefty’s Government the Expences of the faid Commiftion ; fo that a Sum producing Five hundred and fifty four thoufand one hundred and five Francs yearly Revenue, ftill remains of the faid original Fund of Guarantee : And Whereas the faid Commiflioners did alfo liquidate divers Claims of the Britijh Merchants trading to Bour-deaux : And Whereas by another Commiflion under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, bearing Date the Thirteenth Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the behalf of His Majefty, was pleafed to * nominate and appoint George Hammond Elquire, George Lewis Nvwnham Efquire, Colin Alexander Mackenzie Efquire, David Richard Morier Efquire, and James Drummond Efquire, to be His Commiflioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Depofit, for the purpofe of carrying into Effc&, on the Part of His Majefty, the Provifions of the laid Convention fecondly mentioned, relative to

* the

59° GEO. 111.

C. 31.

85

A.D.1S19.

!

I

4 the Claims upon the French Government by the Subjects of the 4 feveral Allied Sovereign Powers : And Whereas the faid Commif-4 fioners, under the faid laft mentioned Commifiion, ha . o caufed to / be inferibed in a Regifter, the Names of all the Claimant o who 4 prefented themfelves within the Period prescribed by the Couven-

*	tion: And Whereas a Convention between His Majefty and His

*	Moft Chriftian Majefty, was figned at Paris, on the Twenty fifth 4 Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, for the 4 final Arrangement of the Claims of His Majefty’s Subjects upon

*	the Government of France; by the Firft Article of which faid

*	laft mentioned Convention it was agreed, that in order to effect 4 the Pivment and entire Extinction, as well of the Capital as of the

*	Interelt thereon due to the Subje&s of His Britannic Majefty,

4 and of which the Payment had been claimed in virtue of the ad-4 ditionai Article to the Treaty of the Thirtieth Day of May One

*	thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, and alfo in virtue of the 4 hereinbefore firft mentioned Convention of the Twentieth Day of 4 November One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, there fhould 4 he inferibed in the Great Book of the Public Debt of France, a 4 perpetual Annuity of Three Millions of Francs, reprefenting a 4 Capital of Sixty millions of Francs, and which Three millions 4 fhould bear lntereft from the Twenty fecond of March One 4 thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; and by the Second Article 1 of the faid laft mentioned Convention it was ftipulated, that fuch 4 Part of the Annuity as was then difpofable out of the Fund created 1 in virtue of the Ninth Article of the hereinbefore firft mentioned 4 Convention oF the Twentieth Day of November One thoufand eight 4 hundred and fifteen, together with all the lntereft accumulated 4 thereon fince the Twenty fecond Day of March One thoufand 4 eight hundred and fixteen, fhould be equally applicable to the 4 Payment of the faid Claims, and in confequence that the Infcrip-4 tions of the above mentioned Annuity fhould be delivered over to 4 the Commiffioners of His Britannic Majefty, immediately after the 4 Exchange of the Ratification of the faid Convention of the 4 Twenty fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and 4 eighteen ; and by the Third Article of the faid Convention of the 4 Twenty fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, 4 it was ftipulated, that the Annuity of Three millions of Francs, 4 which fhould be created in conformity to the above recited Firft 4‘Article of the faid Convention, fhould be divided into Twelve 4 Infcriptions of equal Value, all of which fhould bear lntereft from 4 the Twenty fecond Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and 4 eighteen, and fhould be inferibed in the Name of the Commif-4 fioners of His Britannic Majefty, or of thofe whom they fliall 4 appoint, and fhould be made over to them at the Rate of One of 4 each of fuch Infcriptions in each fucceffive Month, to begin from 4 the Day of the Exchange of Ratification of the faid Convention : 4 And Whereas a certain other Convention was concluded on the

4 faid Twenty fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and 4 eighteen, between His Britannic Majefty and His Moft Chriftian 4 Majefty, to which Convention the Emperors of Aujlria and of 4 Rujfia, and King of Pruffta, are all affenting Parties ; and by 4 the Firft Article of the faid laft mentioned Convention, for the 4 purpofe of effe&ing the total Difcharge of Debts contra&ed by

G 3	4	France



Proceedings of Commissioners.

Convention of 25th April t% l8, between. His Majesty and the Xing of France, for final Adjust* meat of Claims of British Subjects.

Convention of 25th April 1 of 8, as to Debts of France in Foreign Countries.

C. 31.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.I8I9*

86

Additional Articles of 4th July 1818, by which the Bourdeaux Claims were fixed at 4jo>'-oo Fr.

which has been paid to British Commissioners.

Commission of ljth June 1818, appointing Commissioners of Liquidation, &c. Under all the said Conventions.

4 France in Countries which do not form a Part of her prefect 4 Territory, with any Individuals, Corporations or Eftablimments 4 whatever, Payment of which Debts is claimed in virtue of the 4 Treaties of the Thirtieth Day of May One thoufand eight hundred 4 and fourteen, and of the Twentieth Day of November One thoufand 4 eight hundred and fifteen, the French Government engages to 4 caufe to be inferibed upon the Great Book of its Public Debt,

4 with Intereft from the Twenty fecond Dayof March One thoufand 4 eight hundred and eighteen, a Rente of Twelve millions and forty 4 thoufand Francs, reprefenting a Capital of Two hundred and forty 4 millions eight hundred thoufand Francs; and by the Seventh 4 Article of the faid laft mentioned Convention of the Twenty fifth 4 Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, it is agreed,

4 that the Rente, which (hall be created in virtue of the Firft Article 4 thereof, (hall be diftributed amongft certain Powers thereinafter 4 named as is therein provided; and the Amount of fuch Rente affigned 4 by the faid Article to the Ionian IJlands, the IJle of France and 4 other Countries under the Dominion of His Britannic Majefty,

4 is One hundred and fifty thoufand Francs: And Whereas certain 4 additional Articles to the hereinbefore mentioned Convention, be-4 tween His Majefty and HisMoft Chriftian Majefty, of the Twenty 4 fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, were 4 figned at Paris on the Fourth Day of July One thoufand eight 4 hundred and eighteen ; and by the Firft of the faid additional Arti-4 cles, the total Amount of the Payments to be made by France for 4 tfie Difcharge and entire Extinction of the Sums due to His Uri-4 tannic Majefty, refulting from the Decifion of His Moft Chriftian 4 Majefty relative to the Britijh Merchandise introduced into Bour-4 dcaux> m confequence of the Tariff of Cuftoms publifhed the Four-4 teenth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen,

4 was fixed at the Sum of Four hundred and fifty thoufand Francs;

4 and by the Second of the faid additional Articles it was agreed,

4 that the faid Sum of Four hundred and fifty thoufand Francs mould 4 be paid into the Hands of the Commiffioners appointed for the 4 purpofe by His Britannic Majefty, by certain Portions, fo that the 4 whole (hould be paid by the Firft Day of January One thoufand 4 eight hundred and nineteen: And Whereas the whole of the faid 4 Sum of Four hundred and fifty thoufand Francs has accordingly 4 been paid into the Hands of the Commiffioners appointed by the 4 hereinbefore recited Commiffion, dated the Twenty (eventh Dayof 4 jDecember One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen : And Whereas 4 His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, afting in the Name and 4 on the behalf of His Majefty, was pleafed by His Commiffion under 4 the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, 4 dated the Fifteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and 4 eighteen, to nominate and appoint Colin Alexander Mackenzie Efquire, 4 George Lewis Newnham Efquire, and George Hammond Efquire, to 4 be His Commiffioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, for 4 the purpofe of a&ing on behalf of His Majefty in England, according 4 to the Frovifions of all the faid hereinbefore recited feveral Conven-• tions, and to take into Confideration all the Claims of His Majefty’s 4 Subje&s, and of the Inhabitants of the Ionian IJlandst which may 4 have been at due times and in proper Form prefented to them ; and 4 to award the Payment of fuch Sums a? may appear to be juftly due

• to

AJX1SJ&

69° GEO. Ill

asi.

87

*	to His Majefty’s faid Subje&s, and to the Inhabitants of the Ionian

*	I)lands .• And Whereas His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent, Commission

*	adiog in the Name and on the behalf of His Majefty, was pleafed, of same Dete,

*	by His Commiffion under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom appointing

*	of Great Britain and Ireland, dated the faid Fifteenth Day of June

*	One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, to nominate and appoint 4 David Richard Morier Efquire, and James Drummond Efquire, to ‘ be His Commiffioners of Depofit, to receive from the Government 1 of His Moft Chriftian Majefty at Paris the Infcriptions to be de-

*	livered over to Briitfh Commiffioners in and by the (aid feveral Con-4 ventions hereinbefore mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient to 4 provide for the Execution of the Powers veiled in the faid feveral 4 Commiffioners Be it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That, in order to COmmisdoners enable the faid Commiffioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, of Liquidation to complete the Examination and Liquidation of the Claims of fuch empowered to Perfons who fhall have caufed their Names and Claims to be duly ^stribu^e ***• inferted in the hereinbefore mentioned Regifters, it fhall and may be ^r^b^the lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby authorifed and several Con-empowered, according to the Mode and Form which has hitherto ventions. been obferved, and fubje& to fuch and the like Dedu&ions of Two

per Cent• as have heretofore been made in the Liquidations already efie&ed, in manner aforefaid, to apportion, divide and diftribute the find feveral Sums of Money ftipulated by the faid feveral Conventions to be provided by France, and to order the fame to be paid to and among the feveral Claimants whofe Names are duly entered in the faid Regifters; and where fuch Claimants (hall have been or fhall be adjudged to be entitled to Payment in the whole or in part of their Demands, to pay the Sum adjudged to be due to them in full, if the Sums received and ftili to be received for that Purpofe from the French Government (hall be found fufficient for the Payment in full of all the Claims which fhall be adjudged to be within the true Intent and Meaning of the faid feveral Conventions, or any of them, or in part Payment thereof, in rateable Proportions, if tne faid Sums fhall be inefficient for the Payment of fuch Claims in full $ and that fuch Payment in full or in part, and any Reje&ion of any fuch Claims as fhall by the faid Commiffioners, or on Appeal to His Majefty in Council in manner hereinafter mentioned, be adjudged not t% be within the true Meaning and Intent of the faid Conventions or any of them, fhall be refpe&ively final and conclufive, and fhall be held to be a full and entire Difcharge of the French Government, and of His Majefty*»

Government, from any Demands in refpe& of any Claims falling within the Object and true Intent, Effe£k and Meaning of the faid Conventions or any of them, and which have been inferted in the faid Regifters during any Period allotted for that Purpofe by the feveral Conventions.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Commiffioners of Li- Commissioner* quidation, Arbitration and Award, before they fhall enter upon the to be sworn. Execution of this A&, fhall take an Oath before the Mafter of the Roll* for the time being, or One of His Majefty’s Juftices of thq Court of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, or Barons of the Exch quer for the time being, aad alio the faid Commiffioners of Depofit, during ,

G 4»	their

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Oath.

Commissioners of Liquidation to examine all Parties on Oath;

who are to attend.

False Evidence.

Perjury.

Power of the said Commissioners of Liquidation to meet and adjourn, and to summon Parties, &c.

His Majesty to fill up Vacancies in the Commissions, &c.

C.31.

their Refidence in France, before His Majefty’s Ambaffador at the Court of France, which they or either of them are hereby reflectively authorifed and required to adminifter, in the Form following y that is to fay,

*	T A. B. One of the Commiffioners of Liquidation, Arbitration

*	and Award £or Depofit, as the cafe may be~], appointed to carry

*	into effed the Provifions of feveral Conventions concluded between

*	His Majefty and His Moft Chriftian Majefty The King of France% € do fwear, that according to the bell of my Judgment and Know-

*	ledge, I will faithfully, impartially and truly execute the feveral

*	Powers and Trufts vetted in me by an Act of the Fifty ninth Year

*	of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An A3 [here infer*

*	the Title of this Ad,*] according to the Tenor and Purport of the

‘ faid Ad, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the faid ‘ feveral Conventions.	So	help	me GOD.*’

III.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or any Two of them, and they are hereby empowered and required, to examine* upon Oath (which Oath the faid Commiffioners, or any Two of them, are hereby authorifed to adminifter), all Perfons, whether Parties or Witneffes, whom the faid Commiffioners, or any Two of them, ftiall think fit to examine touching all fuch Matters and Things as fhall appear to them to be necefTary for the Execution of the Powers vetted in the faid Commiffioners by their Commiffion and this Ad ; and all fuch Perfons are hereby direded and required punduatly to attend the faid Commiffioners, at fuch time and place as they, or any Two of them, fhall appoint.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe any Perfon or Perfons upon Examination upon Oath before the faid Commiffioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or any Two of them refpedively, fhall wilfully and corruptly give falfe Evidence, every fuch Perfon fo offending and being thereof duly convided, fhall be and is and are hereby declared to be fubied and liable to fuch Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force in Great Britain Perfons convided of wilful and corrupt Perjury are fubjed and liable to.

V.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful foe the faid Commiffioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, and they, or any Two of them, are hereby authorifed, to meet and fit from time to tgpie at fuch Place as they, or any Two of them, fhall think proper, with or without Adjournment, and to fend their Precept or Precepts under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any Two of them, for any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, and for fuch Books, Papers, Writings or Records, as they fhall judge necefTary for their Information, in the Execution of the Powers vetted in the faid Commiffioners by their faid Commiffions, or by this Ad.

VI.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe of any Vacancy or Vacancies, by Death or Refignation, or otherwife, of any One or more of the faid Commiffioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or of the faid Commiffioners of Depofit, it fhall be lawful for His Majefty to nominate and appoint fuch Perfon or Perfons as His Majefty may think proper, to fupply fuch Vacancy or Vacancies ; and that every Perfon fo nominated and appointed to be a Commiffioner of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, fhall take the

Oath

AJ). 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 31.

89

Oath hereinbefore direfted; and every Perfon fo appointed under this Aft to be any Commiifioner upon any fuch Vacancy, (hall he held and considered to be, and (hall be in veiled with all fuch Powers as Commiffioners of the like Nature have and poiTefs under the Authority of the faid hereinbefore recited Commiffions and this Aft.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That when and fo foon as the faid Commiffioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or any Two of them, (hall at any time after the palling of this Aft adjudge or approve of the Claim of any Perfon or Perlons under the faid Conventions, or either of them, to be good and valid, in the Whole or in Part, and (hall have afcertained the Sum of Money to which any fuch Perfon or Perfons is or are then refpeftively entitled, the faid Commifiioners, or any Two of them, (hall make out or caufe to be made out, in fuch Form as they (hall think fit, an Order or Orders for the Payment or Liquidation of fuch Claim, either in Whole or in Part, either by authorising the faid Commifiioners of Depolit to transfer to fuch Claimant or Claimants fuch Part of the Sum or Sums remaining infcribed in the Great Book of thePublic Debt of France, in the Names of the faid Commifiioners of Depofit, as (hall be fpe-cified in fuch Order or Orders, or by authonling the Claimant or Claimants to receive any Sum or Sufns of Money, as the cafe may require; and the faid Commifiioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, (hall annex their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any Two of them, to fuch Order or Orders, and (hall caufe the fame.to be delivered to the Perfon or Perfons refpeftively entitled thereto, or to the Agent or.Agents of fuch Perfon or Perfons; and fuch Perfon or Perfons, or their refpeftive Agent or Agents, (hall give to the faid Commifiioners fuch Receipts or Acquittances for the lame, as the faid Commifiioners, or any Two of them, (hall from time to time direft or require.

VIII.	And*be it further enafted, That any Order or Orders of •the (aid Commifiioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or any Two of them, (hall at any time be fufficient Authority for the Transfer or Payment of any Sum or Sums mentioned in fuch Order or Orders, to the Parties declared to be entitled to the fame by fuch Order or Orders ; fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch Appeal to His Majefty in Council as is hereinafter mentioned and provided for.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That every Order made by the faid Conuniflioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or any Two of them, under this Aft, (hall be transferable by the Indorfement thereon and Signature of the Perfon or Perfons to frhom the fame (hall be made and given by the faid Commifiioners, or of any Perfon or Perfons holding the fame under any fuch Indorfement thereof as aforefaid, attefled by Two credible Witnefles to fuch Indorfement refpeftively ; and no fuch Order or Indorfeemnt thereon (hall be fubjeft to any Stamp Duty.

‘ X. And Whereas Queftions may arife on the Conilruftion of the 1 faid feveral Conventions, or otherwife, for which it may be expedient 1 to provide that there (hall, in fpedal Cafes, be a Liberty of Appeal 1 allowed from any Award, Judgment, Determination or Order of 1 the (aid Commifiioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, to V His Majefty in Council, fubjeft to the Conditions and Reftriftions * hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore enafted, That if any Claimant or Claimants fiuil be diflatisfied with any Award, Judgment, Deter

mination

Commissioners of Liquidation to make Order on Commissioners of Deposit for Payment of Claims.

Orders to be under Hands and Seals of Two Commissioners at least.

Orders of Commissioners-to be a sufficient Authority.

Orders of Commissioners of Liquidation made transferable by Indorsement and Signature.

Appeal from Award of Commissioners to His Majesty in Council



90

C. SI.

59° GEO. IlL

A. D. 1819.

Appellant to give Security.

Judgment upon Appeal final.

Costs.

Costs of defending such Appeal to be provided for by Treasury.

Commissioners not liable to Costs, &c.

No new Evidence admitted.

Orders may be made for regulating App«l*

Power of Com-

pended on such Claims during Appeal.

mination or Order of the faid Commiffionera on his, her or their Claims, on any Point or Points which, according to the Regulations in this Aft contained, (hall be deemed a fit Subjeft of fuch Appeal, it (hall be lawful for fuch Claimant or Claimants, or for his, her or their Agent or Agents duly appointed refpeftively, within Three Calendar Months from the Day on which fuch Award, Judgment, Determination or Order (hall be made and notified to him, her or them, to appeal therefrom to His Majefty in Council, upon giving Security by Bond to His Majefty in One hundred Pounds, to pro-fecute the laid Appeal, and to anfwer fuch Coft9 as fhall be awarded againft fuch Appellant or Appellants therein ; and that it fhall be lawful for His Majefty in Council to hear and finally determine fuch Appeal, and to rcfcind, alter or confirm fuch Award, Judgment, Determination or Order of the faid Commifiioners, in the Whole or in Part, and to certify the Judgment or final Decifion on fuch Appeal to the faid Commifiioners, and further to award fuch Cofts as His Majefty in Council fhall deem fit and proper to be paid by fuch Appellant or Appellants refpeftively, which Cofts fhall be applied towards defraying the Expences incurred in defending fuch Appeal or Appeals, as hereinafter direfted.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, to authorife and empower any Perfon or Perfons to defend fuch Appeal on the part of the faid Commifiioners of Lquiidatkm, Arbitration and Award; and that the Expences of defending the fame fhall be borne and paid in the fame manner, and out of the lame Fund, as the Law Expences of the Crown are paid; and that the faid Commifiioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, fhall not be put to or be held liable to any Cofts or Expences relative to any fuch Appeal.

XII.	And be it further enafted. That no new or additional Evidence (hall be produced or received on any fuch Appeal, but the (aid Appeal fhall be heard and finally determined upon the Evidence produced, taken or proceeded upon in the cafe before the Commifiioners of Liquidation, Arbitration1 or Award, and none other.

XIII.	And be it further enafted. That it fhall be lawful for His Majefty in Council to make fuch Orders as His Majefty fhall think fit, refpefting the Nature and Defcription of fuch fpeoal Cafes in which it fhall be deemed proper that fuch Liberty of Appeal as afore-faid fhall he allowed, and further from time to time to make fuch Rules and Regulations refpefting the Form and Manner of proceeding on fuch Appeals, as fhall be deemed necefiary or expedient.

XIV.	And be it further enafted. That the Powers by this Aft given to the faid Commifiioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or to the faid Commifiioners of Depofit, or any other Perfon or Perfons, for carrying into effeft any Award, Judgment, Determination or Order of the faid Commifiioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, fhall from the time, when Notice of Appeal on any fuch Award, Judgment, Determination or Order (hall be duly

Sven to them, be fulpended on fuch Claim or Claims in which any ch Appeal or Appeals fhall be interpofed, until the Judgment or Decifion of His Majefty in Council fhall be had thereon and certified to the faid CoiqiniiUoners, end that fuch Judgment or Decifion of

His

A. D. 1819.

39* GEO. III.

C. 31.

91

His Majefty in Council (hall be finally binding and conclufive on the faid Commiffioners refpedlively, and on all PerTons ; and that the faid Commissioners Commiffioners refpedlively, and all other Perfons, (hall, fo foon as the execute faid Judgment or Decifion of His h^ajefty in Council (hall be certified	***

to them, on any fuch Award, Judgment, Determination or Order fo V appealed from, proceed therein, and do and execute all fuch A61b,

Matters and Things as (hall be neceflary to be done and executed for carrying the faid Judgment or Decifion of His Majefty in Council into efifeA, and in the fame manner as the faid Commiffioners refpec-tively oar other Perfons are empowered to a& for carrying into effedt any Award, Judgment, Determination or Order made by the faid Cammiffioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, under the Provifions of this Ad.

XV. And be it further ena&ed, T	^

Commiffioners of Liquidation, Arbitration ana /iwara inau not De misaoners of* able to decide as to the Perfon or Perfbns legally entitled to receive Deposit to sell the Amount, or any Part of the Amount, of any Claims adjudged French Inscrip-or approved by them, or the Competency of any luch Perfon or Per- tion> an<* trans-fons to give a valid and efit&ual Receipt and Difcharge for the fame,	^

then and in every fuch Cafe as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful to and for misJonere°of" the faid Commiffioners of Depofit, under the Authority of His Ma- Liquidation, jetty’s Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and of the who may order Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of 8an“e.t0 be Great Britain and Ireland^ or any Three of them, to fell and difpofe cf any fuch Part of any Capital inferibed in the faid Great Book of Accountant* the Public Debt of France, in purfuance and for the purpofes of the General of tha feveral Conventions hereinbefore recited, not appropriated to any Court of other Claimants, as will be equal to the Amount of any fuch difputed Chancerjr in Claims, and to transfer the Proceeds of fuch Sale to England, to E^Jund. °* the (aid Commiffioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, for 8 the purpofe of being applied to the Satisfadfcion of any fuch difputed Claims; and it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners of Liquidation, Arbitration ana Award, under the Authority aforefaid, to order any Part pf any of the Proceeds of any Part of the faid Capital which may have been previoufiy invefted in Exchequer Bills or other Public Securities, under the Provifions in this A& contained, as may be equal to the Amount of any fuch difputed Claims, to bf fold; and in either Cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, to diredfc that the Sum or Sums of Money arifing from any fuch Sale (hall be paid into the Bank of England> in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties claiming- to be entitled thereto, fubjedt to the Order, Controul and Difpofition of the faid Court of Chancery, which iaid Court of Chancery, on the Application by Motion or Peti-tion of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of may make Money, or any Part thereof, (hall be and is hereby empowered, in a Order therein luminary Way of Proceeding or otherwife, as to the fame Court (hall uP°n Motion, feem meet, to order the fame to be laid out and invefted in the Public Fund^ or other Public Securities bearing Intereft, and to dire61 the on’ Diftribution thereof, and Payment of the Dividends or Intereft thereof, according to the refpedfive Interefts of the Perfon or Perfons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the

arife between any Parties interefted

7

Premises

C.31.

59° GEO. IIL

A.D. 1819.

Application of Remains of Capital in the Great Book of Public Debt of France in the Hands of Commissioners of Deposit.

I

Commissioners not to be deemed Public Accountants; but their Accounts to be Subject to Examination of Treasury.

Commissioners to publish Lists of Claims investigated.

Premifes as to the faid Court (hall feem juft and reafonable; and the Cafhier or Calhiers of the Bank of England, who fhall receive fuch Sum and Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received, to luch Per-fon or Perfons as (hall pay any fuch Sum or Sums of Money into the faid Bank as aforefaid.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That during the time that any Capital infcribed in the Great Book of the Public Debt of France, in purfuance and for the purpofes of the feveral Conventions hereinbefore recited, or any Part of fuch Capital, fhall remain in the Names of the faid CommiiIioner8 of Depofit, and fhall not have been appropriated to the Liquidation of any Claims of His Majefty’s Subjeds, under-the faid Conventions, or any of them, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners of Depofit, on receiving Diredions to fuch effect from His Majefty’s Principal Secretary «of State for Foreign Affairs, and from the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, to fell and difpofe of the Whole or any Part of fuch Capital fo infcribed in the faid Great Book of the Public Debt of France, and fo unappropriated, and to transfer the Proceeds of fuch Sale to England, to the Commiflioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, under this Ad, to be by them invefted in Exchequer Bills or other Public Securities bearing Intereft, for the purpofes of being applied to the Payment or Liquidation of any fuch Claims, or in cafe all fuch* Claims fhall be paid or liquidated, for fuch other Purpofes as the laid Commiflioners of the Treafury for the time being, or any Three of them, fhall dired the faid Commiflioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, to apply the fame; and all fuch Exchequer Bills, or other Public Securities bearing Intereft, fhall be depofited in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Englandy to the Account of and in the Names of the Commiflioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, under this Ad, and fhall be and remain in the Names of fuch Commiflioners for the time being, to be fold, and the Produce thereof paid and applied for the Purpofes above fpecified.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or the faid Commiflioners of Depofit, fhall not, nor fhall any of fuch Commiflioners be deemed Public Accountants, in refped of any fuch Sums as aforefaid; but all the Accounts of the faid Commiflioners, either as to the Depofit or Receipt or Diftribution of the faid Sums, and all Matters and Things relating to the Execution of the faid Commiflion, fhall be fubjed to the Examination and Audit of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, for the time being.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded. That the faid Commiflioners fhall caufe to be publifhed in The London Gazette, within Fourteen Days after the Fifth Day of July and Fifth Day of January in each Year, until the Purpofes of this Ad are completed, a Lift of all the Claims which fhall have been inveftigated and decided, either by the Admiflion thereof in the Whole or in Part, or by the Reie&ion thereof.

CAP.

A.D.1819.

50° GEO. III.

C. 32.

93

I

CAP. XXXII.

An Aft to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty two, and amend fo much of an Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for granting, until the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred ^nd nineteen, additional duties of Excife in Great Britain, as relates to Tobacco and SnufF and certain Excife Licences.	[19th	May	1819.]

4 YT7HEREAS an Aft was made in the Fifty fifth Year of the 4 VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for granting 4 to His Majefty until the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred 4 and nineteen, additional Duties of Excife in Great Britain, on Sweets, 4 Tobaccoj Snuff and Excife Licences: And Whereas it is expedient

*	that the fame (hould be further Qpntinued, fo far as relates to To-4 bacco and SnufF, and to the feveral annual additional Sums for and 4 upon Licences to be taken out by .every Auftioneer, Common

*	Brewer, Maker of Wax or Spermaceti Candles, Dealer in or Seller 4 thereof not being a Maker, Chandler or Maker of Candles other 4 than Wax or Spermaceti Candles, Trader in or Vender or Seller 4 of Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts or Chocolate, Glafs Maker, Tanner,

*	Tawer, DrefTer of Hides and Skins in Oil, Currier, Maker of Vel-

*	lum or Parchment, Maltfter, Maker of Metheglin or Mead, Maker 4 of Paper or Pafteboard, Paper Stainer, Trader in and Vender or 1 Seller of Gold or Silver Plate, and Pawnbroker, and Refiner of 4 Gold or Silver, Calico Printer, and Printer, Painter or Stainer of

*	Silks, Linens, Cottons or Stuffs, Maker of Soap, Diftiller or 4 Maker of Low tVines or Spirits, Reftifier of Spirits, Dealer in 4 Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, not being a Retailer in Great 4 Britain, or a Wholefale Seller of or Dealer in plain Aqua Vitae only 4 in Scotland\ Wholefale Seller of or Dealer in Aqua Vitae only in 4 Scotland, not being a licenfed Diftiller, Reftifier, Compounder or 4 Retailer of Spirits, and not being a licenfed Dealer in Brandy or 4 other Spirituous Liquors, Starch Maker, Maker of Sweets or Made 4 Wines other than Mead, Retailer of British Made Wines or Sweets, 4 Manufafturer of Tobacco or Snuff, Dealer in or Seller of Tobacco 1 and Snuff, Maker of Vinegar, Retailer of Foreign Wine, and Wire 4 Drawer refpeftively, as enumerated and deferibed in the Schedule

*	of the faid Aft :f Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Conlent of the Lords

Sual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament )led, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Aft, fo far as aforefaid, fhall from and after the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty two.

4 II. And Whereas by the faid Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year , 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, the Sum of Two Pounds Six 4 Shillings is granted and impofed for and upon every Licence to 4 be taken out, according to the Laws in fuch Cafe made and pro-4 rided, by every Perfon trading in, vending or felling any Gold or 4 Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares in which any Quantity of 4 Gold exceeding Two Pennyweights and under Two Ounces in

• Weight,

SS G.3. c.30.

Recited Act, so far as respects Tobacco and Snuff and certain Excise Licences, continued.

55 G. 3. c. 3 c. Sch. (A.)

94

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

t Sic.

Persons selling Silver or Gold Watches, in which are contained a certain Quantity of those Metals, not liable to the Licence Duty of iL 6s. granted by recited Act.

Gold or Silver Goods offered for Sale, &c. to be deemed as such according to 55 G. 3. c. 30. and 43 G. 3. e.69.

Act altered, &c. this Session.

C. $2, S3.

4 Weight, or any Quantity of Silver exceeding Five Pennyweights * and under Thirty Ounces in Weight, in any One feparate and dif-4 tinG Ware or Piece of Goods, is or are or lhall be manufaGured :

4 And Whereas it is expedient that fuch Sum of Two Pounds Six 4 Shillings (hould not extend to or be paid by any Perfon who fhall 4 trade m, vend or fell Silver or Gold Watches, but ft all not fefl 4 any other Gold or Silver Plate, or any other Goods or Wares in 4 which any Quantity of Gold exceeding Two Pennyweights and 4 under Two Notices f in Weight, or any Quantity of Silver exceed-4 ing Five Pennyweights and under Thirty Ounces in Weight, in any 4 One feparate or diftinG Ware or Piece of Goods, is or are or (hall 4 be manufactured / Be it therefore enaGed^ That from and after the paffing of this AG, no Perfon trading in, vending Or felling Silver or Gold Watches, and who lhall not trade in, vend or fell, or offer or expofe to Sale, any other Gold or Silver Plate, or any other Goods or Wares*- in which any Quantity of Gold exceeding Two Pennyweights and under Two Ounces in Weight, or any Quantity of Silver exceeding Five Pennyweights and under Thirty Ounces in Weight, in any One feparate and diftinG Ware or Piece of Goods, is or are or fhall be manufactured, (hall be required or liable to pay for or upon any fuch Licence as aforefaid, the laid Sum of Two Pounds Six Shillings by the faid recited ACt granted and impofed, any thing in the faid recited ACt or this ACt to the contrary thereof *notwith-ftanding.

4 Til. And for obviating all Difputes touching the Quantity or 4 Weight of Gold or Silver refpeCtively manufactured or contained 4 in any Ware or Piece of Goods/ Be it declared and enaCted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandise, which fhall be fold or offered for Sale, or taken in pawn, or delivered out as and for Gold or Silver refpeCtively, fhall be deemed and taken to be Gold or Silver respectively within the Intent and Meaning of the faid recited ACt of the Fifty fifth Year aforefaid, and of this ACt, and alfo of an ACt made in the Forty third Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for repealing the Duties of Excife payable in Great Britain, ana granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and of all other ACts now or which fhall hereafter be in force relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Excife.

IV. And be it further enaCted, That this ACt may be altered, amended or repealed by any ACt or ACts to be palled in this Sellion of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIII.

An AG to continue, until the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, feveral AGs of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of His prefent Majefty, refpe&ing the Duties of Cuftoms payable on Merchandife imported into Great Britain, from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies.	[19th May	1819.3

54 O. 3. c.36.	*	TT7HEREAS	an	AG,	parted	in	the Fifty fourth Year of the

4 W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to repeal the 4 Duties of Cuftoms payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported 4 into Great Britain from any Port or Place •within the Limits of the 4 Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England

4 trading

A.D; 1819.

59® GEO. III.

C. 99, 94.

95

4 trading to the Eaft Indies, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; 4 and to eJlabUJb further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue

*	on Goods fo imported; and to alter the Periods of making up and pre-

*	fading certain Accounts of the faid Company to Parliament; to continue 4 in force until the Tenth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and 4 nineteen: And Whereas another Adi was palled in the Fifty fifth

*	Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to make 4 farther Provifion refpeSing the Duties payable upon Eaft India Goods, 4 and to allow Bond to be given for Payment of the Duties upon fuch

*	Goods when imported by Private Traders ; which faid Adis are near 4 expiring and fit to be continued :9 Be it therefore enadled by The King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the laid Adis (hall, from and after the palling of this Adi, be continued in force, from and after the palling of this Adi, to the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one.

II. And be it further enadled, That this Adi may be altered, varied or repealed by any Adi or Adb to be palTed in tnis Selfion of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIV.

An A£k to amend and render more effe&ual fereral Adis for enabling the Commiffioners for the Redudlion of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities, and to empower the faid Com-mHEoners to grant Annuities for Lives or Tears, for promoting the beneficial Purpofes of the Fund commonly called The Waterloo Subfcription.	[19th May 1819.]

4 TT7 HE RE AS an A<ft was palled in the Forty eighth Year of

* W the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for 4 enabling the Comnujjioneri for the ReduSion of the National Debt to 4 grant Life Annuities; and which has been amended and rendered

*	more effedlual by feveral Adis palled for that Purpofe in the Forty 4 ninth. Fifty fecond. Fifty fixth, and Fifty feventh Years of the 4 Reign of His prefent Majefty (a): And Whereas it is expedient 4 that the faid Adb (hould be amended, and further Provifions made 4 for rendering the fame more effedlual: And Whereas by the faid 4 recited Adi, palled in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of Hir 4 prefent Majefty, it is among other things enadled, that upon the 4 Death of any fingle Nominee, or the Survivor of any Two joint 4 Nominees, a Sum equal to One Fourth Part of the Annuity depend-4 ing upon his or her Life (over and above all Arrears thereof re-4 fpedbvely ) fhall be payable to the Perfon or Perfons entitled to the 4 (aid Annuity, or to his or her Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns, 4 (as the cafe may be) on the Half yearly Day of Payment next fuc-4 ceeding the Death of fuch Nominee; and Doubts nave arifen as to 4 the time of paying the Arrears of fuch expired Annuities, and alfo 4 the Fourth Part thereofBe it therefore enadled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the lame. That upon the Pnodndtion, by the Perfon entitled to claim the Arrears of hich

(*)	3-^4- 5*G. 3.r. 129. 56G,3.	53. 57G.3. r.*6.]

expired

55 G. c. 10.

continued.

Act may be altered, Ac. this Session.

48 G. 3. c. X4«i

§15.

On Production of a Certificate of the Death of Nominee, with Affidavit of

96 #

Identity within the Periods herein mentioned, Officer to grant a Certificate, upon which the Bank shall pay the Arrears and the Fourth Part of the expired Annuity, if .claimed within Two Years after Death of Nominee.

Instead of the Certificates required by 57 G..V c. 26. marked ( A.) and (B.) the Forms (A.) and (B.) annexed to this Act to be used.

The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt may receive from the Trustees of the Waterloo Subscription, 'rVansfers of Loug Annuities as the Con-

C. 3*.	59°	GEO. III.	A.D.	1819.

expired Annuity, to the proper Officer appointed by the Com-miffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt under the laid recited A (El of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid, of a Certificate of the Death or Burial of fuch Nominee, together with an Affidavit in proof of the Identity of fuch Nominee according to the Directions of the laid recited A (Els, or any of them, within Twenty one Days immediately preceding the Fifth Day of January, Fifth Day of April, Fifth Day of July, or Tenth Day of 0Sober refpedlively in any Year, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Officer, and he is hereby authorifed and required, at the Period of making the Half yearly Payment of the faid Life Annuities next fucceeding the Pro-dudlion of fuch Certificate and Affidavit (whether fuch expired Annuity (hall or (hall not have been payable at fuch Half yearly Period), to grant to the Perfon producing fuch Certificate of Death or Burial, and fuch Affidavit of Identity as aforefaid, a Certificate in the Form fpecified in the Schedule to the faid recited Adi of the Forty eighth Year annexed, marked (G.) ; and upon the fame being lodged with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the laid Governor and Company fhall and they are hereby authorifed and required to pay the Arrears which fhall be due upon all or any Annuity or Annuities which fhall have depended upon the Life of luch tingle or furviving Nominee, and alfo tne Fourth Part of every fuch enired Annuity, in cafe fuch Fourth Part, fhall be claimed within Two Yean after the Death of. the Nominee, according to the Provifions of the faid A6t of the Forty eighth Year hereinbefore recited, to the Perfon or Perfon8 entitled thereto, whether fuch expired Annuity fhall or fhall not have been payable at fuch Half yearly Period, any thing in any Adi or Adis now in force to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithflanding.

4 II. And Whereas the Forms of Certificates in the Schedule to 4 the faid recited Adi of the Fifty feventh Year annexed, marked 4 (A.) and (B.), have not been found effedlualBe it therefore enadled, That from and after the palling of this Adi, the faid Forms of Certificate fhall be and the fame are hereby repealed; and that in all Cafes where, by the faid recited Adi, the laid Forms are required to be ufed and applied, the feveral Forms marked (A.) and (B.) in the Schedule to this Adi annexed fhall be ufed and applied mfleaa thereof: Provided always, that nothing in this Adi contained fhall be conflrued to prevent the Ufe of the faid Forms marked (A.) and (B.) in the Schedule to the faid recited Adi of the Fifty feventh Year annexed, for the feveral purpofes to which they are now applicable, notwithflanding the Repeal of the fame, until the Adoption in lieu thereof of the Forms marked (A.) and (B.) contained in the Schedule to this Adi annexed.

4 III. And Whereas certain Sums in Annuities (commonly called 4 Long Annuities) are now Handing in the Books of the Governor 4 and Company of the Bank of England, in the Names of certain 4 Perfons adling as Truflees of a Subscription denominated The 4 Waterloo Subfcription, under the Appointment of the Chairman and 4 Managers of the faid Subfcription ; and for the more effedlually 4 carrying into effedl the beneficial Purpofes of the faid Subfcription, 4 it may be expedient to allow Part of the faid Long Annuities to #4 be transferred to the Commiffioners for the Redudlion of the Na-4 tional Debt, as the Confideration for Annuities to be granted by the

4 faid

AJXl8lSi

59° GEO. III.

C. 34.

97

1 laid Conmuffidnlrs on the Lives of Perfons intended to be benefited rfcnr the fzid Subfcription, and to be nominated for that Purpofe, and

*	afro to allow Part of the faid Long Annuities to be transferred ‘ to the laid Commiffioners as the Confederation for other Annuities

*	to be granted for a limited Term or Number of Years, for the Ad-

*	vantage of Perfons intended to be benefited by fuch Subscription Be it therefore enafted, That it (hall and may hie lawful for the Commiffioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, at any time after the paffing of this Aft* from time to time to accept and receive from the Perfons afting as Truilees of the faid Waterloo Subfcription for the time being, the Transfer of any Long Annuities (landing in the Names of fuch Truftees as the Confideration for the Purchafe of Life Annuities upon the Continuance of (ingle Lives of Perfons of the Age of Twenty one Years or upwards, to be charged upon and payable out of the Funds created for the Redemption of the National Debt, commonly called the Sinking Fund, to be paid to the faid Truftees during the Angle Lives of any Perfons whom fuch Chairman and any Two Managers for the time being (hall nominate and appoint for that Purpofe, in manner hereinafter mentioned; fuch Annuities to be calculated according to the Rates fpecified and contained in the hud recited Afts of the Forty eighth and Fifty feeond Years of His prefent Majefty’s Reign; and alfo that it (hall and may be lawful lor the faid Commffioners, from time to time, to aecept and receive hum fuch Truftees for the time being, the Transfer of any Long Annuities (landing in the Names of fuch Truftees, as the Confideration far the Purchafe of Annuities for any limited Term or Number of Terns, to be charged upon and payable out of the faid Sinking Fund, ad to be paid to the faid Truftees according to fuch Rates and upon fuch Terms and Conditions as (hall be from time to time agreed upon between the faid Commiffioners and the faid Chairman and any Two Managers; and it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Truftees for the tarn being, and they are hereby refpeftiveiy authorifed and empowered, from time to time, to transfer the laid Long Annuities into the Names of the faid Commiffioners in the Books of the faid Governor and Company, for fueh Purpofes accordingly, under the Regulations in tin Aft contained.

••deration for the Purchase of Life Annuities and Annuities for Years.

How such Annuities to be calculated.

Transfer to be according to this Act

IV. And be it further enafted, That previous to the granting any Chairman, &c-life Annuities under this Aft, the Chairman and Managers for the of the Waterloo time being of the faid Waterloo Subfcription (hall produce, or (hall taafe to be produced, to the proper Officer of the Commiffioners for SfNominees; the Reduction of the National Debt, a Lift of the feveral Perfons and ttM" the* propofed to be nominated as the Perfons during the Continuance of Amount of whole refpeftive fingle Lives fuch Life Annuities (hall refpeftively L°ng Annuties depend, which Lift (hall contain the Chriftian and Surname of each and every fuch Perfon, together with his or her Refidence or Annuities, wfoal Place of Abode and Occupation, and alfo his or her Age, and the Amount of the Annuity or Annuities propofed to be purchafed on the Continuance of his or her Life refpeftively, clafied according to fuch Form as the faid Commiffioners (hall direft or approve ; and tie £dd Lift (ball be attefted by and under the Hands of the Cbarman and Two Managers of the faid Waterloo Subfcription for the time being, and alfo by their Secretary; and who (nail alfo fate and declare thereon the Amourit of the Long Annuities propofed tobe fo transferred as the Confideration for the laid Life Annuities;

S9 Gao. III.	H	and

jC. 34.

59° GEO. IIL

AJM81S.

Certificate to «Qthorise ..Transfer.

How Life An* nuitics to be computed.

Previous to purchasing of Annuities for Tears, Trustees shall produce a Declaration of the Amount of Long An-nuities to be transferred.

"Certificate to

authorise

Transfer.

On Production and Delivery at the Bank of the Certificates granted, and on Transfer of the Long Annuities, Cashier to grant a Receipt in the usual Form.

find fuch Lift, fo attefted as aforefaid, with the Statement find Declaration thereon as aforefaid, (hall be produced to the Officer of the faid Commiffioners, and (hall be kept and preferred, and fttall remain in the Office of the faid Commiffioners as a perpetual Record; and upon fuch Produ&ion of fuch Lift, Statement and Declaration to the faid Officer, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Officer, and he is hereby authorifed and empowered to grant (without further Evidence) a Certificate to the laid Chairman and Managers, or to any Perfon or Perfons applying on their behalf (a Duplicate of which Certificate (hall be tranlmitted by the faid Officer to die Governor and Company of the Bank of England,) to authorife the Transfer to the faid Commiffioners of fuch Sum or Sums of the had Long Annuities as (hall be fo ftated and declared to be the Con-fi deration for the Purchafe of the Life Annuities therein ftated $ qpd the Amount of the faid Life Annuities (hall be computed by the faid Officer according to the Tables of the Rates of Annuities granted upon the Continuance of fingle Lives, annexed to the faid recited A&s of the Forty eighth and Fifty fecond Years aforefaid.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That previous to the granting of any Annuity or Annuities for a limited Term or Number of Year% in purfuance of this Aft, the Truftees of the faid Waterloo Subscription for the time being (hall produce, or caufe to be produced, to the faid Officer of the Commiffioners for the Redu&ion of the Natjkmfil Debt, a Declaration attefted by and under the Hands of the Chairmsfi and Two Managers for the time being of the faid Subscription, and their Secretary, dating the Amount of the Long Annuities ptopofibj} to be transferred into the Names of the faid Commiffioners, as tbie Confideration for the Purchafe of any fuch Annuity or Annuities for a limited Term or Number of Years, and the Amount of the Annuity or Annuities for fuch limited Term or Number of Yeats, which the faid Commiffioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt (hall have agreed to grant in confideration of the Long Annuities fo propoled to be transferred; and the faid Officer fhali thereupon grant a Certificate to the {aid Chairman and Managers, or to the Perfon or Perfons applying on their behalf, to authorife the Transfer to the faid Commiffioners of fuch Sum or Sums of the faid Long Annuities as (hall be fpecifted in fuch Certificate, and a Duplicate of fuch Certificate (hall be tranfmitted by the faid Officer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England*

VI.	And be it further ena&ed. That upon the Produ&ion find Delivery at the Bank of England of the (everal Certificates to be granted by the Officer of the faid Commiffioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, in manner dire&ed by this A&, and upon the Transfer to the faid Commiffioners of the faid Long Annuities to be transferred as the Confideration for the Purchafe of the faid Ldfe Annuities, or for the Purchafe of the faid Annuities for Years (as the cafe may be), the Perfon producing fuch Certificate (hall be entitled to have a Certificate or Receipt from One of the Caffiiers of the faid Governor and Company, acknowledging fuch Transfer, which Certificate or Receipt One of fuch Cafhiers is hereby required tp

S've, according to the Form dire&ed to be ufed upon tne Transfer of ank Annuities or any other Annuities to the (aid Commiffioners for the Pucphafe .of Life Annuities, under the Pravifions of the hereinbefore recited A&s or any of them*

VII* And

A.1M8I&

59° GEO. lit

C.34.

99

VIL And be it farther ensued. That upon the Completion of the Transfer of any fuch Long Annuities, as the Confederation for the Purchafe of Life Annuities or of Annuities for Ytars, in purfuance of this Ad, the Truftees of the faid Waterloo Subfcription (hall be entitled to receive, during the Life of the Perfon or Perfons fo laminated as aforefaid, or during the Term of Years for which fuch Annuities (hall be granted (as the cafe may be), the Annual Amount of fuch Life Annuities or Annuities for Years as (hall be fpedfied in the Certificates to be granted as aforefaid, by the Officer of the laid Commiffioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt; and Annuities pay-all fuch Annuities, whether for Life or Years, fhall be payable Half aWe to Trustees yearly to the faid Truftees or to any of them, at the Bank of England,	yearly,

on the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of July in every Year, or on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of 0Sober in every Year, as the cafe may require; and the Firft Half yearly Payment of When the First ail filch Annuities fhall commence and be afcertained as follows; that Payment to bn t» to fey, in all Cafes where fuch Transfer fhall be completed between the Fifth Day of January and the Fourth Day of Aprils both inclufive, the Firft Half yearly Payment of fuch Annuities refpe&ively fhall be due and payable on the Fifth Day of July next following fuch Transfer; and in all Cafes where fuch Transfer fhall be completed between the Fifth Day of April and the Fourth Day of July, both iaduBve, the Firft Half yearly Payment of the faid Annuities refpe&ively fhall be due and payable on the Tenth Day of OSober next following fuch Transfer ; and in all Cafes where fuch Transfer (ball be completed between the Fifth Day of July and the Ninth Day of Odoba-, both inclufive, the Firft Half yearly Payment of the faid Annabel refpe&tively fhall be due and payable on the Fifth Day of iumrynext following fuch Transfer; and in all Cafes where fuch Transfer fhall be completed between the Tenth Day of OSober and the Fourth Day of January, both inclufive, the Firft Half yearly Payment of fuch Annuities refpe&ively fhall be due and payable on fee Fifth Day of April next following fuch Transfer; and after the Payment# Death of any Nominee, upon the Continuance of whofe Life any Arrears.

Aannity fhall have been granted in purfuance of this A&, all Arrears of the raid Annuity fhall be paid to the faid Truftees up to and upon tk Half yearly Day of Payment of fuch Annuity next following the Dsy of tne Deceafe of fuen Nominee.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all fuch Long Annuities hong Anmri-asftaH be transferred into the Names of the Commiffioners for the tiestrenfared feda&iaB of the National Debt for the purpofes of this A&, fhall

bora time to time, as the fame fhall arife and become due, be received by fee Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of Englandy and n ng un * Hull be placed to the Account of the faid Commiffioners in the Books of fee (aid Governor and Company ; and all Sums fo received fhall form and conftitnte Part of the Fund for the Redemption of the National Debt, commonly called the Sinking Fund, and fhall be applied from time to time by the faid Commiffioners in the fame ^Marnier and to fuch Purpofes as the feveral Sums compofing the find Fund are made applicable by any A& or A&s in force at the time of the palling of this A&.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed. That all Annuities, whether for Annuities Liras or Yean, which (ball be granted in purfuance of this A&, charged on the Ml be charged and chargeable on the Sinking Fund, and they are Sinking Fund

H 2	hereby	andearaedw

as*.;

50° geo. ill;

A.D.181&

•eparmte Ae-eounti.

Money set apart at the Bank to pay Annuities.

Half yearly Lists of deceased Nominees to be made out by Trustees.

List to be attested by Secretary to Chairman and Ma-nagera

On Production of Certificate remaining Annuities toHbe paid.

Half yearly

Amount to bo certified.

Receipt of Trustees su£-fieknt Dfc-

hereby refpeftively made chargeable thereon, and (hall be carried to diftinft and feparate Accounts in the Books of the Bank of England, and in the Books of the Commiflioners for the Redu6Hon of the National Debt, under the Titles of “ The Account of the Waterloo Subscription Life Annuities,” and €* The Account of the Waterloo Subscription Annuities for Yearsand it (hall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the faid Bank of England, and they are hereby authorised and required, to fet apart and retain from time to time out of the Monies commonly called the Sinking Fund, ftandinr upon the Account of the faid Commiflioners in the Books of the faid Governor and Company, a Sum Sufficient to fatisfy and pay all fucb Annuities, whether for Life or Years, to be granted in purfuance -of this A61, from time to time as the fame (hall become due and payable, according to the Direftions of this Aft.

X.	And be it further enafted, That previous to every Half yearly Payment of any Life Annuities granted under this Aft, there (hau be produced to the Officer of the Commiffioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, by or on behalf of the Truftees of the faid Waterloo Subscription for the time being, a Lift made up to the Fifteenth Day of the Month immediately preceding the Day upon which fuch Half yearly Payment (hall fall due, containing the Names of all fuch Nominees as, according to the beft of the Information and Belief of the faid Truftees, (hall have died within the Half Year ending upon the Day to which fuch Lift (hall be made up, which Lift mall be certified by and under the Hands of the Chairman for the time being, and of any Two Managers for the time, of the faid Subscription (Such Chairman and Managers not being the Perfons in &fcofe Names fuch Life Annuities (hall tnen be ftanding in the Books df the Bank), and fuch Lift (hall be attefted by the Secretary to the faid Chairman and Managers ; and upon the Produftion of the find Lift fo attefted and certified to the faid Officer, the faid Officer Audi and he is hereby required, at the ufual tones of paying the faid Annuities, to grant, without further Evidence, to fuch Truftees for the- time-being, or to One of them, a Certificate to enable the TrUftees to* receive the Life Annuities which (hall appear to be remaining due and payable, dedufting from time to time, according' to the Provifions of .this Aft, the Amount of fuch of the (aid Lire Annuities as (hall appear to be expired and no longer payable, in cotu Sequence of the’ Deceafe of any of the Nominees; and upon the Produftion of fuch Certificate, and the fame being lodged with tire Governor and'Company of the faid Bank, it (hall and may be lawful for the find Governor and Company, and they are hereby authorifed and required, 4o pay in One Sum to fuch Truftees, or to any One of them, out of the Monies to be retained and fet apart for that Purpofe as hereinbefore direfted, the Amount of all fuch Life Annuities as (hall appear to be then due: Provided always, that the faid Officer (hall* from time to time, previoufly to the tune of Setting apart the faid 'Monies, certify to the laid Governor and Company the Half yearly Amount of the faid Life Annuities which (hall be payable under or by virtue of this Aft.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That the Receipt of the Truftee or Truftees, who (hall receive any fuch Life Annuities or Annuities for Years, fhall at all times be a full, fuffident and final Difcharae to the, Governor and-Company of the Bank of England -for the

paying

cbargetotha

AJ). 1819

59° GEO. III.

C.S 4i

101

paying of fuch Annuities; and alfo to the faid Commiffioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, for all the Sums fo paid; and neither the faid Governor and Company nor the faid Commiffioners (hall in any manner whatsoever be refponftble or accountable for the Application, Misapplication or Non Application of the Sums fo paid ; any thing in any Aft or Aft#, or any otner Deed, Matter or Writing whatsoever to tne contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That no Life Annuities or Annuities Annuities for Years which (hall be granted in purfuance of this Aft*

(hall be tranaferrable or affignable, except only in Cafes where any tnnaiun&9 new Truftee or Truftees (hall be appointed by the Chairman and except on Ap-Coflmnttee of Managers for the time being of the faid Waterloo Sub- pointment of icription, according to the ufual Forms and Rules for appointing any new Trustees, new Truftee or Truftees under which the faid Subscription (hall be JmedL regulated, in the Room of any former Truftee or Truftees ; in which Caie only k (hall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby authorifed and required, to permit any exifting Truftee or Truftees to transfer the Whole of Inch Life Annuities or Annuities for Years (but not any Part or Share thereof) into the Names of new Truftees, or of the exifting Truftee or Truftees and fuch new Truftee, as the Cafe may require:

Provided always, that upon every fuch Change of Truftee or Truftees,

a Certificate (hall be produced at the Bank of England, by the Perfon

or Perfons applying to make fuch Transfer, attefted by and under

the Hands of the Chairman and Two Managers for the time being

of the (aid Waterloo Subscription, and their Secretary, dating tne

Appointment of fuch new Truftee or Truftees: Provided alfo, that

Notice of every fuch Transfer (hall be given to the Commiffioners

£nr the Reduftion of the National Debt,, within Six Days after any noaen.

fbcb Transfer (hall have been made by or on behalf of the Governor

and Company of the Bank of England, from time totirae, whenever

the fane (hall take place as aforefaid.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That an Account (hall be made Accounts#! lip to the Fifteenth Day of December One thoufand eight hundred

and twenty two, and to the Fifteenth Day of December in every delivered every Tear following, and (hall be certified by and under the. Hands of the Three Tears, Chairman and Two Managers, for the time being of* the faid Waterloo and to be.de* Subfcription, and their Secretary, ftating the refpeftive Amounts of ducted from the all fuen Life Annuities granted under this Aft, as (hall have

unclaimed from the faid Truftees, for the Space of Three Annuities.

Tears or upwards, and fuch Accounts (hall.be produced to the proper

Officer of the faid Commiffioners for the Reduftion of the National

Debt; and the faid Officer (hall, at the time of ascertaining the

Amount of the Life* Annuities payable under this Aft, on the Fifth

Day of January then next following, deduft from fuch Account the

Amount of all fuch Annuities as (hall have fo remained unclaimed

and unpaid: Provided always, that nothing in this-Aft (hall extend,

or be conftrued to extend, to defeat or prejudice the Right of the

laid Trufiees-to any fuch Annuity*, or to claim the Arrears and future

Payments thereof, upon the Production to the faid Officer of the faid

Ccnariffioom for the Reduftion of the National Debt, of a Certificate

attefted by and under the Hands of the Chairman and Two Managers	*

for the time being of the faid Waterloo Subscription (fuch Chairman

mb Managers not being Perfons in whofe Names any Annuities to

H 3	be

Expired Annuities to fall into the Sinking Fund.

No Taxes on such Annuities but such as Dividends may be liable to.

No Stamps on Certificates, Ac.

Pottos for purposes of this Act shall be directed or adapted by Cemnniaianem.

C. 341	59*	GEO. III.	AJ3.18M.

be granted under the Provilions of this Aft (hall be Handing,) and their Secretary, dating that the Perfon or Perfons upon whofe Life or Lives any fuch unclaimed Life Annuity (hall have been originally granted, appears, from fatisfaftory Evidence produced to them, to be then living ; and upon the Production of uich Certificate to the faid Officer, the faid Officer (hall within Six Days after the Receipt thereof, certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the total Amount of the feveral Life Annuities which (hall be fo reclaimed; and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Governor and Company, out of any Monies whatfoever which (hall have been paid to them and carried in their Books to the Account of the (aid Commiffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to fet apart and retain from time to time fo much thereof as may be neceflary for paying fuch reclaimed fLife Annuities and all Arrears thereof.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That all Annuities for Lives or Years purchafed under the Proviiions of this Aft, (hall, upon the ceafing thereof, revert to and become Part of the faid Sinking Fund, and (hall from time to time be applicable to the Reduction of the; National Debt, and (hall from thenceforth be applied in the fame manner as by the Laws now in force the faid Fund is made applicable.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That all Annuities for Lives or Years, purchafed under the Provifions of this Aft, (hall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impofitions whatfoever, except fuch as Dividends on any of the Public Funds, or Annuities payable at the Bank of England, are or may be fubjeft and liable to ; and that nO Certificate required in any Cafe to be produced to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or to the Officer of the faid Commiffioners for Reduftion of the National Debt, nor any Receipt for the Payment of any fuch Annuities, or any Part thereof, at the Bank of England, in virtue of this Aft, (hall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

XVI.	And in order* to facilitate the Purpofea of this Aft, be it further enafted, That in every Cafe in which it (hall and may be required to ufe any Certificate or other Document for the purpofe of any Transfer of Long Annuities, or for the Purchafe or Payment of any Annuities for Lives or Years, granted under the Provifions of this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful Tor the proper Officer of the faid Commiffioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, to ufe fuch Forms for the faid Purpofes refpeftively, as the faid Commiffioners (hall deem mod expedient to direft or adopt; any thing in this Aft or in any other Afts to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers?

SCHEDULE (A.)	x

No._______________

t*ORM of the Certificate to be granted in order to enable the Receipt of an Annuity from time to time at the Bank of EngUmd> upon the Non Appearance of the Nominee.

*	T DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Baltic

*	of Euglandy in purfuance of the Provifions of the fetend A'fts < for enabling the Commiffioners for Reduftion of the National

*	‘Debt to grant Life Annuities, That A* B. the Nominee, [ar, m

€ cafe

A. D. 1819.	59° GEO.	III.	C.	34, 85.

4 safe ef Tmo Nominees, One of the Two Nominee*, or, the Survivor ‘ of the Two Nominee*,] defcribed in the Certificate numbered a*

4 above, and granted for the Pnrchafe of a Life Annuity on the Life 4 of the faid Nominee, [or, on the Live* of the faid Nominees, and

*	the Life of the longer Liver of them,] was living on the

1 Day of	on which Day a Halt yearly Payment

4 of the faid Annuity became due. Witneis my Hand this 4	Day of	.*

SCHEDULE (B.)

No*	■

FORM of the Certificate to be granted in order to enable the* Receipt of an Annuity from time to time at the Bank of England* upon the pcrfonal Appearance of the Nominee.

*	J DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank

4 * of England, in purfuance of the Provifions of the feveral Ads 4 for enabling the Commiifioners for the Redu&ion of the National 4 Debt to grant Life Annuities, That A. B. the Nominee [or, in 4 cab of Two Nominees* One of the Two Nominees, or, the Survivor 4 of the Two Nominees,] defcribed in the Certificate numbered as-4 above, and granted for the Purchafe of a Life Annuity on the 4 Life of the faid Nominee, [or, on the Lives of the faid Nominees,. 4 and the Life of the longer Liver of them,] appeared personally 4 before me, this	Day of

*	Witnefs my Hand, the Day and Date above written J

CAP. XXXV.

An Ad to amend an A St, paflcd in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of Hr* prefent Majefty, intituled An AB to. facilitate the Adrriirujfration of Suffice in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by extending Trial by Jury to Civil Caufes.	[19th May 1819.]

4 '1TTHEREAS extending Trial by Jury to Civil Caufes, in that 1 W Part of Greed Britain called Scotland* in the manner provided 4 by an Ad paffed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His 1 prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 to facilitate the Admimflration of 'tycemthat Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by extending 4 Trial by Jury to Civil Confer* has been attended with beneficial 4 Bfeftt to the Adnriniftfatkm of Juftice: And Whereas it is 'txpedrut, that farther Provifion fhould be made, to extend and 4 regjdate Trial by Jury in Civil Caufes, and that the faid Ad fhould * be io part altered and amended, and the Court thereby created be 4 oak x permanent Part of the Judicial Eftabliihment of Scotland:* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be-it ended by The King’s Moft Excellent Maietty, by and with the Advise and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-mm* in this prefeat Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of' the fane. That in all Procefles raifed in the Outer Houfe of the Cflnrt of Seffion, by ordinary Adion or otherwife, on account of Ioj*ries to the Perfon, whether real or verbal, as A {fault or Battery, Libel or Defamation, or on account of any Injury to Moveables, or I* Lands, where the Title it not in qneftion; or on account of Breach

H*	of

10&

SS o. 3. e.4^

Certain Actions* to be sent to the Jury Court.

104 i

C. 35.

5^ GEO. III.

A.D. 1819-

Questions of Law reserved for the Court of Session.

Lord Ordinary to decide aa to Question of Law or Relevancy, and may reserve Question of Law for Court of

Lords Ordinary to have the Power of remitting whole Process to Jury Court

Jury Court N may settle

Lord Ordinary may settle

of Promife of Marriage, Seduction or Adultery, or -any A&km founded on Delinquency or quafi Delinquency of any kind, where the Conclufion (hall be for Damages and Expences only; the Lord Ordinary of the Outer Houfe, before whom fuch Precedes (hall be * enrolled, do remit, and he is hereby authorised and required, after Defences are lodged, to remit the whole Procefs and Produ&ions forthwith to the Jury Court in Civil Caufes; which laft mentioned Court is authorifed and required, according to Rules and Regulations which the faid Court and the Court of Seflion are hereinafter empowered to make, to fettle an Iffue or I flues, and to try the fame by a Jury to be fummoned and impannelled under the Provifions now in force, or hereinafter ena&ed for that Purpofe.

II.	And be it ena&ed, That if it (hall appear to the Parties, or either of them, that there is a Queftion of Law or Relevancy which ought to be decided previous to the Remit of the Caufe to tne Jury Court, it (hall be competent for them to date the fame orally to the. Lord Ordinary ; who, if he thinks fit, may give Judgment dc plow, or order Pleadings on the alleged Queftion of Law or Relevancy ; and if he orders Pleadings, then the Cafe is to be proceeded in according to the Courfe of the Court of Seflion ; and as foon as fuch * Queftion of Law or Relevancy (hall be difoofed of, if Matters of

raft remain to be proved, the whole ProceU and Produ&ions in the Cafe (hall be forthwith remitted to the Jury Court for the Purpofes aforefaid.

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall be competent for the, Lord Ordinary, if it (hall appear to him that there is no Queftion of Law or Relevancy which ought to be decided previous to the Remit of the Caufe to the Jury Court, forthwith to order fuch Caufe to be remitted to the faid Court, for the purpofes aforefaid: Provided, always, that it (hall alfo be competent for the Lord Ordinary, if he fees caufe, to referve the alleged Queftion of Law for the Con-fideration of the Court of Seflion, after the Matters of Fa& (hall have been found by a Jury ; and in all fuch Cafes, the Interlocutor of the Lord Ordinary, ordering the Caufe to be remitted to the Jury Court, whether with or without a Refervation of the alleged Queftion of Law, (hall not be fubje& to Review by Representation, Petition, Appeal to the Houfe of Lords or otherwise.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid. That-it (hall and may be lawful for the Lords Ordinary, in all Cafes other than the A&ions for Damages hereinbefore enumerated, when Matters -of Fa& are to be proved, to order the whole Procefs and Productions in the Caufe to be remitted to the Jury Court, without reporting • to the Inner Houfe; and the faid Jury Court is hereby authorifed -and required to fettle an Iflue or Iflues, and try the fame by a Jury,-in manner aforefaidj and if it (hall appear to the faid Lords Ordinary -to be expedient for the due Adminiftration of Juftice, they may pronounce an Interlocutor pointing out the Matters of Fa& which they require to be determined by a Jury; and the faid Jury Court is. hereby authorifed and required to fettle an Iflue or Iflues, in Terms of fuch Interlocutor, and fuch other Iflue or Iflues as may arife out of the Examination of the Cafe by the faid Court, and to try the > fame by a Jury, in manner aforefaid.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforelaid, That, it (hall be lawful for the Lords Ordinary, in all Cafes other than

the

AJX181&

C.85.

105

59°GfeO.III.

tbe Affiooa for Damages hereinbefore enumerated, when Matters of Fad are to be proved, to prepare and fettle an Iffue or I flues without reporting to the Inner Houfe ; and to remit the fame when fettled to the Jury Court, to be there tried by a Jury ; but nothing herein contained (nail take away from the Lords Ordinary, in fuch Cafes, the Power of reporting an Iffue or I flues to the Inner Houfe, in the Manner and Form now in force.

VI. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid. That it {hall he lawful and competent for the Court of Seffion in either of itaDmfions, in all Cafes depending in the Inner Houfe, in which Matters of FaA are to be prowl, if it (hall appear to them expedient for the due Adminiftration of Juftice, to order and dire&, by fpecial Interlocutor, the whole Procefs and Produdtions to be remitted to the Jury Court, for the faid Court to fettle an Iffue or Iffues, and to tnr the feme by a Jury, as aforefaid ; and if it fhall appear to the find Dwifiona to be expedient for the due Adminiftration of Juftice, they may pronounce an Interlocutor, pointing out the Matters of Faft winch they require to be determined by a Juiy, and the feid Jury Court is hereby authorised and required to fettle Iffues, in Terms of fuch Interlocutor; and the feid Court may likewife fettle fuch other Iffues as may arife out of the Examination of the Cafe by the fed Court, and try all fuch Iffues by a Jury in manner aforefaid.

VIL And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That kfhoUbe competent and lawful for either Dirifton of the Court of Seffion, in all Proceffes other than the A&ions of Damages hereinbefore enumerated, when it fhall appear to them expedient tor the due Adufoiftration of Juftice, to prepare and fettle an Iffue or Iffues,' ad to fend the fame<o the Jury Court, to be there tried by a Jury, in manlier aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Divifions, or the Lords Ordinary, in all Proceffes which come before them for Judgment after Verdidl, may direft fuch farther Iffue or Iffues as they may foe neceffary, to enable them to pronounce'Judgment in the Caufe.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That it fall he competent to the Judges of the Jury Court to order and dired any Fads not faffing under the Iffues, but which fhall appear m evidence, and which they fhall deem material to the Merits of the Cafe, or important to the Decifion of the Law, to be found by the Jury, and to be indorfed on the Iffue or Iffues, or on a Paper or Pediment to be attached to the Iffue or Iffues, and certified under the Hands of the Judge who tries the Caufe, and returned with theVerdid and Iffues to the Divifion of the Court of Seffion, or the Lord Ordinary, by whom the Cafe was fent to the Jury Court.

X.	And be it mrtlier enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That it fkall and may be lawful and competent for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in all Proceffes relating to the running down of or other Injury to Ships, and relating to Policies of Iiuurance and Charter Parties, and m all Maritime and Mercantile Cafes competent to Us Jtzrifdidion as a Civil Judge, wherein Matters of Fad are to be proved, to order, by Special Interlocutor, the whole Procefs and Prodoffions, without reporting to the Court of Seffion, to be remitted to the Jury Court; which Court is hereby authorifed and required finally to fettle the Iffue or Iffues in the Cafes fo remitted, and to try thr tame by. a Jury in manner aforefaid: Provided always, that

nothing

Issues,

(Exception) and report to Inner House.

Court of Session in either of its Divisions may remit the whole Process to Jury Court;

and may prepare and stttle Issues.

Exception.

Lords Ordinary may settle further Issues.

Jury Court to direct Facts as herein mentioned to be indorsed, &c. and certified.

Court of Admiralty to remit whole Pnv cess to Jury Court.

W---- •--

rroves nr Judg. Admiral

c. sb.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 181SI

directing far. ther Issues;

and for Judges of Jury Court indorsing Facts on Issues, &c.

If Court of Admiralty refuse to remit, Court of Session may be applied to.

nothing herein contained (hall prevent the Judge Admiral, in sfl Cafes which come before him for Judgment after Verdict, from dire&ing fuch farther Iflue or Iflues as he may fee neceffary, to enable him to pronounce Judgment thereon : And it (hall Hkewiiie be competent to the Judges of the Jury Court to order and dxre& any Fads not falling under the I flues, but which (hall appear in evidence, and which they (hall deem material to the Merits of the Cafe, or important to the Decifion of the Law, to be found by the Jury, and to be indorfed on the Iflues or on a Paper or Parchment to be attached to the Iflue or Iflues, and certified under the Hand of the Judge who tries the Caufe, and returned with the VetSSt and Iflues to the Judge of the Admiralty Court.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforesaid* That it (hall be competent to either of the Parties in any fuch Adion m the Court of Admiralty, if the Judge Admiral (hall refufe to order a Remit to be made to the Jury Court, as hereinbefore authorifed and empowered, for the purpofes aforefaid, to apply for a Review of the Deliverance to that effe& to the Court of Seffion, in either of its Divifions, by Petition, to be intimated Three Days before the fame is boxed; winch Court, if it (hall fee caufe, is hereby authorised to pronounce an Interlocutor inftru&ing the Judge Admiral to make luch Remit.

Jury Court may remit ba£k Questions of Lav.

Proviso for Division, See* again remitting Process to Jury Come:

Preparing Issues, and for Jury Court remitting back Process, &c.

XII. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid* That it (hall be competent and lawful for the Jury Court* when it appears to the faid Court in the courfe of fettling an Iflue or Iflues or at any time before Trial, in the Cafes remitted to them as aforefaid* that there is a Queftion or Queftions of Law or Relevancy which ought to be previoully decided, to remit back the whole Process ana Productions to the Divifion of the Court of Sdlion, the Lord Ordinary or Judge Admiral, who remitted the fame to the Jury Court, that the Queftion or Queftions of Law or Relevancy mdr be confidered and determined there: Provided always that R (hall he lawful to the faid Divifion, Lord Ordinary or Judge Admiral, When Matters of Fa& (hall after fuch Confideration ot Determination njtain to be proved, again to remit the whole Procefo and all the Productions to the Jury Court, in order that an Iflue or IiTues maw be prepared and tried as aforefaid: Provided further, that it flfcul be competent to the faid Divifion and Lords Ordinary to prepare and fettle an Iflue or Iflues in manner aforefaid, for the purpofe afosv-faid; and it (hall be competent for the Jury Court, when it artesrt to the faid Court in the courfe of fettling an Iflue or Iflues that H Cafe turns upon Matter of complicated Accounts or other Matter to which Trial by Jury is not beneficially applicable, to remit back the whole Procefs and Productions as aforefaid, with their Report thereon, in order that the Divifion, Lord Ordinary or Judge Admiral* may proceed with the fame in fuch manner as (hall appear to kewst expedient for the Admimftration of Juftice.

Proviso that XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority afosefand* Court of Sea- That nothing in this A 61 contained (hall extend or be conftracd to non, Ac. may	to prevent the Court of Seffion, in either of its Dmfiooa*

£%,	or	the	Lords	Ordinary,	(fave	and except in the Cafes comparing

far Damages hereinbefore enumerated), or the Judge Admiral* Exception. unlefa otherwise iaftra£ted as aforefaid by the Court of Sefcm, to take Proof on Comaaifion, by Remit, or m arts and

thereafter

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.35,

107

thereafter difpofing of the Caufe in the manner now pradifed in fuch

Caies.

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, In Cases That in all Cafes brought from an Inferior Court to the Court of brought from Seffion, wherein Proof by Witneffes has been taken by Order of the *“fero>rC<roit* Inferior Court, the Court of Seffion, in either of its Divifions, or g^2onmay the Lords Ordinary, if they deem further Proof to be expedient to &&& further be taken, /hall dired the fame to be taken, and the Invefligation of Proof.

the Fads to be completed according to the Forms of the faid Court,

ualefg the Parties consent to cancel the Depositions of fuch Wit-

aefles as are alive and within Scotland: in which cafe it /hall be

competent for the Court of Seffion, or Lords Ordinary refpedively,

to dired the Cafe to be fent to the Jury Court, in manner provided

by this and the aforefaid A d of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of

His prefect Majefty : Provided always, that nothing herein contained Court of Set- '

/hall reftrain the Court of Seffion, in either of its Divifions, or the	disocs

IfOrds Ordinary, from direding 1/Tues in the Cafes brought before “hMB

them from an Inferior Court, as aforefaid, on any Point or Points

sot conneded with the Proof already taken before fuch Court.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, No Appeal That it lhall not be competent by Representation, reclaiming Olden to Petition, Bill-of Advocation, Appeal to the Houfe of Lords, or <*7 by Juiy.  

Trial by Jury*

XVI. And be it further enaded by the* Authority aforefaid, That Motions for m all Cafes in which General Verdids are found by a Jury, all neiy Trial to Motions for fetting afide the Verdid, and granting a new Trial, (hall henceforth be made in the Jury Court, and not in the Court of Seffion; and the Order for granting	or refufiftg a new Trial bj the Order final.

Jury Court /hall be final, and not	fubjed to Review, by Petition,

keprrientation, Appeal to the Houfe of Lords, or otherwife; and there /hall be at leaft Two Judges in Court when a Motion is made for a new Trial, or an Order is pronounced granting or refilling the feme.

XVIL And it is hereby enaded, That if the Motion for fetting Bill of Epeap* afide the Verdid be founded on the Mifdiredion of the Judge at the dons to Trial in Matter of Law, or on the undue Admi/fion or Rejedion of JJcnt “ cert*in Erideace, it /hall be competent to	the Party againft whom Judg-	**

mot is given by the Jury Court,	to tender a Bill of Exceptions

to fuch Judgment in the fame manner as at a Trial j and the Proceedings on fuch Bills of Exceptions lhall be conformable in aU re/pe&s to the Provifions of the Ad of the Fifty fifth Year, of the Rogn of His prefect Majefty, hereinbefore recited, regarding Bilk of Exception: Provided always, that in all Caufes remitted by the CoMtof Admiralty to the Jury Court, the Bills of Exception fitaU be prefenfcedby the Judge of the Jury Court to the Divifions of the Coart of Seffion alternately, beginning with the Firft Dmfion $ prodded further, • that Motions for new Trials on a Special Verdid, or Special Findings, (hall be made in the Dmfion of the Court of Seffiio irom which the Proceedings were lent to the Jury Court, in mimur direded by the laid.recited Ad of the Fifty fifth Year of

tit Reign of His prefect Majefty i Provided nevertheleft, that the interlocutor Interlocutor to be pronounced on fuch Motions (hall be final, and final.

fhall

C.35.

59° GEO. lit

A.D.181*.

In such Cases Proceedings to remain in Jury Court,

In Cases of Special Verdict* Ac. Process te-mitted to Court of Session.

Proceedings where Verdict of Jury exhausts the Conclusions of the Action.

Judgment to

specify E*.

Verdict* Ac. transmitted to Keeper of die Records.

(hall not be fubjed to review by Petition, jleprefentation, Appeal to the Houfe of Lords, or otherwife.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That in all Cafes of new Trial in which a Bill of Exceptions to a Decifion in the Jury Court is prefen ted to the Court of Seffion, the Procefs and Productions fhall remain in the Jury Court, in order to enable that Court to proceed in the new Trial, if the Judgment (hall be reverfed; or to proceed to pronounce Judgment upon a General Verdid, in cafe it (hall be affirmed: Provided always, that it (hall be competent to the Divifions of the Court of Seffions to order the faid Procefs and Produdions to be brought into the (aid Divifion, when it (hall deem the fame to be neceflary; and after an Interlocutor (hall be pronounced upon the Bill of Exceptions, the faid Procefs and Produdions (haft be returned to the Jury Court, for. the purpofes aforefaid; and that in all Cafes of Special Verdids or Special Findings, in all Cafes where the Judgment of the Jury Court on a BiS of Exception, other than new Trials, is affirmed, the whole Procefs and Produdions (hall be forthwith remitted to the Court of Seffion, that the faid Court may proceed to difeufs the Law of the Cafe, and pronounce Judgment thereon.

XIX.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That in all Cafes where the Verdid of the Jury exhaufts the Con-clufions of the Adion, (except certain cafes as hereinafter provided,) it (hall and may be lawful, after the Elapfe of the time allowed for moving for a new Trial, or after a new Trial (hall have been finally refufed, for the Judge or Judges of the Jury Court, by a Judgment or Deliverance on the Verdid to be iffued and to be fubferibed by the prefiding Judge, without the Neceffity of any Motion to that effed, to ordain that all manner of legal Execution (hall oafs upon the fame in common Form ; and it (hall and may be lawful for the Judge or Judges of the Jury Court to award not only the Expences incurred in the faid Court, but alfo the previous Expences incurred m the Court of Seffion, Court of Admiralty or Inferior Court, and to require the Auditor of the Court of Seffion to tax the fame; and the faid Judgment (hall fpecify the Expences, in the faid Courts, and m the Jury Court; ana a Copy of the Verdid and Judgment, certified under the Hand of One or other of the Clerks of t& Jury Court, (hall be a fufficient Warrant for. all legal Diligence and Execution, and equally effedual to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were an extraded Decree of the Court of Seffion, and fhall be obferad as fuch by the Lords Ordinary on the Bills, Clerks of the Wit, Keepers of the Signet and all others; and that the Letters under the Signet (hall in fuch Cafe bear, that they proceed on the Judgment of the Commiffioners of the Jury Court, in thofe Inftances u which, according to the prefect Pradice, they bear that they proceed on the Decree of the Lords of Council and Seffion ; and the original Verdid and Judgment thereon, together with the whole Steps of Proceeding, and luch Produdions as may not have been taken up by the Parties entitled thereto, (hall in all luch Cafes be tnuffimtted for Prefervation to the Keeper of the Records of the Court of Seffion, and in other refpeds dealt with in the fame Way and Manner as die extraded Proceflee in the Court of Seffion are or may be tranftmttctf and dealt with.

XX. Pro-

A.D.181&

59* GEO. III.

as s,

IX. Provided jdways, and be it enaffced by the Authority afore-hid, That in Special Verdids, and in all Cafes where the Verdi A contains any Special Findings, which may require the Judgment of the Court of Seffion on the Law, and alfo in all Precedes of Reduction or Declarator, and in all Proceffes wherein the Decree to be prononneed will form a Part of the Title, or will afted or qualify the Title to any Heritable Eft ate, the Verdid, with the whole Frocefs and Productions, (hall be returned to the Court of Seffion, border that the faid Court may pronounce Decree in the faid Caufe : Prodded always, in Cafes remitted by the Admiralty Court, when the Return by the Jury is in the Form of a Special Verdid or Special Fadings, which may require the Judgment of the Judge Admiral on the law, the Verdi61, with the whole Procefs and Produdions, (hall be returned into the Admiralty Court, that the Judge Admiral may pronounce Judgment in the Caufe ; and that in Cams remitted fay the Court of Admiralty, the Bills of Exception (hall be returned to the Dmftons of the Court of Seflions alternately, beginning with the Firft, unlefs the Cafe was fent to the Jury Court in confequence of a Petition to the Court of Seffion as hereinbefore enaded, in winch Cafe the Bill of Exceptions fhall be returned to the Divifion to which the previous Petition was presented.

XXI.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That there (hall be certain diftind Periods of the Year for the Meeting of the Jury Court, to be called The Term, allotted for fuch Matters as do not require the Intervention of a Jury ; and that there (hall be certain other diftind Periods, to be callea The Sittings, allotted far Trials by Jury ; and the Jury Court (hall, for the Purpofes firft ribrefaid, keep and obferve Four Terms in every Year, whereof One, to be called the January Term, (hall commence yearly on the Twelfth of January, and (hall end on the Twelfth Day of February ; another, to be called die May Term, (hall commence yearly on the Twelfth Day of May, and (hall end on the Fifth Day of June ; another, to be called the June Termr (hall commence yearly on the Sixteenth Day ef June, and end the Tenth Day of July; and the Fourth, to be crikd the November Term, (hall commence yearly on the Twelfth Day of November, and (hall end on the Tenth Day of December ; and if aoy of the faid Days on which the faid Terms (hall begin or end (hall happen to be a Sunday, then fuch Term refpedively (nail begin Sr end oa the next Day following.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That the (kid Court (hall, for the Purpofes laft aforefaid, keep and obferve Three Sittings in every Year, On e to commence on the Day immediately after the January Torn, another to commence the Day immediately after the June Tern, the other to commence the Day immediately after the November Term; andif any of the faid. Days on which the faid Sittings (hall begin fludPhappen to be a Sunday, the faid Sittings refpedively (hall begin on the Day next following $ and all fuch Sittings (hall be held, Xneoeflary, from day to day, on every lawful Day, and (hall fo costhnie and endure, according to Exigency of Buiinefs ; and it (hall ftewifc be competent to the faid Court to appoint Cafes to be tried by Jury at other times than the regular Sittings, when in their1 Judgment it (hall appear to be neceffary ; and the judges of the faid Covt (ball hold Circuits in the Spring and Autumn Vacations, as at

XXIII. And

109

In Gases of Special Verdicts, fee. Proceedings returned to Court of Session.

Proviso respecting Cases remitted by Admiralty Court.

Tfernjp and Sittings ftxed.

Three Sitings in every Tear.

Court may spi point Cases far Jury at other than regular Sittings.

a 35,

59* GEO. III.

AD, 1811.

for preparing Issues, &c. lieard during Term only.

Proviso for Judge of Jury Court making Orders out of Term.

Regulations as to Condescendences and Answers.

Provision as to the Sum to be paid to Jurors.

Jury Court to proseed against absent Jurors.

XXIII. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That the Proceedings for preparing and fettling I flues, for heating and determining all Matters necefiary for forwarcung Cafes to be tried by Jury, the Hearing of all Motions refpe&ing Judgments, new Trials, Expences of Procefs; all Applications for Krauts to the Court of Seffion, and all other Matters and Things falling within the Jurifdi&ion of the Jury Court, and not requiring the Intervention of a Jury, may and (hall be heard and determined during the Ton only: Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall prevent One or more Judge or Judges of the Jury Court from making Orders out of Term, on the Application of Parties by the Counfel, refped-ing Commiflions for the Examination of Witnefles, refpe&mg the Infpe&ion of written Evidence previous to a Trial by Jury; and in all other Matters and Things relative to furthering the Trial of Caufes at the Sittings or on tne Circuits, in cafe fuch Application could not have been made during the preceding Term ; fuch Judge or Judges being fatished, by Affidavit or otherwise, that the Application fo made could not have been made in the preceding Term; and nothing herein contained (hall prevent the Judge or Judges prefiding at the Trial of any Cafe from putting off the fame on account of the Abfence of a material Witnefo or Witnefles, or for any other Caufe in which Juftice requires that a Trial fhould be put off; provided it is afcertained, by Affidavit to the Satisfaction of the Judge or Judges, that there is good Caufe for fo doing, and that fuch Cams could not have been forefeen in time to have moved the fame in dm

preceding Term.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, in all Proceffes in which the Jury Court is to fettle the I flues. That Rules an<{ Regulations fhall be and are hereby dire&ed to be framed for ordering Condefcendences and Anfwers, by virtue of the Authority given in this A Cl for making Rules and Regulations, fo that the Condefcendences and Anfwers may either be in the Court of Seffion or in the Jury Court, as may be found moil expedient; and in all Cafes in which Condefcendences and Anfwers fhall be ordered in the Jury Court, the Clerk of the faid Court fhall collect the Fees an fuch Proceedings payable in the Court of Seffion, and fhall account to the Officer in the Court of Seffion entitled to receive the lame, for all Fees which fhall be fo colle&ecL

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That the Amount of the Sum to be paid to each Juror for ferving on a Jury fhall be regulated by the Order of the Judge or Judges pie-fiding at the Trial; provided that the faid Judge or Judges fhaH not order more to be paid to any Juryman than Twenty Shillings for any One Trial, unlefs in Cafes of Adjournment to a Second Day, when the Sum to be paid to him may, in the Difcretion of the Judge or Judges, be extended to Forty Shillings; every fuch Sum to be paid by the Parties in manner now provided and in force.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid. That from and after the paffing of this Ad, it fhaH no longer be necefiary for the Officer of any Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Sob-ftitute to attend in the Jury Court for the purpofe of proving the Service of a Summons forved on any Juror, for enabling the find Court to proceed to impofe a Fine on foch Juror for not obeying their Summons, but it fhall henceforth be lawful for. the Jury Court,

at

AJXigia.

C. 35*

111

59° GEO# III.

at its Sittings of Circuits, to proceed in refpe& to abfent Jurors according to the Courfe which prevails in the Court of Judiciary.

XXVlI. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That the Sheriffs Depute and Subftitute of Counties, and the Magistrates of Burghs, at the Place where the Judges of the Jury Court hold their Circuit, fhall furuifh the fame Attendance of Officers on the Judges of the faid Court on fuch Occafion, as is in ufe to be provided for the Lords of Jufticiary on their Circuits, and the jZxpence thereof (hall be reimburfed to the faid Sheriffs and Magistrates in the fame Manner aa is now done in the Cafe of the Jufticiary Circuit.

XXVIII. And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall be competent to the Jury Court to iffue their Order or Orders, Diligence or Diligences, for fnmmoning Witneffes, and for Produ&ion of Writings, sod for all other Matters and Things which the laid Court may judge proper and neceffary, in Manner and Form as is pra&ifed by the Court of Seffion; and that the faid Jury Court (hall have the fame Power sad Authority in granting the Prote&ions to Witneffes, committing

& Prevarication and Contempt, in every refpe&, in Cafes depending we them, as is competent to the Court of Seffion, without any Exception or Limitation whateverj and that the Orders of the faid Court /hall be executed by all Public Officers in the fame Way as the Orders of the Court of Seffion ; which the faid Public Officers and MsgifbraCes are hereby enjoined and authorifed to execute

xxi:

And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid.

a by tft<

That from and after the paffing of this A&, it (hall be lawful for the Lsrds Commiffioners of the Jury Court, or any Two of them, to jfanMe from time to time, and as often as there (hall be occafion, for the purpofe of framing fuch Rules and Regulations as may be oecefiary for fettling an Iffue or Iffues, and for ordering the Forms of Procefs, and regulating the Proceedings in the faid Court, in all Matters and Things falling within the Jurildi&ion of the faid Court; and that the (aid Rules and Regulations (hall be reported to the Court of Seffion, affembled for the purpofe by the Authority of the Lord President, together with the Lords Commiffioners of the Jury Court, who /hall tak£ the fame into confiderationj and upon fuch Report befog approved, the fame (hall be entered in the Books of Sederunt of the Court of Seffion, and in the Sederunt Book of the Jury Court: Provided always, that fuch Regulations as are applicable, not only to the Jury Court but alfo to the Court of odkmf (hall be framed in the Manner provided by the forefaid A& of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of Hi« prefent Majefty.

XXX. And Whereas great Inconvenience has arifen in the

and in other Matters of Regulation as to EvidenceBe it ended by the Authority aforefaid. That it ihall be lawful for the Judges of the Court of Seffion, and of the Jury Court, being affem-Meo for the purpofe of paffing Ads of Sederunt, as provided by the find Ad of the fifty fifth Year of His prefent Maefty, to make Ads of Sederunt, eftablilhing fuch Regulations and Rules of Court hr the Preparation of fiyideiug and the Examination of WitneiTes,

as

Attendance of Officers on tha Judges.

Jury Court may compel the Attendance of Witnesses, Ac.

How Orders of Jury Court executed.

Power to Lords Commissioners of Jury Court to make Rules and Regulations for the Proceedings of the Court.;.

Regulation of Jury Court slid Court of Session to be according to sso.3.9.41.;

and to both Courts for the Crow Examination of Witnesses.

C. 35.

59“ GEO: III.

A.D. 1819*

An additional Clark to Jury Court to-be appointed.

Salary.

as (hall be expedient for the due Admituftratkm of Juftice in the Jury* Court.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid. That from and’ after the Firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, it (hall and nay be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, to appoint a Fourth Clerk to the faid Jury Court, in the Manner in which the prefent Clerks of the faid Jury Court were directed to be appointed by the faid recited Aft paffcd in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, with a Salary not exceeding the Sum of Six hundred Pounds per Annum* payable in the fame Manner and at the fame Periodsas the Salaries authorised to be granted to the prefent Clerks of the laid Jury Court are direfted to be paid and are payable by virtue of the faid recited Aft; and the faid Salary of fuch Clerk,* as well as the Salaries of the other Clerks of the Jury Court (hall be fubjeft to fueh and the like Taxes and Deduftions and none other, to which the Salaries granted to the Clerks of the Court of Seflion are fubjeft and liable.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid Firft Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, it (hall and may be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors, to appoint Three Afliftant Clerks, or Clofet Keepers, to the laid Jury Court, with Salaries not exceeding the Sum of Three hundred Pounds per Annum to each, payable in the fame Manner and at the fame Periods as the Salaries authorifed to be granted to the Clerks of the faid Jury Court are direfted to be-paid by the faid recited Aft and this Aft.

XXXIII.	And be it enafted by the Authority aforefaid. That in all Cafes in which the Jury Court is authorifed to award and allow Expeices, the Accounts of fuch Expences (hall be audited, fettled and reported upon, by the Perfon exercifing the Office of the Auditor of the Court of Semon in either of its Divifions, who (hall be and is hereby declared to be Auditor of the Jury Court; and fuch and the like Fees (hall be paid to fuch Auditor as in the Cafe of Accounts of Expences audited, fettled and reported upoA in the Court of Seffion, under the Authority of an Aft paffed in the Fif-

50 G. 3. c. m. tieth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for abridging the Form of extracting Decreet of the Court of Seffion* and for the Regulation of certain Parti of the Proceedings of that Court ; and fuch Auditor (hall become entitled to the faid Fees from and after the Firft Day of December and the Twelfth Day of January next, according as Expences in the Court of Seflion or other Courts, or in the Jury Court, may arife and are awarded by the Jury Court. Power, to pre- XXXIV. And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, nding Judge of That in cafe of the Abfence from Illnefs or other fufficient Caufe of Jury Court to Clerk or Clerks of the Jury Court, either at Edinburgh or on the Circuits, it (hall be lawful for the prefiding Judge to appoint, by Writing, figned by the faid Judge, and afterwards to be entered in the Seaerunt Book of the Court, a proper Perfon to aft as Clerk for the Occafion, to whom the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Clerks of the Jury Court (hall be adminiftered previous to his afting.

XXXV. And be it enafted by the Authority aforefaid. That in Cafes where an Order for a View has been obtained, and that the Place to be viewed lies in the Counties'of Sutherland) Caitbnefs and

Orkney*

Three Assistant Clerks to be appointed.

Salary.

Auditor of Court of Session to be Auditor of Jury Court, who is to report upon Expences.

appoint interim Clerks.

Viewers in certain Northern Countiesjregu-

AJ). 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C .35.

113

Orkney, which Counties are not required to fend Jurors to •Invemefs, the Sheriffs Depute or Subftitute of the faid Counties refpe&ively /hall return Three Perfons of the County in which the A&ion arifea, to be the Viewers; and that the faid Viewers (hall be bound to attend at the Trial, and be firft called to ferve on the Jury; the Manner of proceeding to take the View and the Qualification of the Jurors being fubje& always to the Regulations now in force refpe<5t-ing Views, and refpe&ing the Qualification of Jurors; and if from any Caufe it (hall be expedient that Viewers (hould be fcnt from a neighbouring County, the Jury Court (hall iffue an Order for a certain Number of Jurors of the neareft County from which it may be expedient that Viewers (hould be taken, and they (hall be bound to attend the View, and (hall be firll called to ferve on the Jury, as at prefent pra&ifed.

XXXVI. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid. That the Jury Court in Civil Caufes, created under the Authority of the aforefaid A<51 of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, with all the Officers belonging thereto, and to the JLord Chief Commiflioner thereof, (hall remain in all time coming a Part of the Judicial Eftabliffiment of Scotland, and of the College of Juftice therein, fubje& to fuch Regulations, for the better Ad-miniffration of Juft ice, as may hereafter be made by Parliament. k XXXVII. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That this Aft (hall take effect in dire&ing the Proceedings of the Court of Seffion from and after the Firft Day of December next, and in dire&ing the Proceedings of the Jury Court from and after the Twelfth Day of January next, except as to the framing and paffiug Rules and Regulations, which, as hereinbefore enabled, may be framed and palled at any time from and after paffing of this A<51; declaring always, that it (hall be competent for the aforefaid Courts refpe&ively to proceed in Manner and Form now pra&ifed, until the Firft Day oi December and Twelfth Day of January aforefaid.

' XXXVIII. And be it ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That fb much of the faid recited A61 of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, as requires that the Chief Commiflioner of the Jury Court be a Senator of the College of Juftice, or a Baron of Exchequer in Scotland, be and the fame is hereby repealed; but that no Perfon (ball be appointed to be Chief Commiflioner of the Gud Court, unlefs he be qualified to be appointed a Senator of the College of Juftice ; and when at any time the Perfon holding the faid Office /hall not hold any other judicial Office than that of Chief Cotnmiffioner, every fuch Perfon, during the time he (hall hold the faid Office of Chief Commiflioner and no other judicial Office, (hall be entitled to fuch Salary as (hall be equal to the Salary of the Perfon holding the Office of Lord Juftice Clerk in Scotland; and fuch Salary to fuch Chief Commiflioner (hall be dire&ed to be paid, and /hall be payable, in the Manner and at the fame Periods as the Salary granted to the Perfon holding the Office of Chief Com-miffioner of the Jury Court is now, by virtue of the faid recited A61 paffed.in the Fifty fifth Year of the Keign of His prefent Majefty, dire&ed to be paid.

Viewers to attend Trial, and first ciUcd to serve on Jury.

Juit Court made permanent.

Commencement of the new Judicature.

G. c.**. § xi. repealed.

Qualification of Lord Chief Commissioner of Jury Court.

Salary.

48 G.3. c. 45. §1.

59 Geo. III.

C. 35.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

The King by Sign Manual may grant an Annuity to Lord Chief Commissioner or to Commissioner of Jury Court who may have resigned according to 48 G.3. c.45.

Buildings to be erected tor the Court, &c.

7 Ann. c. u 5*0.

10 Ann. c. *6. §.108,

*	of Se/Jioriy Jufticiary and Exchequer in Scotland, upon the Refignation 4 of their Offices; i( was ena&ed, that it (houlcl and might be lawful 4 for His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, by His Majefty’s Sign

*	Manual, to give and grant unto any Perfon who fhould have

*	executed the Office of Lord Prefident of the Court of Seffion, or of

*	the Lord Juftice Clerk, or of the Lord Chief Baron of the Court 4 of Exchequer in Scotland, and who fhould have refpe&ively refigned 4 any fuch Office, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, not ex-

*	ceeding Three fourth Parts of the Salary appertaining to each fuch 4 Office at the Period of the Refignation thereof, to commence and ‘ to be paid in the Manner and fubje& to the Conditions mentioned ‘ in the faid recited A& : And Whereas it is reasonable and expedient 4 that Annuities fhould in like manner be granted to the Lord Chief 4 Commiffioner, and the other Commiffioners of the Jury Court,

*	upon the Refignation of their refpedlive Offices ; and alfo, that the

*	SuccefTor of every fuch Commiffioner fhould in like manner be 4 entitled to have and receive fuch Salaries and Profits as may arife 4 and become due from the Death or Refignation of his Predeceffor,’ Be it therefore ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for His Majefly, His Heirs and Succeffors, by His Majefty’s Sign Manual, to give and grant unto any Perfon who (hall have executed the Office of Lord Chief Commiffioner, or of a Commiffioner of the Jury Court, as well before as after the palling of this Adi, and who fhall have refpedfively refigned any fuch Office, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding Three fourth Parts of the Salary appertaining to each fuch Office at the Period of the Refignation thereof, to commence and be payable in all refpedts in the fame Manner and fubjedfc to the fame Conditions as any Annuity is authorifed and diredfed to be granted under and by virtue of the faid recited Adi, pafTed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Maielty ; and alfo that the SuccefTor of every fuch Perfon, who (haU have executed the Office of Lord Chief Commiffioner, or of a Commiffioner of the Jury Court, fhall be entitled to have and receive fuch Salary as fhall have arifen and fhall have become due from the Death or Refignation of his Predeceffor, in like manner as if his Letter Patent or Commiffion had borne date the Day next fubfequent to the Day of the Death or Refignation of his Predeceffor.

* XL. And Whereas permanent Accommodation is required for

*	carrying on the Bufinefs of the faid Court with proper Convenience 4 for the Judges, and for the Clerks and Officers thereof, and the ‘ Buildings neceffary and proper for this Purpofe may be eredled fo 4 as to be connedled with the Buildings now ufed for the Courts 4 of Seffion, Jufliciary and Exchequer in Scotland;* Be it therefore enadled by the Authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Lord Chief Baron, and the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in 1Scotland, with the Advice and Confent of the Lord High Treafurerand Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, to order and diredl fuch neceffary and proper Buildings to be ere&ed for the Accommodation of the Jury Court, and to order the Expence thereof to be defrayed out of the Monies that (hall arife from any of the Duties and Revenues in Scotland, which by feveral A£ts made in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her Majefty Queen dune, were charged and made chargeable

for

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 85.

115

For keeping up the pourts of Seflion, Jufticiary and Exchequer in Scotland, and to order fuch Sums to be paid out of fuch Duties and Revenues as Ihall be from time to time required for fuch Expence, to the Truflees afting in the Execution of an Aft paffed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majelly, intituled An AB for ’oefing the Stock of the Court of Sejfton in Truflees for the ending Buildings for the better Accommodation of the College of Jujlice and a public Gaol in the City of Edinburgh ; and for other Purpofes therein mentioned; and fuch Powers and Authorities are hereby given and granted to fuch Truftees, for the purpofe of erefting the Buildings hereby direfted, as are given to the faid Truftees for erefting the Buildings* direfted by the faid laft mentioned Aft.

XLI. And be it furtner enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees to acquire, and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Heirs of Entail, Guardians, Truftees and all other Perfons and Truftees whomfoever, not only for and on behalf of thofe having the beneficial Intereft, whether Perfons under Age, Iffue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots or fatuous Perfons, or other Perfon or Perfons, and for every other Perfon or Perfons whomfoever who (hall be feifed, poffeffed of or interefted in any Lands, Grounds and Heritages, which (hall be required for the Purpofes of this Aft, to contraft for, fell and convey the fame and every Part thereof unto the faid Truftees for the Purpofes of this Aft; and all fuch Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances and Affurances (hall be valid and effeftual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, any Law, Statute, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Perfons whomfoever fo conveying as aforefaid, are hereby indemnified for or in refpeft of any fuch Sale which he, fhe or they or any of them, ihall refpeftively make by virtue or in purfuance of this Aft.

XLII. And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That all Conveyances and Affurances which Ihall be made of any Lands or Heritages to the faid Truftees for the Purpofes of this Aft, ihall be made according to the following Form, or as near thereto as the Circumftances of the Cafe will admit s

4 J [nr We]	of

4 in confideration of the Sum of	to	me

4 [or us] paid, do hereby grant, difpone and convey to 4 all [/describing the Premifes to be conveyed] and all my Right, Title 4 and Intereft to and in the fame and every Part thereof, to hold 4 to the faid	for the Purpofes

4 fpecified in an Aft palled in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of 4 His Majefty- King Geprge the Third, intituled [here fet forth the 4 Tale of this Ad.'] In witnefs whereof I have fet my Hand to 4 thefe Prefents, written by [infert Name and Defcription of the 4 Writer] this	Day of	in the Year of

4 eor Lord	before	thefe	Witneffes [infert

4 Names and Deferiptions of Witneffes, who will alfo fubferibe as 4 Witneffes Jy

And all fuch Conveyances and Affurances ihall be regiftered within Sixty Days of the Date thereof, in the general Regifter of Salines, or in the particular Regifter of Salines of the County of Edinburgh,

I 2	and

48 G. 3. c. 146.

Bodies Politic, Guardians, &c. empowered to sell and convey for the Purposes of this Act.

Indemnity to such Bodies, Ac.

Form of Conveyance to Trustees.

C. 35.

59 GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.



Satisfaction to be made to Bodies Politic, &c.

If Parties cannot agree, Verdict of Jury to be taken.

If Parties are dissatisfied or refuse,or are unable to treat, &c.

Notice.

Particulars

thereof.

Or if Parties entitled cannot be found, or Title not produced, Jury may be summoned ;

and (hall thereupon be valid and effeftual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes, and (hall be a complete Bar to all other Rights, Titles, Trufts and Interefls and Incumbrances to, in or upon the fame whatfoever.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That all and every Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Truftees or other Perfons hereinbefore capacitated to fell and convey any Lands, Tenements and other Heritages, or any Owner or Owners, and the Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements or other Heritages required to be taken for the Purpofes of this Aft, may accept and receive Satisfaftion for the Value of fuch Lands, Tenements and Heritages, or of any fuch Interefts as aforefaid ; and from and immediately after the time of making and executing fuch Sale and Conveyance, or any Contraft or Con-trafts for the fame, the faid Truftees purchafing the fame for the Purpofes of this Aft, may and (hall be at liberty to enter upon, and from thenceforth for ever to have, take and ufe the faid Lands, Tenements and other Heritages, for the Purpofes of this Aft ; and in cafe the Parties interefted in fuch Lands, Tenements or Heritages* cannot or do not agree as to the Amount or Value of fuch Satisfaction, the fame (hall be afeertained and fettled by the Verdift of a Jury as is hereinafter direfted.

XLIV. And for fettling all Differences which may arife between the faid Truftees and the feveral Owners of or Perfons interefted in any Lands, Tenements or other Heritages which (hall or may be taken or ufed for the Purpofes of this Aft; be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That if any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Perfon or Perfons fo interefted, for and on his, her or their Part or Parts, or for or on the Part of any Perfon or Perfons for whom they may hold the fame, or Perfons as aforefaid, (hall refufe to accept fuch Purchafe Money or other Compenfation as (hall be offered by them the faid Truftees, or their Agent by or on their behalf, (hall give Notice thereof in Writing to any Three of the faid Truftees within Seven Days after fuch Offer (hall have been made, and the Party or Parties giving fuch Notice as aforefaid (hall therein requeft that the Matter or Matters in difpute may be fub-mitted to the Determination of a Jury; or if any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Perfon or Perfons feifed or poffeffed of or interefted in any fuch Lands, Tenements or Heritages, as aforefaid, (hall refufe to treat or agree, or (hall not agree, or by reafon of Abfence or Difability cannot agree with the faid Truftees, or with any Perfon or Perfons authorised by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of their refpeftive Eftates and Interefts therein, or cannot be found or known, or (hall not produce or evince a clear Title to the Premifes they may be in poffeflion of, or to the Intereft they (hall claim therein, to the Satisfaftion of the (aid Truftees, or of the Perfon or Perfons authorifed by them, then and in every fuch Cafe the faid Truftees (hall and they are hereby empowered and required from time to time to direft the Sheriff Depute or Subftitute of the County of Edinburgh, to fummon, affemble and choofe a Jury, in fuch Way and Manner as Juries are fummoned, affemblcd and chofen in Counties in Scotland; and the faid Sheriff may order and authorife the faid Jury when chofen, or any Three or more of them, to view the Place or Places or Matters or Things in controvcrfy; and fuch Jury (hall

upon

A.D.18/9.

59> GEO. III.

C.S5.

117

upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths of fucli Wit-Defies, the faid Sheriff is hereby empowered and required to ad-minifter) inquire of, affefs and afcertain, and give a Verdi£l for the Sum or Sums of Money which (hall be paid for the Purchafe of fucli Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or Compenfation for any It.terelb therein as aforefaid ; and the faid Sheriff (hall give Judgment for fucli Purchafe Money or Compenfation fo afieffed by fuch Jury ; which faid Verdidf and the Judgment thereupon (hall be binding and con-clufive to all Intents and rurpofes upon all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and upon all Perfons whomfoever, and (hall not be fubjeft to any Review, or any Stay or Silt of Execution whatever: Provided that Fourteen Days* Notice in Writing at the lealt of the Hour and Place at which fuch Jury are fo required to bs returned be given to the Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to the Perfon or Perfons interefled, or claiming fo to be, before the time of the Meeting of the faid Sheriff and Jury as aforefaid, bv leaving fuch Notice at the Dwelling Houfe of fucii Perfon or Perfons, or of the Head Officer of fuch Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or with fome Tenant or Occupier of the Premifes refpe lively intended to be valued ; and in each and every Cafe where a Verdict (hall be given for more Money, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the abfolutc Sale of any Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or as a Compenfation for any Interefl therein as aforefaid, than (hall have been previoufly offered by or on behalf of the faid Truflees before the Bimmoning fuch Jury, and where no Compenfation (hall have been previoufly offered in refpeCt thereof by or on behalf of the faid Truflees, or where by reafon of Abfence, or other Impediment or Difability, there (hall not be found any Perfon or Perfons at hand who may be legally capacitated to contraft with and make Conveyances to or receive Compenfation from the faid Truflees as herein^ before mentioned, then and in all fuch Cafes all the rcafonabte Expences of cauflng fuch Value or Compenfation to be afleffed and awarded as aforefaid (hall be fettled by the faid Sheriff, and be defrayed by the faid Truflees ; but if any Verdidl fhall be given for the fame Sum that fhall have been previoufly offered by or on behalf of the faid Truflees, or for a lefs Sum than (hall have been fo previoufly offered, or in cafe of fuch Refufal to treat with or make Conveyances to the Truflees by any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever who is or are by the Provifions of this A& or otherwife legally empowered to treat and convey or receive fuch Compenfation as aforefaid, then and in all fuch Cafes (except where, by reafon of Abfence or otherwife, any Perfon fhall nave been prevented from treating and agreeing as afore-laid, in which Cafe all fuch Cofts and Expences fhall be borne and paid by the faid Truflees) the reafonable Cofls and Expences of cauflng fuch Value or Compenfation to be affefTed and awarded as aforefaid (hall be fettled in like manner to the faid Sheriff, and be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by the Perfon or Perfons with whom the faid Truflees (hall nave fuch Controverfies or Difputcs; which faid Colls and Expences fhall and may be deduced out of the Money fo afleffed and awarded ; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Poipofes to be Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums fo aflefled or awarded aa aforefaid.

I 3

who arc to give Verdict upon Oath of Wit-nesses.

Verdict

binding.

Proviso for Notice of Return of Jury.

When Verdict for more than Money offered.

and no Compensation previously offered, Ac.

Expences borne by Trustees.

Where Verdict for less, or Refusal to treat, &c.

Exception.

Expences borne by Body Corporate, Ac.

Expences deducted out of Money awarded.

XLV. An4

C. 35.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Verdicts to be recorded.

Fee for Inspection.

Power to Trustees to enter upon and take Possession of Land, &c. on Payment or Tender of Purchase Monies.

Payment or Tender a Bar.

Trustees before Payment may not dig for Buildings without Leave of Owner. .

Application of Compensation when amounting to or exceeding aoo’.

XLV. And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That all the faid Judgments and Verdids (hall be deemed to be and (hall become Records of the faid * Sheriff to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever ; and the fame or true Copies thereof {hall be allowed to be good* Evidence ; and all Perfons fhall have liberty to iufped the fame, paying for fuch Infpedion the Sum of One Shilling, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and fo in proportion for any lefs Number of Words.

XLVI. And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid. That upon Payment or legal Tender of fuch Sum or Sums of Money as {hall have been contraded or agreed for between the Parties, or determined or adjufled by any Jury or Juries in manner aforefaid, for the Purchafe of any fuch Lands, Tenements or Heritages, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Lands and other Heritages and Premifes, or fuch other Perfon or Perfons as fhall be interefted therein, or entitled to receive fuch Money or Compenfation refpedively, at any time after the fame {hall have been fo agreed for, determined or awarded; or if the Perfon or Perfons fo entitled or interefted, or any of them, cannot be found, or fhall refufe to receive the fame, or {hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Trultees, or {hall refufe to execute a Conveyance or Conveyances of the Premifes which fhall be required for the Purpofes of this A6t; then, upon Payment of the faid Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of Scotland, or the Royal Bank of Scotland, or the Britljh Linen Company, as hereafter directed and required (in cafe the fame {hall be requifite), for the Ufe of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo interefted or entitled as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for the faid Truftees, and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, or^aay other Perfons authorifed by them in their behalf, immediately to enter upon fuch Lands, Grounds and Heritages refpedively, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Eftate, Ufe, Truit and Intereft of any Perfon or Perfons therein, {hall from thenceforth be veiled in the faid Truftees, in fuch manner as is direded in and by this Ad, to and for the Purpofes of this Ad, for ever; and fuch Tender, Payment or Inveftiture fhall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Intereft and Demand, of the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame fhall or ought to have been made, but alfo {hall extend to and {hall be deemed and conftrued to bar the Terce of the Wife, and all Right of every other Perfon, and all Incumbrancers whomfoever therein : Provided neverthelefs, that before fuch Payment it fhall not be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Perfon ading under their Authority, to dig into fuch Lands or Grounds, for the purpofe of ereding the Buildings direded by this Ad, without Leave of the refpedive Owners or Occupiers thereof in Writing under their refpedive Hands.

XLV 11. And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid. That if any Money {hall be agreed or awarded to be, paid for any Lands,. Tenements or Heritages, or for any other Matter, Right or Intereft, of what Nature or Kind foever, purchafed, taken or ufed by virtue of the Powers of this Ad, for the Purpofes thereof, which fhall belong to any Corporation, Minor or other Perfon or Perfons under any Difability or Incapacity, as hereinbefore mentioned, fuch Money {hall, in cafe the fame fhall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the

Bank

AJD.1819.

59* GEO. III.

C.35.

119

Bank of Scotland, or the Royal Bank of Scotland, or the Britifb Linen Company, to be placed to an Account in the Name or Names of fuch Peiifon or Perfons as any Three of the faid Truftees (hall, by Writing figned by them, diredl and appoint, to the intent that fucn Money /hall be applied, under the Diredlion and the Approbation of the Court of Seilion, to be fignified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fummary W ay by the Perfon or Perfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements or Heritages, in the Purchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Difcharge of any Debt or Debts, or fuch other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the faid Court (hall authorife to be paid, affe&ing the fame Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or affe&ing other Lands, Tenements or Heritages (landing fettled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufes, Intents or Purpofes; or where fuch Money (hall not be fo applied, then the fame (hall be laid cut and invefted, under' the like Diredlion and Approbation of the faid Court, in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Heritages, which (hall be conveyed to, for and upon fuch and the like Ufes, Trulls, Intents and Purpofes, and in the fame Manner, as the Lands, Tenements or Heritages, which (hall be fo burchafed, taken or ufed as aforefaid,

Hood fettled or limited, or (uch of them as at the time of making fuch Conveyance and Settlement (hall be exifling undetermined and capable of taking EfFe6t; and in the meantime, and until fuch Purchafe (hall be made, the Intereft or Annual Produce of fuch Money (hall from time to time 4>e paid, by Order of the faid Court, to the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the faid Lands, Tenements and Heritages (b hereby directed to be purchafed, in cafe fuch Purchafe or Settlement were made.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enadled by the When less than Authority aforefaid, That if any Money fo agreed or awarded to aocl; and ®x“ be paid tor any Lands, Tenements or Heritages purchafed, taken ceedinS acl* or ufed for the Purpofes aforefaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Perfon or Perfons under Difability or Incapacity as afore-faid, (hall be lefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and (hall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall, at the Option of the Perfon or Perfons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Heritages fo purchafed, taken or ufed, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, to be fignified in Writing under their refpedlive Hands, be paid into the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, or the Briti/b Linen Company, under the Diredlion and Authority of tfie Court of Sefiion, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore dire&ed • or otherwife the fame (hall be paid, at the like Option, to Three Truftees, to be nominated by the Perfon or Perfons making inch Option, and approved of by Three or more of the faid Truftees,

(uch Nomination and Approbation to be fignified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that fuch Principal Money and the Intereft arifing thereon may be applied ia manner hereinbefore dire died, fo far as the Cafe may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diredlion and Approbation of the Court of Semon.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enadled by the Au- When less thority aforefaid, That where fuch Money fo agreed or awarded to aoL

I 4	be

C. 35.

59? GEO. lit

A.D.18I9<

Irfeasc of not nuking out Titles, or if Persons to Mhora Money ordered to be paid cannot be found. Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, Sec.; subject to the Order of the Court of Session, upon Motion or Petition.

Cashier of the Bank to give a Receipt.

Vfhere any Question shall arise touching the Title to Purchase Money to be paid in, the Person in possession.of the Lands, &c. at the time of the Purchase deemed entitled thereto.

be paid as next before mentioned {hall be lefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all fuch Cafes the fame (hall be applied to the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Heritages fo purchased, taken or ufed for the Purpofes of this A6t, aB the faid Truftees, or any Three or more of them, {hall think fit, or then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, and to and for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entitled refpe&ively.

L. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That in cafe the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money fhall be fo ordered to be paid as aforefaid fhall not be atle to make a good Title to the Premifes, to the Satisfaction of the faid Truftees, or any Three of them, or {hall refufe to execute fuch Conveyance or Conveyances; or in cafe fuch Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Sum or Sums of Money {hall be fo ordered to be paid as aforefaid cannot be found ; or if the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Heritages, be not known or difeovered ; then and in every fuch Cafe it {hall be lawful for the faid Truftees, or any Three or more of them, to order the faid Sum or Sums fo awarded to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, or the Brtttjh Linen Company, to the Credit of the Parties interefted in the faid Lands, Tenements or Heritages [deferibing them], fubje& to the Order, Controul and Difpontion of the Court of Seflion; which faid Court, on the Application of any Perfon or Perfons making Claim to fuch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, {hall be and is hereby empowered, in a fummary Way of Proceeding, or otherwife, as to the faid Court {hall feem meet, to order the fame to remain in the Hands of the faid Banks, or One of them, or to order the fame to be laid out and in veiled in the Public Funds, or to order Diftribution thereof, or Payment of the Intereft or Dividends thereof, according to the refpe&ive Eftate or Ellates, Title or Intereft of the Perfon or Perfons making claim thereunto, and to make fuch other Order in the Premifes as to the faid Court {hall feem juft and reafonable; and the Cafhier or Cafhicrs of the faid Banks refpedtively, who {hall receive fuch Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for fuch Sum or Sums, mentioning and fpecifying for what and for whofe Ufe the fame is or are received to fuch Perfon or Perfons as {hall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforefaid.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That where any Queftion {hall arife touching the Title of any Perfon to any Money to be paid into fuch Banks in purfuance of^this A&, for the Purchafe of any Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or of any Eftate, Right or Intereft in any Lands, Tenements or Heritages to be purenafed in purfuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchafed with any fuch Money, or to the Dividends or Intereft of any fuch Bank Annuities, the Perfon or Perfons who {hall have been in Poffeflion of fuch Lands, Tenements or Heritages at the time of fuch Purchafe, and all Perfons claiming under fuch Perfon or Perfons, or under the Poffeflion of fuch Perfon or Perfons, {hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Heritages, according to fuch Poffeflion, until, the contrary {hall be {hewn to the Satisfa&ion of the faid Court of Seiiion j and the Dividends or Intereft of the Bank Annuities to

be

59° GEO. III.

C.3*.

121

be purchafed with fuch Money, and alfo the Capital of fuch Bank Annuities, or the Capital yielding fuch Intereft, remaining in the Hands of any of the faid Banks, (hall be paid and applied and dif-pofed of accordingly, unlefs it (hall be made appear to the faid Court, that fuch PofTeffion was a wrongful Poffeflion, and that fome other Perfon or Perfons was or were lawfully entitled to fuch Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or to fome Eftate or Intereft therein.

LI I. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That where by reafon of any Difability or Incapacity of the Perfon or Perfons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Heritages, to be purchafed under the Authority of this Aft, and the Purchafe Money for the fame (hall be required to be paid into the faid Banks, or One of them, by the Order of the faid. Court, and to be applied in the Purchafe of other Lands, Tenements or Heritages, to be fettled to the like Ufes in purfuance thereof refpeftively, it (hall be lawful for the faid Court to order the Expences of all fuch Purchafes from time to time to be made in purfuance of this A ft, or fo much of fuch Expences as ths Court (hall deem reafonable, together with the neceflary Coils and Charges of obtaining fuch Order, to be paid by the faid Commiflioners, who (hall from time to time pay fuch Sums of Money for fuch Purpofes as the faid Court (hall direct.

4 LI 11. And Whereas the faid Truftees may purchafe Lands to 4 be made ufe of for the Purpofes of this Aft, and it may happen 4 that the whole thereof may not be required for the Purpofes of this 4 Aft, and it may in fuch Cafe become neceflary to refell the fame ;* Be it therefore further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That it (hail be lawful for the faid Truftees, by Deed under the Hands of any Three or more of them, to grant and convey by way of abfolute Sale, for a Confideration in Money, fuch Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or any fuch Part or Parts thereof, as (hall not be wanted for the Purpofes of this Aft; and all fuch Conveyances from the faid Truftees (hall be valid and effeftual, any thing in this Aft contained, or any other Law, Statute or Cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding; and upon Payment of the Money which (hall arife by Sale or Sales of fuch Lands, Tenements and Heritages, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Truftees to fign and give Receipts for the Money for which the fame (hall be fold, which Receipt (hall be fufficient Difcharges to any Perfon or Perfons for the Purchafe Money for which fuch Lands or Buildings (hall be fo fold, or for fo much thereof as in fuch Receipts (hall be acknowledged or expreffed to be received; and fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall not afterwards be anfwerable or accountable for any Lofs, Mifapplication or Non Application of fuch Purchafe Money, or any Part thereof; Provided always, that the faid Truftees, before they (hall fell and difoofe of fuch Lands, Tenements or Heritages, (hall firft offer to retell the fame to the Perfon or Perfons from whom they (hall have purchafed the fame, or would have been then entitled to in cafe the fame had not been purchafed by the faid Truftees, the Price at which the fame (hall be refold being, at the Option of the faid Perfons, either the Price paid by the faid Truftees, or a Price for the fame adjufted and fettled by a Jury in like manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in purfuance of this Aft, as hereinbefore direfted to be fettled » cafe of Difference or Difpute as to the Value thereof; and if fuch

Perfon

In csss of Disability, See. of Parsons entitled, the Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchases, together with the Costs of the Order, to be paid by the Commissioners.

Trustees empowered to resell Lands, not wanted for Purposes of Act.

Trustees in the first Place to make Offer of Resale to Person from whom they purchased.

If such Person refuse to repur-

C.35,36.

59° GEO. IIL

A.D. 1819.

chase. Affidavit thereof to be made.

Such Affidavit Evidenoe.

55 G. S- c. 4«-continued, save as hereby altered, Ac.

Proviso for Begulations made thereunder.

55 G. 3. c. 4a. §4*, 43.44, repealed.

3G.3. c. II.

33 G.3.C.37.

1

Perfon or Perfons fhall not agree, or (hall refufe to repurchafe the fame, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons, not interefted in the Premifes, to make an Affidavit, to be fwom before One of His Majefty* s Juft ices of the Peace for the County where fuch Lands (hall be iituatc, dating that fuch Offer was made by or on behalf of the faid Truftees, and that fuch Perfon or Perfons did not agree, or refufed to purchafe fuch Lands or Buildings, as the cafe may be ; and fuch Affidavit (hall in all Courts be fumcient Evidence and Proof that fuch Offer was made, and not greed to or refufed.

LIV. And be it further ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That the feveral Powers, Authorities, Dire&ions and Regulations, and all other Matters and Things ena&ed in the aforefaid A & of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, excepting in fo far as the fame are by this A& altered, varied, amended, annulled or repealed, (hall be and the fame are hereby continued in force, in as full and ample Manner as if the fame were repeated and re-ena&ed in this A&, and made a Part thereof 5 and that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend, except as herein ena&ed, to dimiuifh or invalidate the binding Force and Effe& of the Rules and Regulations made under the Authority of the hereinbefore mentioned A& of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or the Orders, Dire&ions or Judgments of the Courts a&ing under the Authority of the fame.

* LV. And Whereas it is provided by the faid A& of the Fifty

*	fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, that regular Returns 4 (hould be made to both Houfes of* Parliament, of all Proceedings 4 under the faid A&, and that Reports (hould be made of the Num-4 ber of I(Tue8 dire&ed to and tried in the Jury Court: And Whereas 4 it is no longer neceftary to continue the faid Proviftons Be it ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That all the Proviftons contained in the faid A&, refpe&ing the faid Returns and Report to Parliament, (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Ad to repeal certain Ads now in force for regulating the making and Sale of Bread out of the City of JLondony and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, where no Aflize is fet i and for eftablifhing other Proviftons and Regulations relative thereto.	[14th	June	1819.]

4 TT7HEREAS an A& was palled in the Third Year of the

*	VV Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled jin A3 for explain•

4 ing and amending an A3 made in the Thirty firft Tear of the Reign of

*	Hit late Majejly King George the • Second, intituled 4 An A3 for the 4 due making of Breads and to regulate the Price and AJJinc thereof and 4 tojbunifh Perfons who Jhall adulterate Mealy Flour or Breads* And 4 Whereas another A& was palled in the Thirty third Year of the 4 Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to amend an Ad 4 made in the Thirty firjl Year of His late Maiefty King George the 4 Second9 intituled 4 An Ad for the due making of Bread9 and to 4 regulate the Price and AJJi%e thereof and to pumfb Perfons who Jhall 4 adulterate Mealy Flour or Bready with reJpeS to the time within which

4 certain

59° GEO. IU.

C. 36.

123

4 certain Profecuttons direBed by the jaid A8 are to be brought: And 4 Whereas another A6t wa3 palled in the Forty firft Year of the 4 Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 to amend an A8 4 made in the Thirty Jixth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, 4 intituled 4 An A8 to permit Bakers to make and fell certain Sorts of 4 Bread :* And Whereas it is expedient that the faid recited A61s, 4 and all other A&s which relate to Bread to be fold out of the City 4 of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills 4 of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, where no 4 Affize is fet, Ihould be repealed, and that other and more cffedlual 4 Provifions Ihould be eftablifhed for puniftiing Perfons who (hall 4 adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread, or who Ihafl fell Bread deficient 4 in its due Weight, and for better regulating the making and Sale 4 of Bread within the Limits aforefaid : But as fuch beneficial Pur-4 pofes cannot be effe&ed without the Authority of Parliament May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enadted \ and be it enadted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid feveral recited Adis of the Third, Thirty third, and Forty firft Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and all and every other Adi and Adis of Parliament which relate to the making and felling of Bread, where no Affize is fet; or the Puniih-ment of Perfons who (hall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread, or who (ell Bread deficient in its due Weight, fo far as refpedts the Bread, Meal and Flour, to be made and f<3d out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, where no Affize is fet, (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enadled. That it (hall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, to make, bake, fell and expofe for Sale, any Bread made of Flour or Meal, of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Buckwheat, Indian-Com, Peas, Beans, Rice and every other Kind of Grain whatfoever, and Potatoes, or any of them, and with any common Salt, pure Water, Eggs, Milk, Yeail, Barm, Leaven and Potaloe Yeaft, and mixed in Tuch Proportions as the Makers or Sellers of Bread (hall think fit; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enaded, That although no Affize of Bread (hall be fet in purfuance of an A61 paffed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to alter and amend Two Ads of the Thirty firft Year of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Tear of His prefent Majefty ^ fo far as relates to the Price and Affize of Bread to be fold out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange; no Loaf or Loaves of Bread called or deemed Affize Loaf or Loaves, in the Tables of the Affize and Price of Broad annexed to the faid laft mentioned A61 ena&ed and referred to, and the Weight of which varies according to the Variation in the Price of Grain, (hall be made for Sale, fold or carried out for Sale, or be offered or expofed to or for Sale, or be allowed to be fold, where any Loaf or Loaves of the Bread called or deemed Priced

Loaf

4X G.$. c. i2.

Recited Acts repealed.

Materials with which Bread may be made and sold.

Asaixed and priced Bread not to be made at the same •time, nor in the same Place.

53 G.3. c. 116.

C. 36.

Sd9 GEO. lit

A.D. 1819.

Penally.

Bakers out of London and the Bills of Mortality, &c. not to use Alum, &c. in making of Bread for Sale.

Penalty.

If not paid, Imprisonment.

Offender's Name, Place of Abode, Ac. published.

Loaf or Loaves in the Tables of the Aflize and Price of Bread, in and by the faid A& of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty enabled and referred to, and the Price of which varies according to the Variation in the Price of Grain, (hall at the fame time be made for Sale, or be allowed to be fold (that is to fay) no Aflize Loaves of the Price of Three pence, and priced Loaves called Half Quartern Loaves, nor Aflize Loaves of the Price of Sixpence, and priced Loaves called Quartern Loaves, nor Aflize Loaves of the Price of Twelve pence, and priced Loaves called Half Peck Loaves, nor Aflize Loaves of the Price of Eighteen pence, and priced Loaves called Peck Loaves, (hall at the fame time be made for Sale, fold or carried out for Sale, or be offered or expofed to or for Sale, or allowed to be fold by any Baker or other Seller of Bread, in his, her or their Shop, Dwelling Houfe or Premifes, that unwary Per-fons may not be impofed upon and injured by buying Aflize Loaves referred to in the faid Tables, as or for priced Loaves fo referred to in the faid Tables, or by buying‘fuch priced Loaves as or for fuch Aflize Loaves ; and every Perfon who (hall offend therein, and be convi&ed of any fuch Offence in manner hereinafter mentioned, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor lefs than Ten Shillings, as the Magiftrate or Magif-trate8, Juftice or Juftices, before whom any fuch Offender or Offenders (hall be conyidfced, fhall from time to time adjudge and determine.

IV. And be it further enabled, That no Perfon or Pei fons making or who fhall make Bread for Sale, out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, nor any Journeyman or other Servant of any fuch Perfon or Perfons as laft mentioned, fhall at any time or times, in the making of Bread for Sale, put any Alum or Preparation or Mixture in which Alum fhall be an Ingredient, or any other Preparation or Mixture in lieu of Alum, into the Dough of fych Bread, or in any wife ufe or caufe to be ufed any Alum or any other unwholefome Mixture, Ingredient or Thing what foe ver in the making of fuch Bread, on any Account or under any Colour or Preterite whatfoever, upon pain that every fuch Perfon, whether Mailer or Journeyman or other Perfon, who fhall knowingly offend in the Premifes, and fhall be convi&ed of any fuch Offence, either by his, her or their own Confeflion, or upon the Oath (or being of the People called Quakers, Affirmation) of One or more Witnels or Witnefles, fhall on every fuch Convi&ion forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, or in default of Payment thereof, (hall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Magiftrate or Magiilrates, Juftice or Juftices, before whom fuch Offender fhall be convi&ed, be committed to the Houfe of Correction, or fome Prifon of the City, County, Borough or Place where the Offence fhall have been committed, or the Offender or Offenders fhall be apprehended, there to remain for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months from the time of fuch Commitment, unlefs fuch Penalty fhall be fooner paid, as any fuch Magiftrate or Magiilrates, Juftice or Juftices fhall think fit to order and dire£l; and it fhall be lawful for the Magiftrate or Magiilrates, Juftice or Juftices, before whom any fuch Offender fhall be convi&ed, to caufe the Offender’s Name, Place of Abode and Offence to be publifhed in fome Newf-

paper



59° GEO. III.

C.S6.

123

paper which (hall be printed, publifhed or circulated in or near the County, Divifion, Riding or Diftri& where the Offence (hall be committed, and to defray the Expence of publifiring the fame out of the Money to be forfeited as laft mentioned, if any (hall be paid or recovered.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Perfon (hall knowingly put into Corn, Meal or Flour which (hall be ground, dreffed, bolted or manufactured for Sale out of the faid City of Lon Jon and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, either at the time of grinding, dreffing, bolting or in anywife manufacturing the fame, or at any other time or times, any Ingredient, Mixture or Thing whatfoever, or (hall knowingly fell, offer or expofe to or for Sale any Meal or Flour of one Sort of Grain as or for the Meal or Flour of any other Sort of Grain, or any thing as or for or mixed with the Meal or Flour of any Grain, which (hall not be the real and genuine Meal or Flour of the Grain the fame (hail import to be and ought to be, upon pain that every Perfon who (hall offend in the Premiums, and (hall be thereof convi&ed in manner hereinafter mentioned, (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, as the Magi (Irate or Magi ft rates, Juftice or Juftices before whom any fuch Offender (hall be convi&ed (hall think fit or order and direCt.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Loaf of every Sort of Bread made of the Meal or Flour of any other Gram than Wheat, which (hall be made for Sale, or be fold, carried out, offered or expofed in anywife to or for Sale, out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, (hall be marked with a large Roman (M.) ; and that every Perfon who (hall make for Sale, fell, offer or expofe to or for Sale, any Loaf of Naiw fuch Sort of Bread which (hall be made of the Meal or Flour of any other Grain than Wheat, which (hall not be marked as hereinbefore dire&ed, (hall for every time he, (he or they (hall fo offend in the Premifes, and be thereof convi&ed in manner hereinafter dire&cd, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Loaf of fuch Bread which (hall not be fo marked,' as the Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices before whom any fuch Perfon (hall be convi&ed, (hall from time to time adjudge and determine.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for any Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, within the Limits of their refpe&ive Jurifdi&ions, and alfo for any Peace Officer or Officers of any Parifti or Place where any Miller, Mealman or Baker, or other Perfon who (hall grind Grain, or drefs or bolt Meal or Flour, or make Bread for Reward or Sale, out of the City of Loudon and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, authorised by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, and which Warrant any fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby empowered to grant, at feafonable times in the Day to enter into any Houfe, Mill, Shop, Stall, Bakehoufe, Boltinghoufe, Paftry Warehoufe, Outhoufe or Ground, of or belonging to any Miller, Meahnan or Baker, or other Perfon who (hall grind Grain or drefs or bolt Med or Flour, or make Bread for Reward or Sale as afore-

faid,

Adulterating Com, Meal or Flour, whether at the time of grinding, dressing or bolting, Sec. or selling Meal or Flour of one Sort of Grain for another Sort;

Penalty.

Loaves made of Meal of any other Grain than Wheat, to be marked with the Letter (M.)

Penalty.

Magistrates or Peace Officers by their Warrants, may search Bakers* Premises.

C. 36.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1619.

Flour adulterated by Person in whose Possession found, &c. Alum, &c.

Seized and carried to Magistrate;

who on adjudging the same to be adulterated, tnay dispose of it as he may think proper.

Bakers in whose Premises shall be found any Ingredients for adulterating Flour, &c.;

faid, and to take with him or them, to his or their Affiftance, One or more Mailer Miller, Mealman or Baker, Millers, Mealmen or Bakers, and to fearch or examine whether any Mixture, Ingredient or Thing, not the genuine Produce of the Grain fuch Meal or Flour fhall import or ought to be, (hall have been mixed up with or put into any Meal or Flour in the PofTefiion of fuch Miller, Mealman or Baker, either in the grinding of any Grain at the Mill, or in the drefling, bolting or manufacturing thereof, whereby the Purity of any Meal or Flour is or fhall be in any wife adulterated, or whether any Alum or other Ingredient fhall have been mixed up with or put into any Dough or Bread in the PofTefiion of any fuch Baker or other Perfon, whereby any fuch Dough or Bread is or fhall be in any wife adulterated; and alio to fearch for Alum or any other Ingredient which may be intended to be ufed in or for any fuch Adulteration or Mixture; and if on any fuch Search it (hall appear that any fuch Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread fo found, fhall have been fo adulterated by the Perfon in whofe PofTefiion it fhall then be, or any Alum or other Ingredient fhall be found, which fhall feem to have been depofited there, in order to be ufed in the Adulteration of Meal, Flour or Bread, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall be lawful for fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juflices of the Peace, or Officer or Officers authorised as aforefaid refpedlively, within the Limits of their refpedive Jurifdi&ions, to feize and take any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread which fhall be found in any fuch Search, and deemed to have been adulterated; and all Alum and other Ingredients and Mixtures which fhall be found and deemed to have been ufed or intended to be ufed in or for any fuch Adulteration as aforefaid, and fuch Part thereof as fhall be feized by any Peace Officers authorised as aforefaid, fhall, with all convenient Speed after Seizure, be carried to fome Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juflices of the Peace, within the Limits of whofe Jurifdi&ion the fame fhall have been fo feized; and if any Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juflices, who fhall authorife any fuch Seizure to be made in purfuance of this A£l, or to whom any thing fo feized under the Authority of this A6t fhall be brought, fhall adjudge that any fuch Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread fo feized has been adulterated by any unwholefome or improper Mixture or Ingredient put therein, or (hail adjudge that any Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture, fo found as aforefaid, have been depofited or kept where fo found, for the pur-pofe of adulterating Meal, Flour or Bread, then and in any fuch Cafe every Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juflices of the Peace, is and are hereby required, within the Limits of their re-fpeftive Jurifdi&ions, to difpofe of the fame as he or they, in his or their Difcretion, fhall from time to time think proper.

VIII. And be it further ena&ed, That every Miller, Mealman or Baker, out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, in whofe Houfe, Mill, Shop, Stall, Bakehoufe, Bolting-houfe, Paflry Warehoufe, Outhoufe, Ground or PofTefiion, any Alum* or other Ingredient or Mixture fhall be found, which fhall, sifter due Examination, be adjudged by any Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juflices of the Peace, to have been depofited there for the purpofe of being ufed in adulterating Meal, Flour or Bread, fhall, on being convi&ed of any fuch Offence, either by his, her or their own Con-

feffion,

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. in

C# &&•

127

feffion, or by the Oath or Affirmation as aforefaid, of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, forfeit and pay, on every filch Conviction, any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, or in default of Penalty. Payment thereof, fhall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of the Magiftrate or Magi (I rates, Juftice or Juftices, before whom fuch Offender fhall be convi&ed, be committed to the Jf n<*

Houfe of Correftion, or fome other Prifon of the City, County or ImPn80nxnent-

Place, where the Offence fhall have been committed, or the Offender

or Offenders fhall be apprehended, there to remain for any time not

exceeding Six Calendar Months from the time of fuch Commitment,

nnlefs fuch Penalty (hall be fooner paid, as any fuch Magiftrate or

Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices fhall think fit and order, unlefs the Ptotymsy dis-

Party or Parties charged with any fuch Offence fhall make it appear f^TO® hinwdf

to the Satisfaction of the Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juf-

tices, before whom any fuch Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture Qf tj,e charge.

fhall be brought, that fuch Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture

was not nor were brought or lodged, where the fame was or were

found or feized, with any Defign or Intent to have been put into

any Meal, Flour or Bread, or to have adulterated therewith the

Purity of any Meal, Flour or Bread, but that the fame was or were

in the Place or Places in which the fame fhall have been fo found or

feized as aforefaid, for fome other lawful Purpofe; and that it fhall

be lawful for the Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices before

whom any fuch Offender fhall be convi&ed, to caufe the Offender’s

Name, Place of Abode and Offence to be puhlifhed in fome Newf-

paper which fhall be printed, puhlifhed or circulated in or near the

County, I>ivifion, Riding or DiftriCt where the faid Offence fhall

be committed, and to defray the Expence of publifhing the fame out

of the Money to he forfeited as laft mentioned, if any fhall be paid

or lwcovered.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons Obstructing

(hall wilfully obftruft or hinder any fuch Search as hereinbefore is Search, or euthorifed to be made, or the Seizure of any Meal, Flour, Dough	w

or Bread, or of any Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture which ingredients to fhall be found on any fuch Search, and deemed to have been lodged adulterate it; with an Intent to adulterate the Purity or Wholefomenefs of any

Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread, or fhall wilfully oppofe or refill any fnch Search being made, on the carrying away any fuch Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture as aforefaid, or any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread which (hall be feized as being adulterated, or as not being made purfuant to this A61, he, fhe or they fo doing or offending in any of the Cafes laft aforefaid, fhall for every fuch Offence, on being cosvi&ed thereof, forfeit and pay fuch Sum, not exceeding Forty Penalty. Shillings, nor lefs than Twenty Shillings, as the Magiftrate or Ma-giftrates, Juftice or Juftices before whom fuch Offender or Offenders mall be convi&ed, (hall think fit and order and dire£l.

X.	And be it further ena6led, That where no Affize is fet, the Weight of the feveral Loaves hereafter mentioned of every Sort of Bread which •everal Sorts of fhall be made for Sale out of the City of London and the Liberties ^oav?a °f thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles ^Assize**, of the Royal Exchange, fhall always weigh in Avoirdupoife Weight

as follows, (that is to.fay,) every Peck Loaf fhall weigh Seventeen-PnnnH* ftir Hnn/^s. ewrr Waif Pwlr T-naf T?irrhf Pounds Eleven

Five Ounces

C. 36.

59= GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Scales and Weights to be kept by Baker, so weigh Bread if required.

Penalty.

Selling Bread abort of Weight.

Penalty.

Penalty not incurred, unless Bread weighed in Presence of Magistrate, and of Offender if he appear on ■Summons, and on Evidence that Bread is then in the same State as herein mentioned.

Proviso fbr French Bread, &c.

Baking and Veiling oo Sundays.

and an Half, every Half Quarter of a Peck Loaf Two Pounds Two Ounces and Three Quarters; and that every Baker and Seller of Bread (hall caufe to be fixed in fome convenient Part of his or her Shop a Beam and Scales with proper Weights, in order that every Perfon or Perfons who may purchale any Bread of any fuch Baker or Seller of Bread, may, if he, (he or they (hall think proper, require the fame to be weighed in his, her or their own Prefence; and that if any Baker or Seller of Bread out of the .City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, (hall negled to fix fuch Beam and Scales in fome convenient Part of his or her Shop, or to provide and keep for Ufe proper Weights, or whofe Weights (hall be deficient in their due Weight, or who (hall refufe to weigh any Bread pur-chafed in his or her Shop in the Prefence of the Party or Parties requiring the fame, he, (he or they (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, as the Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juft ice or Juftices before whom fuch Offender (hall be convi&ed, (hall order and dired.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That every Baker or Seller of Bread out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Tcft Miles of the Royal Exchange, who (hall fell and deliver any Peck, Half Peck, Quarter of a Peck, or Half Quarter of a Peck Loaf or Loaves of Bread* which, on an Average of the whole Weight of Bread fold at one and the fame time to any Cuftomer, (hall be deficient in its due Weight according to the Weight of the feveral Loaves as are hereinbefore direded refpedivqly to weigh, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every Ounce deficient in Weight, and fo in proportion for any Quantity lefs than One Ounce, as the Juftice or Juftices before whom fuch Offender (hall be convicted (hall think fit to order and direct: Provided alu ays, that no Baker or Seller of Bread (hall be liable for any Deficiency in the Weight of any Bread, unlefs the fame (hall be weighed in the Prefence of the Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, before whom fuch Offender (hall be fummoned, and of the Offender, in cafe he or (he (hall appear before the Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, in purfuance of a Summons, and the Deficiency of Weight thereof afeertained, within Twenty fouj Hours next following the time of the fame having been baked; and unlefs Evidence be given before fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, to his or their Satisfaction, by One or more difinterefted Witnefs or Witnefles, that the faid Bread was in precifely the fame State when produced to be weighed before fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, as when the fame was taken from fuch Baker or Seller of Bread, rcafonable and due Allowance being made for fuch Bread having naturally become dryer during the time intervening between the felling and finally weigning the lame before fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices as aforefaid; and that nothing in this Ad contained (hall be conftrued to extend or to include fuch Bread as is ufually made and fold under the Denomination of French or Fancy Bread, or Rolls or Cakes.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Mailer* Miftrefs, Journeyman or other Perfon refpedively, exercifing or employed in the Trade or Calling of a Baker out of the City of

%	London,

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.36.

129

London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, fhall, on the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday, or any Part thereof, make or bake any Houiehold or other Bread, Rolls or Cakes of any Sort or Kind, or ihall on any Part of the faid Day fell or expofe to Sale, or permit or fuffer to be fold or expofed to Sale, any Bread, Rolls or Cakes of any Sort or Kind, except to Travellers, or in Cafes of urgent Neceffity ; or bake or deliver, or permit or fuffer to be baked or delivered, any Meat, Pudding, Pie, Tart or Vi&uals, at any time after half paft One of the Clock in the Afternoon of that Day, or 'in any other manner exercife the Trade or Calling of a Baker, or be engaged or employed in the Bufinefs or Occupation thereof; fave and except as aforefaid, and alfo fave and except fo far as may be necef-fary in fetting and fu peri n ten ding the Sponge to prepare the Bread or Dough for the following Days Baking; and that no Meat, Pudding, Pie, Tart or Vi&uals (hall be brought to or taken from any Bakehoufe during the time of Divine Service in the Church, Parifh, Hamlet or Place where the fame is fituate, nor within One Quarter of an Hour of the time of Commencement thereof; and every Perfon offending againft the foregoing Regulations, or any One or more of them, and being thereof convi&ed before any Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the City, County or Place where the Offence fhall be committed, within Two Days from the Conuniffion thereof, either upon the View of fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, or on Confeffion by the Party, or Proof by One or more Witnefs upon Oath or Affirmation as aforefaid, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay, and undergo the Forfeiture, Penalty and Punifhment hereinafter mentioned; (that is to fay,) for the Firft Offence the Penalty of Five Shillings, for the Second Offence the Penalty of Ten Shillings, and for every Third and fubfequent Offence refpe&ively, the Penalty of Twenty Shillings ; and fhall moreover on every fuch Convi&ion bear and pay the Cofts and Expences of the Profecution, fuch Cofts and Expences to be affeffed, fettled and afcertained by the Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices of the Peace convi&ing; and the Amount thereof, together with fuch Part of the Penalty as fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices of the Peace fhall think proper, to the Profccutor or Profecutors. for Lofs Of time in inftituting and following up the Profecution, at a Rate not exceeding Three Shillings per Diem, and be paid to the Profecutor or Profecutors for his and their own Ufe and Benefit; and the Refidue of fuch Penalty to be paid to fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, and within Seven Days after his or their Receipt thereof, to be tranfmitted by him or them to the Churchwardens or Overfeers of the Parifh or Parifhes where the Offence fhall be committed, to be applied for the Benefit of the Poor thereof; and in cafe the whole Amount of the Penalty and of the Cofts and Expences as aforefaid, be not paid within 'Fhre^ D^ys after the Conviftion of the Offender or Offenders, fuch Mag: (Irate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices of the Peace fhall and may, by Warrant under their refpe&ive Hands and Seals or Hand acj Seal, diredl the fame to be levied and raifed by Diftrefs and Sale of th ’ Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders; or in de-or Inefficiency of fuch Diftrefs, to commit the Offender or Ornd.*n to the Houfe of Corre&ion, on a Firft Offence for any Gi:o. III.	K	.	time

Hours.

Exception for setting and superintending the Sponge.

First Offence. Second Offence. Third and subsequent Offence.

Allowance to Prosecutor for Lo&s of time.

Recovery and Application of Penalty.

190

C. 96.

69° GEO. IIL

A.D. 1819.

Miller, Meal-man or Baker, acting as a Justice of Peace in the Execution of this Act; Penalty.

Offences against this Act may be heard in a summary Way by Magistrates within their respective Jurisdictions.

Offender not appearing on Summons, Proceedings.

Penalties may be levied by Distress and Sale.

time nAt. exceeding Fourteen Days, and on the Second or any fubfe-quent Offence, for any time not exceeding Twenty one Days, unlefi the Whole of the Penalty, Cofts and Expences be fooner paid and difeharged.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Perfon who (hall follow or be concerned in the Bufinefs of a Miller, Mealman or Baker, (hall be capable of ading or fhall be allowed to ad as a Magiftrate or Juftice of the Peace under this Ad, or in putting in execution any of the Powers in or by this Ad granted ; and if any Miller, Mealman or Baker fhall prefume fo to do, he or they to offending in the Premifes, fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Perfon or Perfons who fhall inform or fue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlmnfler, by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Effoign, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance fhall be allowed.

XIV.	And for the better and more, eafy Recovery of the feveral Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred under this Ad, and the Powers herein contained; be it further enaded. That it fhall be lawful for the Mayor or any Alderman of any City, and to and for any other of His Majefty’s Juitices of the Peace or any of them, within their refpedive Counties, Divifions, Cities, Towns Corporate, Liberties or Junfdidions beyond the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, to hear and determine in a fummary Way all Offences committed againil the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, and for that Purpofe to fummon before them or any of them, within their refpedive Jurifdidions, any Party or Parties accufed of being an Offender or Offenders againfl the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad ; and in cafe the Party accufed fhall not appear on fuch Summons, or offer fome reafonable Excufe for his Default, then upon Oath or Affirmation as aforefaid, by any credible Witnefs or Witneffes, of any Offence committed contrary to the true Intent an.d Meaning of this Ad, any fuch Magiftrate or Juftice fhall iffue his Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Offender or Offenders within the Junf-didion of any fuch Magiftrate or Juftice; and upon the Appearance of the Party or Parties accufed, or in cafe he, fhe or they fhall not appear on Notice being given to or left for him, her or them, at his, her or their ufual Place of Abode, or if he, fhe or they cannot be apprehended on a Warrant granted againft him, her or them, as is hereinbefore direded, then and in every fuch Cafe any fuch Magiftrate or Juftice is and are hereby authorised and required to proceed to make Inquiry touching the Matters complained of, and to examine any Witnefs or Witneffes who fhall be offered on either Side, on Oath or Affirmation as aforefaid, and which Oath and Affirmation every fuch Magiftrate and Juftice is and are hereby authorifed, empowered and required to adminifter, and after hearing the Parties who (hall appear, ana the Witneffes who fhall be offered on either Side, fuch Magiftnf* or Juftice fhall convid or acquit the Party or Parties accufed; and if the Penalty or Money forfeited on any fuch Convidion, fhall not be paid within the Space of Twenty four Hours after any fuch Convidion, every fuch Magiftrate or Juftice fhall thereupon iffue a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, direded to any Peace Officer or Officers within their refpedive Jurifdi&iouo, and thereby

require

A J). 1819,

S9° GEO. III.

C. 36*

131

require him or them to make Diftrefs of the Goods or Chattels of the Offender or Offenders within fuch their refpe&ive Jurifdi&ions, to fatiafy fuch Penalty or Money forfeited, and the Cofts of the Profe-cvdon and Diftrefs; and if any Offender fhould convey away his Goods out of the Jurifdi&ion of any fuch Magiftrate or Juft ice before whom he or ihe was convi&ed, or to much thereof that the Penalty or Money forfeited cannot be levied, then fome Magiftrate or Juuice within whofe Jurisdiction the Offender (hall have removed his Goods, (hall hack the Warrant granted by any fuch Magiftrate or Juftioe as aforefaid, and thereupon the Penalty forfeited (hall be levied op the Offender’s Goods and Chattels by Diftrefs and Sale; and if within Five Days from the Diftrefs being taken, the Penalty or Money forfeited and Cofts (hall not be paid, the Goods feized (hall be ap-praifed and fold, rendering the Overplus, (if any,) after deducting the Penalty or Forfeitures, and the Cofts and Charges of the Profecution, Diftrefs and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof, which Charges (hall be afeertained by the Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juf-tices before whom any fuch Offender or Offenders (hall have been fo convided, or by the Magiftrate or Juftice who backed the Warrant, if then alive, and if not, by fome other Magiftrate or Juftice of the City, County, Divifion or Place in which the Offender (hall have been convi&ed, on Application for that Purpofe to be made to any fuch Magiftrate or Juftice; and for want of fuch Diftrefs, then every fuch Magiftrate or Juftice within whofe refpe&ive Jurifdi&ion any fuch Offender or. Offenders (hall refide or be, (hall, on the Application of any Prosecutor or Profecutors, and Proof on Oath or Affirmation as aforefaid, made of the Conviction and Nonpayment of the Penalty and Charges, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal commit every fuen Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or Honfe of Correction of the City, County, Divifion or Place, where fuch Offender or Offenders (hall be found, there tp remain for the Space of One Calendar Month from the time of fuch Commitment, unlefs after fuch Commitment Payment (haH be made of the faid. Penalty or Forfeiture, and Cofts and Charges, before the Expiration of the faid One Calendar Month ; and all fuch Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, (hall be paid, One Half to the Informer, and the other Half (hall be paid to the Magif-trne or Magiftrates, Juftice pr Juftiees of the Peace, and within Seven Days after bis or their Receipt thereof, to be tranfmitted by him or them to the Churchwardens or Overfeers of the Parifh or Parifhes where the Offence (hall be committed, to be applied for the Benefit of the Poor thereof.

XV.	And be it further eaa&ed, That if it (hall be made out by the Oath (or Affirmation as aforefaid) of any credible Perfon or Perfons, to the Satisfaction of any Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftiees, that any Perfon or Perfons within the Jurifdi&ion of any fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftiees, is or are likely to give or offer material Evidence on behalf of the Profecutor of any Offender or Offenders againft the true Intent and Meaning of this ASt, or on behalf of the Perfon or Perfons accufed, and will sot voluntarily appear before fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftiees, to be examined and give his, her or their Evidence upon Oath or Affirmation as aforefaid concerning the Premifes, every fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftiees, is and are hereby aa$orifed and required to iffue his or their Summons to Convene

K 2	every

If Goods of Offender removed, Proceedings.

If no Distress, Imprisonment.

Power to summon and compel the Attendance of Witnesses.

C. 36.

s&® geo. iii;

A.D.1819.

Witness refusing to attend on Summons;

Proceedings.

Persons refusing to be examined, Proceedings.

Persons forswearing them-selves;

Peijury.

Form of Conviction.

every fuch Witnefs and Witneffes before any fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, at fuch feafonable time or times as in fuch Summons (hall be fixed; and if any Perfon or Perfons fo fum-moned (hall negleft or refufe to appear, after having been paid' or tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her or their Cofts, Charges and Exjpences, at the time by fuch Summons appointed, and no juft Ex-cufe (hall be offered for fuch Negleft or Refufal, then after Proof upon Oath or Affirmation as aforefaid, of fuch Summons having been duly ferved upon the Party or Parties fo fummoned, every fuen Magiftrate and Magiftrates, Juftice and Juftices, is and are hereby authorised and required to iffue his or their Warrant or Warrants, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, to bring every fuch Perfon or Perfons before any fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices ; and on the Appearance of any fuch Perfon or Perfons before fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, every fuch Magiftrate or Juftice is and are hereby authorised and empowered to examine upon Oath (or Affirmation) every fuch Witnefs; and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons, on his, her or their Appearance, or on being brought before any fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, (hall refufe to be examined upon Oath (or Affirmation) concerning the Premifes, without offering any juft Excufe for fuch Refufal, any fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, within the Limits of his or their Jurifdiftion, may by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, commit any Perfon or Perfon8 fo refufing to be examined to the Public Prifon of the City, County, Divifion, Liberty or Place, in which the Perfon or Perfons fo refufing to be examined (hall be, there to remain for any time not exceeding Fourteen Days, as any fuch Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices,, (hall order and direft-

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall take any Oath for Affirmation ) by this Alt direfted to be taken, or be examined on Oath (or Affirmation) by virtue or in the execution of this Aft, (hall wilfully forfwear or (hall falfely affirm him-felf, herfelf or themfelves, every fuch Perfon or Penons (hall be fubjeft and be liable to be profecuted for Peijury by Indiftment or Information, according to due Courfe of Law; and if convifted thereof, (hall be fubjeft and liable to the like Pains and Penalties which Perfons convifted of wilful and corrupt Peijury are fubjeft and liable to.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That the Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, before whom any Perfon or Perfons fhall be convifted in manner prescribed by this Aft, (hall caufe every fuch Conviftion to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effeft following } (that is to fay),

.	) BE it remembered, That on this	Day

towu. J- -L> of	in	the	Year	of the Reign

of His prefent Majefty, A. B. is convifted before

Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the faid County of	or9	for	the

Divifion of the faid County of or for the City, Liberty or Town, [at the cafe may be~\ for

and do adjudge him, her or them [at the cafe may to forfeit and pay for the (ame the Sum of Given under	Hand	and Seal the Day and Year aforefaid.1

XVIII. And

A .D.181&

59• GEO- III.

Q.36.

133

XVIIL And be it farther ena&ed, That no Certiorari, Letters of Advocation or of Sufpenfion, (hall be granted to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon in purfuance of this

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons convi&ed of any Offence punifhable by this A&, (hall think him, her or themfelves aggrieved by the Judgment of the Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, before whom he, (he or they (hall have been convi&ed, fuch Perfons (hall have Power from time to time to appeal to the Juftices at the next General or General Quarter Semons of the Peace, which (hall be held for the City, County, Divifion, Liberty, Town or Place, where fuch Judgment (hall have been given, ana that the Execution of fuch Judgment (hall in fuch Cafe be fufpended, the Perfon fo convi&ed entering into a Recognifance at the time of fuch Convi&ion, or within Twenty four Hours after the fame (hall be made, with Two fufficient Sureties, in double the Sum which fuch Perfon (hall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon condition to profecute fuch Appeal with effeCt, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination- of the Juftices at their faid next General or General Quarter Seflions; which Recognifance the Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, before whom fuch Convi&ion (hall be made, is- and. are hereby empowered and required to take ; and the Juftices in. the faid General or General Quarter Seflions are hereby authorifed and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of every fuch Appeal, and to award fuch Cofts as to them (hall appear juft and reafonable to be paid by either Party ; and if upon hearing the faid Appeal, the Judgment of the Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juftices, before whom the Appellant or Appellants (hall have been convi&ed, (hall be confirmed, fuch Appellant or Appellants, (hall immediately, or within Twenty four Hours afterwards^ pay down, the Sum he, (he or they (hall have been adjudged to have forfeited, together with fuch Cofts as the faid Juftices, in their faid General or General Quarter Seffiona, (hall award , to be paid to the Frofecutor or Informer, for defraying the Expences fuftained by reafon of any fuch Appeal; and in default of the Appellants paying the fame, any Two Juftices, or any One Magiftrate or Juftice of the Peace, having Jurifdi&ion in the Place into which any fuch Appellant or Appellants (hall efcape, or where he, (he or they (hall refide, (hall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or his Hand and Seal, commit every fuch Appellant or Appellants to the Common Gaol of the City, County, Divifion or Place where he, (he or they, (hall be apprehended, until he, (he or they (hall make payment of fuch Penalty, and of the Cofts and Charges which (hall be adjudged on the Convi&ion; but if the Appellant or Appell ants in any fuch Appeal (hall make good his, her or their Appeal, and be difcharged of the faid Convi&ion,. reafonable Cofts (hail be awarded to the Appellant or Appellants againft fuch Informer or Informers,,who would (in cafe of fuch Convi&ion) have been entitled to a Moiety of the Penalty to have been recovered as aforefwL and which Cofts (hall and may be recovered by the Appellant or Appellants againft any fuch Informer or Informers, in like manner as Cofts given, at any' General or General Quarter Seflions are recoverable\ provided always, that no Perfon (hall be

K 3	detained

Conviction not removeable.

Appeal.

Recognisance.

Determination-

finaL

Costs.

Default of Payment, Proceedings.

Costs to Ap. pellant making good his Appeal.

59* GEO. IIL

If Conviction happen to be within Six Days of the Sessions, Appeal may then be made to the Sessions following.

Limitation of Actions against Justices or Peace Officers.

Certain Provisions of *4 G. 7. c. 44. extended to JMagistrates acting under the Authority of this Act.

Notice of Action, Ac. against Peace Officer, Ac.

Tender of Amends pleaded in Bar. an^ General Issue.

In case of Nonsuit, Ac.

C.S6.

A.D. 1819.

detained in Prifon for any fuch Offence for a greater length of time than Six Calendar Months.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if any fuch Conviftion (hall happen to be made within Six Days before any General or General Quarter Seflions of the Peace fhall be held for the City, County, Divifion, Town Corporate, Borough or Place where fuch Conviction (hall have been made, then the Party or Parties who fhall think him, her or themfelves aggrieved by any fuch Conviftion, (hall and may, on entering into Recognifance in manner and for the Purpofes before direfted, be at liberty to appeal either to the then next or next following General or General Quarter Seffions of the Peace which fhall be held for any fuch County, Divifion, City, Town Corporate, Borough, Liberty or Place, where any fuch Conviftion (hall have been made.

XXL And be it further enafted, That every Aftion or Suit which (hall be brought or commenced againft any Magiftrate or Magiftrates, Juftice or Juft ices, or any Peace Officer or Officers, for any Matter or Thing done or committed by virtue of or under this Aft, (hall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Faft committed, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid or brought in the City, County or Place where the Matter in difpute fhall arife, and not elfewhere; and that the Statute made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An AS for rendering Juftices of the Peace more fafe in the Execution of their Office, and for indemm-fying Con Rabies and others aSing in obedience to their Warrants, fo far as the faid A A relates to the rendering the Juftices more fafe in the Execution of their Office, (hall extend and be conftrued to extend to the Magiftrate and Magiftrates, Juftice and Juftices of the Peace, afting under the Authority or in purfuaxrce of this Aft ; and that no Aftion or Suit (hall be had or commenced againft, nor (hall any Writ be iffued out, or Copy of any Writ be ferved upon any Peace Officer or Officers, for any thing done in the Execution of this Aft, until Seven Days after Notice in Writing (hall have been given to or left for him or them, at his or their ufual Place of AboSt9 by the Attorney for the Party intended to commence fuch Aftion, which Notice in Writing (hall contain the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon intending to bring fuch Aftion, and alfo of his Attorney, and likewife the Caufe of Aftion or Complaint; and any Peace Officer or Officers (hall be at liberty and may, by virtue of this Aft, at anytime within Seven Days after any fuch Notice (hall have been given to or left for him, tender or caufe to be tendered any Sum or Sums of Money, as Amends for the Injury complained ‘ of; to the Party complaining, or to the Attorney named in fuch Notice 5 and if the fame is not accepted of, the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Aftion or Aftions may plead fuch Tender in bar of fuch Aftion or Aftion** together with the General IfTue or any other Plea, with Leave1 of thfe Court in which the Aftion fhall be commenced; and if upon Iflbe joined on fuch Tender, the Jury fhall find Amends tendered to have been fufficient, they fhall find a Verdift for the Defendant or De^ fcndants; and in every fuch Cafe, or if the Plaintiff (hall become nott* fuit, or difcontinue his Aftion, or if Judgment (hall be given for the Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer, or if any Aftion or Suit fhall be brought after the time limited by this Aft for bringing the fame, or fhall be brought in any other County or Place than as1 afore*-

faid.

7

AJD. 18 lfc

5$° GEO. nr.

C. 86.

135

laid, then and in every fuch Cafe the Jury (hall find a Verdid for the Defendant or Defendants, and the Defendant or Defendants fhall be entitled to his or their Coils; but if the Jury fhall find that no fuch Tender was made, or that the Amends tendered were not fuffi-cient, or fhall find againft the Defendant or Defendants on any Plea or Pleas by him or them pleaded, they fhall then give a Verdid for the Plaintiff, and fuch Damages as they fhall think proper, and the Plaintiff fhall thereupon recover his Cofts again ft every fuch Defendant or Defendants.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Adion or Suit fhall be commenced againft any other Perfon or Pferfons than a Juftice or other Peace Officer, for any thing done in purfuance of this Ad, the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Adion or Suit may plead the General Iflue, and give this Ad and the fpecial Matter m Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this Ad; and if it fhall appear to have been fo done, or if a Verdid fhall be recorded for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs fhall be. non-fa’ted, or difeontimie his, her or their Adion after the Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared, or if a Judgment fhall be given upon a Verdid or Demurrer againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Adion fhall and may recover Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant or' Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law tor the Recovery of his, her or their Cofts.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Perfon fhall be convided of any Offence under this Ad, unlefs the Information, in order for fuch Convidion, fhall be exhibited within Fourteen Days after the Offence committed (except in Cafes of Perjury) ; and that no Perfon who fhall be profecuted to Convidion for any Offence done or committed againft this Ad, fhall be liable to be profecuted for the fame Offence under any other Law.

XXIV.	And'be it alfo enaded. That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Ad inflided, the Application of which is not hereinbefore direded, fhall, when recovered or paid,, go and be difpofed of in manner following ; (that is to fay). One Moiety thereof, where any Offender or Offenders fhall be convided either by his, her or their Confeffion, or by the Oath (or Affirmation) of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes, fhall go and be paid to the Perfon or Perfons who fhall*. inform againft and profecute to Convidion any fuch Offender or Offenders; and the other Moiety thereof* or in cafe there’be no fuch Perfon informing, then the whole thereof (hall go and be paid to , the Churchwardens and Overfeers of. the Poor of the Parifh or Parifhes, for the Ufe of the Poor of the Parifh wherein fuch Offence* fhall be committed, in fuch manner as. the faid Churchwardens and Overfeers of the Poor fhall in his or their Difcretion think fit.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That neither this Ad or any thing contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extetod to prejudice' the ancient Right or Guftom of the Two Univerfities of Oxford or Cambridge or either of them, or their or either of their Clerks of the Market, or the Ptadice within the feveral Jurifdidions of the faid Univerfities, or either of them, ufed, to fet, afeertain and appoint the Affize and Weight of all Sorts, of Bread to be fold or expofed to fale* within their fevdral Jorifdi&iotis.;, but that they and'

K 4	every

Costs.

If DO Tender of Amends, Ac. Verdict for Plaintiff

Limitation of other Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs_

Persons con-victedxinder this Act, not liable to other ' Prosecution.

Application of ;* Penalties..

Proviso for Rights of the* Umvenities,&Cfr.

136

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Commencement of Act.

Public Act.

9 Ann. c. 5. §*•

33 G. 2. c.ac. 51.

41 G. 3. c. iox.

C.36,37.

every of them (hall and may Severally and respectively from time to time, as there (hall be Occafion, fet, afcertain and appoint, within their Several and refpe&ive Jurisdictions, the Aflize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be Sold or expofed to Sale by any Baker or other Perfon whatfoever within the Limits of their Several Jurisdictions, and (hall and may inquire into and punifh any Breach thereof fully and freely in all refpeCts, as they ufed to do, and as if this ACt had never been made ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof not-withftanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enaCted, That this ACt (hall commence and take effeCt from and immediately after One Calendar Month from the palling therepf.

XXVII.	And be it further enaCted, That this ACt (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public ACt, and (hall he judicially taken Notice of as Such by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being pecially pleaded.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Aft for further regulating the Qualification of Members to Serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland\

[14th June 1819.]

4 \\T HE REAS by an ACt pa(Ted in the Ninth Year of the Reign 4 W of Her late Majefty Queen Anne, intituled An AS for fc-4 curing the Freedom of Parliamenty by the further qualifying the Mem-4 here to Jit in the Houfe of Commonly it was amongft other Things 4 enaCted, that no Perfon ihould be capable to fit or vote as a Mem-

*	ber of the Houfe of Commons, for any County, City, Borough or 4 Place, within that Part of Great Britain called Englandy the Do-4 minion of Wales, and Town of Berwick on Tweed, who (hould not

*	have an Eft ate. Freehold or Copyhold, for his own Life, or for 4 fome greater Eftate either in Law or Equity, to and for his own 4. Ufe and Benefit, of or in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, over 4 and above what would Satisfy and clear all Incumbrances that might • 4 affeft the Same, lying or being within that Part of Great Britain 4 called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon 4 Tweed, of the refpeftive annual Value therein limited: And 4 Whereas by an Aft pafled in the Thirty third Year of the Reign

.4 of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled An A3 to 4 enforce and render more efeSual the Laws relating to the Qualification 4 of Members to Jit in the Houfe of Commons, it was enafted, that every 4 Perfon (except as in the Said Aft is excepted) who (hould be 4 elefted a Member of the Houfe of Commons (hould, at the time 4 and in the manner therein direfted, produce and deliver to the Clerk 4 of the Said HouSe, at the Table of the Said Houfe, a Paper or 4 Account, Signed by Such Member, containing the Names of the 4 Parifties, Townlhips, Precinfts and Counties, in which the Lands,

4 Tenements and Hereditaments lay, whereby fuch Member (hould 4 make out his Qualification; and mould alfo take and fubfcribe the 4 Oath in the Said laft recited Aft mentioned and contained: And 4 Whereas an Aft was made in the Forty firft Year of the Reign 4 of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for regulating, until the 4 Firjl Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and two, the Trial of 4 Controverted Eledions or Returns of Members to ferve in the United

4 Parliament

A.D. 1819k

59° GEO. III.

C. 37, 88.,

137

1 ParSament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United

*	Kingdom called Ireland, and for regulating the Qualification of Members 1 to ferve in the faid United Parliament: And Whereas it is juft

*	and expedient that the Provifions of the laft recited Adi, fo far as 1 relates to the Pofleflion of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments 4 within Ireland, as a Qualification for Members to ferve in Parlia-4 ment for Places within England and Wales, (hould be extended to 4 Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments within Scotland:* Be it therefore ena&ed by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aiTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it fliall be fufficient that fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereby any Perfon who from and after the pafluig of this Adi fhall be eledled a Member of the Houfe of Commons of the Parliament of the faid United Kingdom, for any. County, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town or Place within that. Part of the faid United Kingdom called Englandor the Dominion of Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy or within that Part of the faid United Kingdom called Ireland9 fhall make out his Qualification in manner by the faid Adis of the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majefty Queen Anne, and the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majefty, diredled, fhall lie or be either within that Part of the faid United Kingdom called England, or the Dominion of Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweedy or within that Part of the faid United Kingdom called Scotland, or within that Part of the faid United Kingdom called Ireland; any Thing in the faid Ads palfed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majefty Queen Anne, or in the faid Adi pafTed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, to the contrary

CAP. XXXVIIL

An A€t to enable His Majefty to make Regulations with refpedt to the taking and curing Filh on certain Parts of the Coafts of Newfoundland, Labrador, and His Majefty’s other Pof-fdfions in North America, according to a Convention made between His Majefty and the United States of America*

[14th June 1819.]

4 TXT HERE AS a Convention between His Majefty and the United * W States of America was made and figned at London, on the 4 Twentieth Day of OSober One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen ; 4 and by the Fim Article of the faid Convention, reciting that Dif-4 ferences had arifen refpedling the Liberty claimed by the United 4 States for the Inhabitants thereof to take, dry and cure Filh in 4 certain Coafts, Bays, Harbours and Creeks of His Britannic 4 Majefty’s Dominions in America, it is agreed, that the Inhabitants I 4 of the (aid United States fhall have for ever, in common with the I 4 Subje&s of His Britannic Majefty, the Liberty to take Filh of every

<	Kind on that Part of the Southern Coaft or Newfoundland whicn « extends from Cape Ray to the Rameau Illands, on the Weflera and

<	Northern Coafts of Newfoundland, from the faid Cape Ray to the « Quirpon Iflands, on the Shores of the Magdalen Illands, and alfo

• on

The Lands whereby any Person shall make out his Qualification to serve as a Member for any Place in England or Ireland, may lie either in England, Scotland or Ireland.

Convention dated floth Oct. x8x8.

1

C. 38.

59* GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

HU Majesty in Council rrmj moke Regulations for carrying the Convention into effect.

Foreigners and Persons in Foreign Vowels not to fish within a certain Distance of any British Harbour in America riBtiftfi chidedHn th«r

limits^ scribed by the Convention.

Penalty. 1

‘ on the Coafts, Bays, Harbours and Creeks from Mount JoJy on ‘ the Southern Coafts of Labrador, to and through the Straits of ‘ Belletfle, and thence northwardly indefinitely along the Coaft,

‘ without Prejudice however to any of the exclufive Rights of the ‘ Hudfons Bay Company ; and it was alfo by the faid Article of

*	the faid Convention agreed, that the Amerj^an Fifhermen (hould ‘ have liberty for ever to dry and cure Fi(h in any of the unfettled ‘ Bays, Harbours and Creeks of the Southern Part of the Coaft of ‘ Newfoundland above deferibed, and of the Coaft of Labrador, but ‘ that fo foon as the fame, or any Portion thereof, (hould be fettled,

‘ it (hould not be lawful for the faid Fifhermen to dry or cure Fifh ‘ at fuch Portion fo fettled, without previous Agreement for fuch ‘ Purpofe with the Inhabitants, Proprietors or Pofleffors of the ‘ Ground : And Whereas it is expedient that His Majefty (hould be

*	enabled to carry into execution to much of the faid Convention as ‘ is above recited, and to make Regulations for that Purpofe Be it therefore ena&ed by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Ad, it mall and may be lawful for His Majefty, by and with the Advice of His Majefty* 8 Privy Council, by any Order cut Orders in Council, to be from time to time made for that Purpofe, to make fuch* Regulations, and to give fuch Diredions, Orders and Inftrudions to the Governor of Newfoundland, or to any Officer or Officers on that Station, or to any other Perfon or Perfona whomsoever, as (hall or may be from time to time deemed proper and neceflary for the carrying into EfFed the Purpofes of the (aid Convention, with relation to the taking, drying and curing of Fi(h by Inhabitants of the United States of America, in common with Britijb Subjeds, within the Limits fet forth in the faid Article of the faid Convention, and hereinbefore recited; any Ad or Ads of Parliament, or any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

IE And be it further enaded. That from and after the palling of this Ad it lhall not he lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, not being a'nathral bom Sobjed of His Majefty, in any Foreign Ship, VeflH or Bd&t, nor1 for any Perfon in any Ship, Veflel or Boat, other than fuch as (hall be' navigated according to the Laws of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to fifh for, or to take, dry or cure* any Fi(h of any Kind whatever, within Three Marine Miles of apy Coafts, Bays, Creeks or Harbours whatever, in any Part of His Majefty's Dominions in America, not included within the Limits fpecified an<f* deferibed in the Inrft’ Article of the faid Convention, and . hereinbefore recited; and that if any fuch Foreign Ship,. Veflel or Boat, or any Perfons on board thereof, (hall be found fi thing, a of to have'been fi(hmg, or preparing to fifh within fuch Diftance of fuch Coafts. Bays, Creeks or Harbours, within fuch Parts of His tfajeftV’; D ominions in Akerica out of the faid Limits as aforfcfaid* all fuck Ships, Veflels and Boats, together with their Cargoes, and aft Gunsi Ammunition^ Tackle, Apparel, Furniture and Stores, lhall b!e forfeited, and* lhall and may be leized, taken, fued for, profecuted, recovered* and condemned by (uch* and the like Ways, Means and! Methods, and in the fame Courts, as Ship's, Veflels or' Boats may t>e forfeited, feized, pfofecuted and condemned for any OfFqjice

again!!,

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. Ill,

% C.58.

139

atpinfi any Laws relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms, or the Laws of Trade and Navigation, under any Ad or Ads of the Parliament of Great Britain, or of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelands provided that nothing in this A6k contained {hall apply, or Proviso for be conftrued to apply to the Ships or Subjeds of any Prince, Power Vessels of or State in Amity with His Majefty, who are entitled by Treaty Powers emi-with His Majefty to any Privilege of taking, drying or curing Fifli Jj**thereto bJ on the Coafts, Bays, Creeks or Harbours, or within the Limits in this ******

Ad described.

III.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That it (hall and may be American lawful for any Fifherman of the faid United States to enter into any Fishermen fiich Bays or Harbours of His Britannic Majefty’s Dominions in ^Jf^*** ***<* America as are laft mentioned, for the purpofe of Shelter and repair- Purpp^herein ing Damages therein, and of purchafing Wood and of obtaining mentioned,sub-Water, and for no other Purpofe whatever; fubjed neverthelefs to ject to such fnch Reftridions as may be neceflary to prevent fuch Fifhermen of the Regulations faid United States from taking, aiding or curing Fifh in the faid

Bays or Harbours, or in any other manner whatever abufing the Abuseoftbe faid5 Privileges by the faid Treaty and this Ad referred to them, Treaty* and as (hall for that Purpofe be lmpofed by any Order* or Orders to be from time to time made By His Majefty in Council under the Authority of this Ad, and‘by any Regulations which fhall be iffued by the Governor or Perfon exercinng the Office of Governor in any fuch Parts of His Majefty*s Dominions in America, under* or in pur-fuance of any fnch Order in Council as aforefaicL

IV.	And be it further enaded,' That if any Perfon or Perfons, Refusing upoq upon Requifhion made by the Governor of Newfoundland, or the Requishton, to Perfon exerciftng the Officer of Governor, or by any Governor or

Perfon exererfing the Office of Governor, in any other Parts ofHis obe#bigOfwr»j Majefty* s Dominions in' America as aforefaid, or by any Officer or Officers ading under fticH Governor or Perfon exertifing the Office of Govertiot, in the Executibrf of any Orders 'of InftrUdions frorrf His Majefty in Council, (hall rtfufe to depart' frorti fuch Bays or Harbours ; or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall refufe or negled to conform to arty Regulations or DJredions which fhall be made or given fbr the Execution* of any of the Purpofes of this Ad ; every fuch Perfon fo refuling or' otherwife offending againft this * Ad'{hall forfeit tbe Sum of Two hundred Pounds', to be recovered ill the Superior Psnsltjr.

Court of Judicature of the Ifland of' NtiofotSridlahd, or ih the Superior Court of Judicature of the‘Colony or Settlement yrithin of near to which foch Offence (hall be' committed, or4 by Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His'Majefty* s Couttsof Record at' U^efimin/ier;

One Moiety of fuch Penalty to belong to His Majefty, His Heirs

and Sueceffors, and the other Moiety tb fuch Perfon' or Perfons

as fhall ftie or profecute for* the1 fame : Provided always, that any Limitation of

fnch Suit or* Profecution, if the fame'be comtfiittedm Ncwfoundtana, ftosscution.

or in any other' Colony or* Settlement, ffiall be commenced within

Three Calendar Months; andj iPcornimertcfedm afty of His Majefty*

Cmm at" Weftitds0er, withitfTwrfte'Calendar Months from the tune oftbe*Contanfi&rfof flxchOfferee.

CAP.

C. 39.

590 GEO. lit

A.D.1819.

46 G.3. c#75. 46 G. 3. c. 76.

46 G. 3. c. 83. 46 G. 3. c. 1 jo.

Receivers General of the Revenue, in manner directed by recited Acts, to make Payments into the Exchequer on such Days in every Week as the Treasury shall direct

1 •

Act maybe altered, Ac. this Session.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Ad for the more frequent Payment, into the Receipt of the Exchequer at We/lminfler, of Monies arifing from the Duties of Cuftoms, Excife, Stamps and Poftage in England.	[ 14th June 1819.]

4 TT7HEREAS all and every the Monies arifing by the feveral 4 VV Revenues of Cultoms, Excife, Stamps and Poftage, in 4 England, are by Law required to be paid from time to time weekly 4 into the Receipt of the Exchequer at IVeJtmnfler, by means of 4 Orders made by the Receivers General of the laid Duties refpec-4 tively, upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

4 purfuant to the Diredions contained in Pour feveral Ads of Par-4 liament made in the Forty lixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s 4 Reign, intituled An A3 for the better Regulation of the Office of ,4 Receiver General of the Duties of Excife in England; An A3 for 4 the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Stamps in 4 England 5 An A3 for the better Regulation of the Office of Recetver 4 General of the Poft Office in England; ana An A3 for the better 4 Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Duties of Cujloms 4 in Great Britain : And Whereas it is expedient that fuch Pay-4 ments into the Receipt of the Exchequer (hould be more frequently 4 made :’ Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Conlent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the pafling of this A (ft the feveral and refpedive Receivers General of the Revenues of Cuftoms, Excife, Stamps and Poftage in England refpedively, and the other proper Officers in that behalf refpedively, (hall in Manner and Form as dire<fted by the faid feveral recited Ads of the Forty lixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, and they are hereby refpedively required and ftridly enjoined to pay or cauie to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Wefbninfler on fuch Days in every Week refpedively, as the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ or the Commif-iioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the faid United Kingdom, or any Three ,or more of the faid Commiffioners of the Treafury, lhall, from time to time, dired, order or appoint, all and every the Monies arifing in Great Britain by the feveral Rates and Duties of Cuftoms, Excite, Stamps and Poftage received by or through the faid Receivers General of the faid Revenues refpedively, and afterwards paid by the faid Receivers General refpedively into the Bank of England, as direded by the faid feveral recited Ads refpedively: Provided always, that nothing herein contained lhall extend or be deemed or conftrued to extend to repeal or alter the faid recited Ads of the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty,. or any of. them, except fo far as is exprefsly provided by this Ad.

II. And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be altered* amended or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be palled in this Seflion. of Parliament.

CAP.

A.D. 1819.

590 GEO. III.

C. 40.

Hi

CAP. XL.

An A & to fecure Spiritual Perfons in the PofteJEon of Benefices in certain Cafes.	£	14th	June	1819.]

WHEREAS certain Spiritual Perfons haring been poflefled of Two Benefices, which they were' lawfully entitled to hold together by virtue of a Difpenfation granted Dy the Lord Archbiftiop of Canterbury, and confirmed under the Great Seal, have afterwards, without having refigned or otherwife vacated One of the Benefices fo held by them, obtained a netf Difpenfation to hold another Benefice with One of thofe Benefices of which they were before poflefled, and have thereupon been put into the Pot-feffion of fuch other Benefice, by Nomination, Licence, Inftitution,

Collation and Indu&ion, as the Nature of the faid Benefice might require: And Whereas Doubts have arifen whether, for want of the previous Refignation or other Vacation by fuch Spiritual Perfons of fuch One of the Benefices before poflefled by them by Difpenfation, as was not intended to be held with the laft taken Benefice, the fubfequent Difpenfation was valid in Law, and whether not only the Benefice intended to be made void, but alfo the other Benefice fo previoufly poflefled by fuch Spiritual Perfons, and intended to be held by them with the other Benefice by virtue of fuch fubfequent Difpenfation, have not been rendered void: And Whereas it would be moft injurious to the Spiritual Perfons who now hold Benefices which may have been fo inadvertently rendered mid, and to the Patrons of the faid Benefices, by means of Lapfe to the Bifliop, or the Archbiftiop, or the Crown, if Advantage of fuch Avoidance fhould be taken ; wherefore, and for the Relief of fuch Spiritual Perfons and Patrons/ Be it ena&ed by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Cadent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, ilat in every Cafe which has occurred before the palling of this Securing Bene-AA, where a Spiritual Perfon has obtained a Difpenfation to flees in certain hold a Benefice to which he had been nominated, prefented, or Cases where was to be iicenfed or collated, with a Benefice which he had held	*

with another Benefice by virtue of a former Difpenfation, without holding another haring in due time before refigned or otherwife vacated the other Benefice tliere-Beoefice included in the former Difpenfation, and where, for want of with, fuch previous Refignation or Vacation, the Benefice held by fuch Spiritual Perfon by the former Difpenfation, and intended to be fccured to him by the fubfequent Difpenfation, may have been rendered void, it (hall not be lawful for The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, or any other Patron or Patrons, or for His faid Majefty, or any Archbiftiop or Bilhop, having the Right of Nomination,

Mentation, Licence or Collation, by reafon of Lapfe or otherwife, to any Benefice which may have been fo rendered void, to nominate, prefent, licenfe or collate to any fuch Benefice by reafon of the fane having been rendered void in the manner before mentioned.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That every Spiritual Perfon now incumbents of holding a Benefice, which may have been rendered void at any time such Beneflccs Wore the pafling of this A ft, in the manner before mentioned, fhall to enjoy the ind may, notwithftanding fuch Avoidance thereof, continue hence- Emoluments.

forth

142

C.40, 41.

59° GEO. HI.

A.D. 181*.

And all Acts and Deeds done by such Spiritual Person valid.

Proviso for Bight of Patron to nominate to such Benefices on Death or designation, Ac. of Incumbent

Officers of Health annually to be appointed at Vestries by Inhabitants of Parishes in Cities and largo Towns.

forth to hold and enjpy the fame, and the Fruits, Advantages, Emoluments and Profits thereof, and (hall be and be taken to be, to all Intents and Purpofes in the Law whatfoever, the lawful Incumbent thereof, in* the fame manner as if the Refignation or other Vacation of the other Benefice held therewith by virtue of the former Difpenfaticta had been duly made prior to the fubfequent Dtfpenfation, and fuch fubfequent Difpenfatioc had been good and valid in Law; and that every Spiritual Perfon now holding a Benefice, which may have been fo rendered void, (hall, notwithstanding fuch Avoidance, be taken to have been the lawful Incumbent thereof fince fuch Avoidance happened, to all Intents and Purpofes in the Law whatfoever ; and that all Afts and Deeds whatfoever, which have been done, performed and executed by the Spiritual Perfon or Perfons now holding, or who (hall have held any fuch Benefice fince the Avoidance thereof, in the manner before mentioned, (hall be as valid and effeftual, to all Intents and Purpofes in the Law whatfoever, as if fuch Avoidance had not taken place; any Law, Statute, Canon, Ufage or Cultom to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding y it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, to place & aforefaid Spiritual Perfons, whofe Benefices have or may have become void in the manner before mentioned, precifely in the lame Situation, to all Intents and Purpofes in the Law whatfoever, as if no fuch Avoidance had taken place.

III. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft (hall extend, or be conilrued to extend, to prevent the Patron or Patrons of any Benefice, which may have been rendered void in the manner before mentioned, from nominating, prefenting, licenfing or collating to fuch Benefice, on the Death, Refignation or Ceffion, or other lawful Caufe of Avoidance of or by the Spiritual Perfon now holding any fuch Benefice, in the fame manner as if this A& had not palled ; fave and except as to the Avoidance made before the pafling of this Aft, in the .Manner and under the CircumfUnces particularly mentioned and fet forth herein.

CAP. XLI.

An Aft to eftablHh Regulations for preventing Contagious

Difeafes in Ireland.	[[14th June 1819.]

€ TTTHEREAS it has become highly expedient to provide for

*	VV and fecure conftant Attention to the Health and Comforts

*	of the Inhabitants of Ireland, and for the Prevention of Contagious i Difeafe, more efpecially in the Cities and great Towns thereof; i and that for that Purpofe Officers of Health (hould be annually ‘ appointed in all Cities and large Towns, and that fuch Officers

*	(hould alfo be appointed in fuch Towns, Parifhes and Villages

*	in the Country, as (hall think it proper or neceffary to adopt 1 fuch a Meafure;> Be it therefore enafted by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That within Ons Calendar Month next after the paffing of this Aft, and within One Calendar Month after the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year One thoufond eight hundred and twenty, and in every fubfequent Year, in every City and Town in Ireland\ which (hall contain One

thoufand

A-D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 41.

148

tbouiand Inhabitants, or upwards and in every City and large Town where the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland (hall think fit to dired that this Ad (hall be carried into effed, the Inhabitant Householders of each and every Pari/h in fuch City or Town, afiembled in Veftry, (hall and they are hereby required to eled and appoint any Number of Perfons not lefs than Two, and not more than Five, to be Officers of Health for fuch Pariih, for the Year ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March next after fuch Eledion, and until new Officers of Health (hall be h like manner appointed for fuch Pari(h for the Year enfuing.

II.	And be it further enaded, That fuch Officers of Health, fo to be eleded and appointed, (hall ad in the Execution of this Ad without any Salary, Fee or Reward whatsoever; and that the Expences to be incurred by fuch. Officers in the Execution of their Duties under this Ad, not exceeding fuch Sums as (hall be fpecified and determined on, and limited and dirededat the Veftry to be aflem-blcd for the Choice of fuch Officers, or at any fubfequent Veftry to be called by the faid Officers, (hall be railed and levied on the Inhabitants of fuch Pariih, in fuch Manner and Form as other parochial AffeAments are raifed and levied, and (hall by the faid Officers of Health be applied to the Purpofes of this Ad ; and the Expenditure thereof (hall be accounted for by the faid Officers in fuch manner as other parochial Afiefiments are accounted for, and either st fuch times as other Afiefiments are accounted for according to Law, or at fuch other times and Periods of the Ye#, and as often from time to time as (hall be direded at the Veftry to be afiembled for the Appointment of fuch Officers, or at any other Veftry to be called by Two Inhabitants of fuch Pariih; and that Copies of all fuch Accounts (hall once in every Year, before the Twenty fifth Day of April in each Year, be tranfraitted by fuch Officers of Health to fuch Public Officer, or Office or Place in Dublin, as (hall be from time to time direded by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their Chief Secretary.

III.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Inhabitant Houfeholders of any Pariih, Town or Place whatever, in Veftry afiembled, in any Part of Ireland, to appoint fuch Officers of Health for fuch Panffi, in cafe they (hall think fit and expedient fo to do; and to raife fuch Sum and Spms of Money to be levied and accounted as direded by this Ad, in like manner as by this Ad is required to be done in Cities and large Towns as afmaicL

IV.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That no Perfon (hall be compelled or compellable to ad or ferve as fuch Officer of Health, in anj Pariih or Place, for any longer Term than One Year, nor to ad or ferve as fpeh Officer for any Year commencing within Three Yean after the End of any Year for which he (half have ferved as aforehrid.

V.	Provided alfb, and be it enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Inhabitant Houfeholders of any Pariih in any County,

a, Town or Place in Ireland, to eled the Churchwardens pf Pariih for the time being to be Officers of Health under this Ad, in cafe they (hall think fit fo to do j and it (hall be lawful (or fuch Churchwardens, and they are hereby authbrifed and required, .	to

Officers to set without Salary.

Sums requisite for Execution of this Act to be raised by parochial Rates.

Expenditure accounted for.

Copies of Accounts transmitted by Officer to Dublin.

Parishes in any Part of Ireland may appoint Officers, and rake Money.

No Person compellable to serve longer than a Year, Ac.

Churchwardens may be elected Officers of Health.

59° GEO. III.

On Parish, &c. neglecting, Sessions to appoint Officers of Health;

and limit and raise Money.

Powers of such Officers of Health as to cleansing Streets,

Houses, &c.

Constables, &c. to aid.

Dn want of Power in Magistrates, or Neglect of Scavengers, &c. to cleanse Streets, the Officers of Health may order them to be cleansed, &c.

C. 41.

A.D. 1819.

to aft as fuch Officers of Health accordingly, under the prefent Provilions of this Aft.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That where any City or Town as aforefaid, containing One thoufand Inhabitants, or where the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland (hall direft this Aft to be carried into execution, in cafe the Inhabitant Houfeholders in any Parifti or Parities in fuch City or Town (hall negleft or refufe to eleft and appoint fuch Officers of Health, within fuch time as is required by this Aft, or as (hall be required by any Order of fuch Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, it (hall and may be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace afiembled at the Quarter Seffions, or any Adjournment thereof, for the County, City or Town within which fuch Parifh (hall be (ituate, and the faid Juftices are hereby authorifed and required, to appoint fuch Officers of Health in and for fuch Parifli, and alfo at the fame time to appoint and limit what Sum (hall be raifed by A(Te(Tment on fuch Parifti for the Puipofes of this Ad, and fuch Sum (hall and may be raifed and levied accordingly, in like manner as any other Parifti Affeffments, and as if the fame had been authorifed by the Veftries of fuch Parifties, and (hall be applied and accounted for in manner hereinbefore direfted.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful for any One or more of the Perfons fo to be appointed Officers of Health, and he and they is and are hereby authorifed, empowered and required, t& caufe and direft all Streets and Lanes, and all Yards and Courts adjoining thereto, and all Houfes let in feveral Tenements to Room Keepers, and the Yards, Gardens or Places belonging to fuch Houfes, to be cleanfed and purified, and all Nuifances prejudicial to Health to be removed therefrom ; and all Public Sewers to be cleanfed, and where neceffary, to be covered over, and all Lodgments of (landing Water to be filled up or drained off; and alfo to caufe and direft all other Matters and Things to be done for the Ventilation, Fumigation and cleanfing of any Houfe whatever, in which Fever or other Contagious Diftemper (hall have occurred, and for the waihing and purifying the Perfons and Clothes of the Inhabitants of every fuch Houle, as (hall appear to any fuch Officer of Health to be indifpenfably neceflary for the Preservation and Security of the Inhabitants of fuch Parifti againft the Danger of Contagion, unlefs due Precautions (hall have previoufly been taken for fuch Purpofes by the Inhabitants of fuch Houfe; and it (hall be lawful for all Conilables and Peace Officers, and they are hereby authorifed, empowered and required, to be aiding and affifting to fuch Officers of Health in the doing all Matters and Things what-foever in the Execution of this Aft.

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That in any Parifli or Pariffies in any City or Town where any fuch Officers of Health (hall be appointed as aforefaid, and where no Power or Authority is or faafl be veiled in or given to Magiftrates or Corporation of fuch City or Town, to regulate the fweeping and cleanfing of the Streets therein, and the collecting and difpofing of the Dirt, Dung and Filth of the faid Streets, and alfo in any City or Town whatever, where tlx Scavengers or other Perfons who (hall be entrufted with or contrafi for the cleanfing and fweeping of the Streets, under the Direction ol the Magiftrates or Corporation or not, (hall negleft or omit to deaafi

aoc

AJEU9T9.

59° GEO. III.

* C.* 41 •

145

and Arecp the Streets and LanCuJf fuch City or Town, twice at kaft io every Week, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Officers of Health to caufe and direct fuch Streets to be fwept and cleanfed, and the Dirt, Dung and Filth collefted from the fame to be fold and difpofed of, and the Produce thereof to be applied for the Purpofes of this Aft, and in diminution of the Charge on the Parifh for which fuch Officers fhall be appointed : Provided always, that in all cafes where the Magi ft rates or Corporation of any City or Town have or fhall have Power and Authority to regulate the fweeping or cleanfmg of the Streets, or where any Scavenger or other Perfon fhall be appointed or fhall have controlled for that Purpofe, the faid Officers of Health fhall rive Twenty four Hours’ Notice to the Chief Magiftrate of fuch City or Town, and to the Scavenger or other Perfon controlling for the cleaniing of fuch Streets, of the Neglect or Omiffion to fweep and cleanfe the fame ; and that at the Expiration of fuch Twenty four Hours, in cafe the faid Streets fhall not be duly fwept and cleanfed, it fhall be lawful for the faid Officers of Health to caofe the fame to be fwept and cleanfed, and the Produce thereof to be difpofed of as aforeiaid, any Aft, Charter, Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX. And for the preventing the Danger of Contagion and other' Evils, from the unreftrained Intercourfe of ftrolling Beggars, Vagabonds and idle poor Perfons feeking Relief, be it enafted, That from and after the paffing of this Aft, it fhall and may he lawful for any One Juftice of Peace, within his Jurifdiftion, or for any Churchwarden of any Parifh in any City, Town or Place in Ireland, or for any Officer of Health appointed in any Parifh in purfuance of this Aft, and they are hereby refpeftively empowered and required, to apprehend all idle poor Perfons, Men, Women or Children, and all Perfons who may be found begging or feeking Relief, or ftrolling or wandering as Vagabonds within any Parifh or Piace, and to direft and caufe all fuch idle Perfons, Beggars and Vagabonds to be removed and conveyed out of and from fuch Parifh and Place, in fuch manner and to fnch Place as the Nature of the Cafe may require; and it fhall and may be lawful for any fuch Juftice of the Peace, upon his own View, or upon the Complaint of any Churchwarden or Officer of Health, to commit any fuch ftrolling Beggar or Vagabond, or idle poor Pmon, to any Bridewell or Houfe of Correction, or other public Place of Confinement, for any time not exceeding Twenty four Honrs previous to their Removal or Departure out of fuch Parifh ; and it fhall and may be lawful for any Churchwarden or Officer of Health m fuch Parifh, during fuch Period of Twenty four Hours,' to caufe the Perfons and Clothes of fuch idle poor Perfons, Beggars or Vagabonds fo committed, to be wafhed and cleanfed; and it mall be lawful for the Juftices of any County, City or Town aflembled at any Quarter Seffions or Adjournment thereof, to conftitute and appoint any fuitable unoccupied Building to be a Bridewell or Place of Confinement for fuch idle Perfons, Beggars and Vagabonds, with the Content and Approbation of the Owner of fuch Houfe or Building, and to apply to and agree with fuch Owner for fuch Purpofe accordingly; and every Beadle, Conftable and Peace Officer within then reipeftive Diftrifts or Jurifdiftions, fhall be and are hereby reQuired to be affifbmt to the faid Juftices of Peace, Churchwardens ad Officers of Healthj in fuch Apprehenfion, and Confinement and ffi Gjso. III.	X*	Treatment

Where Magistrates have Power, &Cm Officers to give Notice of Neglect to cleanse Streets, Ac.

Justices, Churchwardens, and Officers of Health, empowered to remove Beggars, Ac.;

or commit to House of Correction, Ac.

Such Beggars, Ac. to be cleansed, and Quarter Sessions may constitute unoccupied House, Ac. to be a Place of Confinement for the above Purposes.

146

Resisting Orders of Justices, or Officers of Health;

Penalty.

not paid. Imprisonment.

In Action for executing Act,

General Issue.

Costs.

ftj G. 3. c. 82.

C.' 41, 42, 43.	59" GEO. III.	A.D. 1819.'

Treatment of fuch idle poor Perfons, Beggars and Vagabonds, purfuant to the Provifions of this A 61.

X.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall refill or oppofe any Juftice of Peace, Churchwarden or Officer of Health, in the Execution of the Powers of this A6k, or in the doing or performing of any Matter or Thing in the Execution of this A61, every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo guilty of refitting or oppofing (hall, on Conviftion thereof before any Two Juftices of Peace or Magiftrates within their Jurifdi6lion, on the Oath or Affirmation of any One or more credible Witnefs, or on the Con-feffion of the Party fo offending, incur fuch Penalty, not lefs than Ten Shillings nor more than Five Pounds, as fuch Juftices of Peace or Magillrates (hall in their Difcretion think proper to adjudge and inflidt 5 or in failure of making payment of fuch Fine, fuch Offenders (hall and may be committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corredlion for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months ; and no fuch Conviftion (hall be qualhed for Informality, nor (hall be removed or removable by Certiorari or otherwife, nor fubje& to any Appeal whatever.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That if«any A&ion fhall be brought againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in the Execution of any of the Powers or Duties by this A6t given or required, the Defendant or Defendants may in every fuch Suit plead the General IfTue, and give this A61 and the Special Matter in Evidence ; and in every Cafe where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in fuch Suit (hall fail, the Court in which fuch Suit fhall be carried on fhall award Coils to the Defendant or Defendants.

CAP. XLIL

An A£l for railing the Sum of Twelve Millions by way of Annuities.	[2lft	June	1819.3

[Th 'u Ad is Jtmilar to former A8s.]

CAP. XLIII.

An AGt to authorife the Receipt and Appropriation of certain Sums voluntarily contributed by the Mod Noble John Jeffreys Marquis Camden% in aid of the Public Service.

[2ift June 1819.3

*	TT THE REAS the Mott Noble John Jeffreys Marquis Camdm € W did, on the Eighth of February in the Year of our Lord One « thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, propofe to the then Chancellor 9 of the Exchequer, in the then diftreffed State of the Country,

<	to pay, in aid of the Public Revenue for the Exigencies of the « State, from the Fifth Day of April then next enfuing, whatever 9 Fees, Perquifites or Emoluments he might receive in right of his 9 Patent Office of One of the Four Tellers of His Majefty’s Ex-

*	chequer, beyond the Sum which was ena6ted to be paid to each of ‘ the Four Tellers of the Exchequer by an Aft patted in the Twenty

*	third Year of the Reign of His prelent Majeuy, intituled An A.&

9 for effabli/bing certain Regulations In the Receipt of His Mayefo**

<	Exchequer, and beyond the Charge of the EiUblittuneiit of the faidL

« Office:

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 43.

14;

‘ Office : And Whereas the faid Marquis Camden then dated, that it * was not his Intention to refume or retail! to his own Ufe, out of ( the Fees, Perquifites or Emoluments of his faid Office, during the 4 Period he might continue to hold the fame, any larger or greater 4 Sum than the Amount fo fpecified in the faid recited A6t: And 4 Whereas the Sum of Eight thoufand two hundred twenty live 4 Pounds Eleven Shillings, being the Surplus of fuch Fees, Per-4 quifites and Emoluments over and above fuch Amount as aforefaid, 4 for tlie Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight 4 hundred and eighteen, was paid*by the faid Marquis Camden in aid 4 of the Public Service of the faid Year, under the Provifions of an 4 A & pafled in the Fifty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefty, intituled An A3 for continuing to His Majejly certain * Duties on Malty Sugary Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain, and on 4 Penjionsy Offices and Perfonal EJlates in England ; and for receiving 4 the Contributions of Perfons receiving Penjtonsy and holding Offices, 4 for the Service of the Tear One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen / 4 which A€t has fince expired: And Whereas it is highly expedient 4 that a Memorial ihould remain, recording the juft Senfe entertained 4 by Parliament of the Public Spirit and aifinterefted Conduft of the 4 faid Marquis Camdeny in making during his Life this large Sacrifice 4 of Private Fortune to the Service and Neceffities of his Country ; 4 and it is alfo ncceflary that Provifion ihould be made for carrying 4 into effect the Intention of the faid Marquis Camden;9 Be it therefore tna&ed by The King's Moft Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That it fhall be lawful for the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treafuiy of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irckmdy or any *Jnrce or more of them, or for the Lord High Tieafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, to give fuch Directions as may be necefiary for carrying into effeCt the laid Intentions of the faid Marquis Camdeny and from time to time for receiving and giving full and fufiicient Difcharges for all fuch Surplus Fees, Perquifites and Emoluments aforefaid, as (hall accrue by virtue of the Patent to the faid Tellerfhip of Marquis Camdeny tor the Period which has elapfed fince the Expiration of the faid A€t of the Fifty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, from Year to Year, during tne time the faid Tellerfhip fhall continue to be held by him ; and further to dired that all and every fuch Sum fo contributed fhall from time to time be paid into the Office of One of the Four Tellers of the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer in Great Britainy and fhall be carried to and made Part of the Confo-fidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

57 G. 3. c, $.

Treasury to give Directions to the Exchequer, for giving effect to the Marquis Camden's Intention.

L 2

CAP.

H8

' C.4L

59^ GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

SI 0.3. c.53* §!•

46 G.3. fc.J4.

Certain Offences com-milted on Land in the Bay of Honduras, to bo tried there under a Com. mission under the Great Seal.

Powers of the Commissioners

CAP. XLIV.

An Ad to amend an Ad paired in the Fifty feventh Tear of His prefent Majefty, for the more effedual Punifhraent of Murders, Manslaughters, Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries committed in Places not within His Majefty’s Dominions, as relates to the Trial of Murders, Manflaughters, Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries committed in Honduras.

[aift/tfw 1819.]

*	TT7HEREAS by an Ad pafled in the Fifty feventh Year of

*	W His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for the more effedual 4 Pumjhment of Murders and Manflaughters committed in Places not 4 within His Majejly's Dominions, it was among other things provided

*	and enacted, that from and after the pafliiig of that Ad, all 4 Murders and Manflaughters committed, or that (hall be committed c on Land at the Settlement in the Bay of Honduras, by any Perfon

*	or Perfons redding or being within the faid Settlement, (hall and 4 may be tried, adjudged and punifhed in any of His Msyefty’s

*	Iflands, Plantations, Colonies, Dominions, Forts or Fadories, under

*	or by virtue of The King’s Commiflion or Commiffions which 4 fhall have been, or (hall hereafter be, iflued under and by virtue of

*	an Ad pafled in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty,

4 intituled An A3 for the more ftctdy Trial of Offences committed m 4 dijiant Parts upon the Sea: And Whereas Doubts have arifen 4 whether in the laid Settlements in the Bay of Honduras, there be a 4 Fort or Fadory to which a Commiflion may iffue for the Trial 4 of Offences under the faid laft mentioned Ad s And Whereas by 4 reafon of fuch Doubts, and the great Delay and Difficulty of 4 removing Offenders in Honduras for Trial to England, or to any of 4 His Majefty’8 Iflands, Plantations, Colonies, Dominions, Forts or 4 Fadories, fuch Crimes do oftentimes efcape unpunifbedFor Remedy thereof, be it enaded, by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Ad, all Murders, Manflaughters, Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries committed, or that fhall be committed on Land, at the faid Settlement in the Bay of Honduras, may be enquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged, within the faid Settlement in the Bay of Honduras, under or by virtue of The King’s Commiflion or Commiflion8, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to be direded to any fuch Four or more difereet Perfons, as the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Commiffioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the time being, fhall from time to time think fit to appoint, in the fame manner as is provided and enaded with refped to any Crimes direded to be enquired of, heard, determined or adjudged, under and by virtue of any Commiffion iffued under and by virtue of the aforefaid Ad of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, in any of His Majefty’s Iflands, Plantations, Colonies, Dominions, Forts or Fadories.

II. And be it further enaded, That the Commiffioners fo to be appointed, or any Three of them, fhall have fuch and the like

Powers

JLB.IS19.

59° GEO. III.

149

C. 44, 45.

Power* and Authorities for the Trial of all fuch Murders, Man* ibaghters, Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries, committed within fuch Settlement in the Bay of Honduras, as any Commiilioners appointed or to be appointed under the faid Aft of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty have, or would have, for the Trial of any Offences committed upon the Seas ; and all Perfons convifted of either of the faid Offences lo to be tried by virtue of any Commiflion to be iffued accordjpg to the Directions of this Aft (hall be fubjeft and liable to, and Ml fuffer all fuch and the fame Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, as by any Law or Laws now in force Perfons convifted of the fame refpeftively would Be fubjeft and liable to in cafe the fame were refpefthrely enquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged, within any of His Mdjefty’s Iflands, Plantations, Colonies or Dominions, by virtue of any Commiflion made according to the Directions of the aforefaid Afts of the Forty fixth and Fifty feventh Years of His prefent Majefty, or either of them ; any Statute, Law or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained fhall repeal or affeft the Provifions of an Aft palled in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An AS to proceed by Commffmn \of Oyer and Terminer againjt fuch Perfons as /ball confefs Treafon, et cetera, without remanding the fame to be tried in the Shire where the Offence was committed\

IV.	And be it further enafted. That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be palled in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

C A P, LXV.

An Aft to explain and amend certain Afts relative to the Court of Seffion in Scotland\	[2 2d June	1819.]

4 XJU PEREAS by an Aft palfed in the Forty eighth Year of the * W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad concerning 4 the Administration of Jufice in Scotland, and Appeals to the Houfe of 4 Lords, it was enafted, that the Judges or Lords of Seffion fhould 4 ufually fit in Two Divifions, and the Lord Prefident of the whole 4 Court and Seven of the Ordinary Lords of Seffion fhould form 4 On* and the Firft of the faid Divifions, and the Lord Juftice Clerk 4 for the time being and Six of the Ordinary Lords of Seffion fhould 4 form the other and the Second of the faid Divifions: And Whereas 4 by another Aft palfed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His 4 prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for abridging the Form of extraSing 4 Decrees of the Court of Seffion in Scotland, and for the Regulation of 4 certain Parts of the Proceedings of that Courts it was enafted, that 4 the Three Junior Ordinary Judges of the Firft Divifion of the Court 4 of Seffion, and the Two Junior Ordinary Judges of the Second 4 Divifion, fhould be relieved from Attendance in the Inner Houfe,

4 and fhould, from and after the palling of the faid Aft, not fit 4 therein, but lhould fit as Lords Ordinary in the Outer Houle : And 4 Whereas by another Aft palled in the Fifty third Year of the 4 Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for the better •4 Regulation of the Court of Seffion in Scotland, it was enafted, that the 4 Three Junior Ordinary Judges of the Firft Divifion of the Court 4 of Seffion, and the Two Junior Ordinary Judges of the Second

Ju 3	4	Divifion

appointed under such Commission.

Pains, &c. to which Persons convicted liable.

Proviso for Stat. 33 H. 8. c. 13*

Act altered, Ac. this Session.

48 G.3. c. IJI.

$1*

50 G. 3. C.II3.

53 G. 3. c. 64. Ji.

59" GEO. III.

150	C.	45.

A.D.1819.	|

In case of a Vacancy n the Inner House of either Division, a Judge may be removed from the one Division to the other.

In what Case Senior Ordinary Judge officiating as a permanent Lord Ordinary may sit.

Proviso in case of a Vacancy among the Judges officiating as permanent Lords Ordinary.

*	Divifion of the Court of Seffion for the time being, fhould officiate 4 as permanent Lords Ordinary, in the manner therein direded: And 4 Whereas a Vacancy has arifen in the Second Divifion of the Court

*	of Seffion by‘the Death of One of the Two Ordinary Judge*

4 officiating as permanent Lords Ordinary therein, and Vacancies

*	may arife in either of the faid Divifions by the Death or Refignatioa

*	of fome One or more of the Judges fitting in the Inner Houfe, as 4 well as by the Death or Refignation of fome One or more of the 4 Ordinary Judges officiating as permanent Lords Ordinary therein;

4 and Circumftances may arife wnich may make it defirable that a 4 Judge fitting in the Inner Houfe of One of the faid Divifion*

4 fhould fit in the Inner Houfe of the other of the faid Divifion*;

4 and it is expedient that the Power of His Majefty fhould

4 declared in fuch Cafes:* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed and declared; and be it ena&ed and declared by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it fhall be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, upon a Vacancy arifing by the Death or Refignation of any of the Judges fitting in the Inner Houfe in either of the faid Divifions of the Court of Seffion, to order and direct, by a Warrant under His Majefty’s Sign Manual, that any One of the Judges fitting in the Inner Houfe of the Divifion where the Vacancy fhall not have arifen (if fuch Judge fhall defire it), fhall fit in the Divifion where tne Vacancy mail have arifen ; and that the Vacancy thus created in the faid Divifion, from which the faid Judge fhall have been removed, fhall be fupplied by the Senior Ordinary Judge officiating as a permanent Lord Ordinary in the Outer Houfe, who fhall thereafter be enabled to fit in the Inner Houfe of the faid Divifion, although fuch Junior Judge fhall not have been appointed to fit in the faid Divifion; or if no Judge fitting in the Inner Houfe of the Divifion where the Vacancy fhall not have arifen, fhall defire to fit in the Divifion where the Vacancy fhall have arifen, that the Senior Ordinary Judge officiating as a permanent Lord Ordinary in either of the faid Divifions fhall be enabled thereafter to fit in the Inner Houfe of that Divifion in which the faid Vacancy {hall have arifen, although fuch Senior Judge fhall not have been originally appointed to fit in the Divifion where fuch Vacancy fhall happen.

II. And be it further ena&ed and declared by the Authority aforefaid, That where a Vacancy fhall arife in either Divifion among the Ordinary Judges officiating as permanent Lords Ordinary thereirf, it fhall and may be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTorsr, by a Warrant under His Majefty’s Royal Sign Manual, to order and dire& that the Senior of the Ordinary Judges officiating as a permanent Lord Ordinary in the Divifion where the Vacancy fhaM not have arifen, if he fhall defire it, and if he fhall not defier it, then that the next Ordinary Judge officiating as a permanent Lord Ordinary in the Divifion where the Vacancy fhall not have arifen, if fuch Judge fhall defire it, fhall fit in the Divifion where the Vacancy fhall have arifen ; and where a Vacancy fhall arife among the Ordinary Judges officiating as permanent Lords Ordinary in the Second Divifion, then the Junior or laft appointed Judge for the time being, of the Three Junior Ordinary Judges of the Firft Divifion, fhall be appointed in

manner

A.D.181%

59* GEO. III.

C.45,46.

151

manner direded by this Ad to fit in the Second Divifion, and fo long u he fliall continue One of the Two Junior Ordinary Judges therein, /hall officiate as One of the permanent Lords Ordinary therein, in the manner directed by the faid laft recited Ad.

III.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the Authority afore-faid, That in the Cafe of the Removal of any of the faid Judges from the One of the faid Divifions to the other of the faid Divifions, fuch Judge (hall have Rank and Precedence in the Divifion to which he (hall be removed according to and from the Date of his original Appointment to fit in the Divifion from which he (hall be removed.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That in the Cafe of the Junior or laft appointed Judge ot the Firft of the faid Divifions being removed to the Second Divifion purfuant to this Aft, it (hall be competent to the whole Court, or a Quorum thereof, to appoint the other Judges officiating as permanent Lords Ordinary to officiate each Week by rotation as Ordinaries in the Bill Chamber and in Teind Precedes, and other Matters mentioned in the faid laft recited Ad, in the manner therein direded in the Cafe of the Death, Resignation, Sicknefs or neceffary Abfence of fuch Junior or laft appointed Judge.

V.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That in all other Cafes where an Ordinary Judge officiating as a permanent Lord Ordinary (hall be removed from the One of the faid Divifions to the other oi the faid Divifions, it (hall and may be lawful for the whole Court, or a Quorum thereof, to remit the Precedes then depending before fuch permanent Lord Ordinary in the manner direfted by the faid laft recited Ad, in the Event of the Death, Refignation or Removal into the Inner Houfe, of any of the faid permanent Lords Ordinary.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the Authority aforefaid, That this Ad and the faid Three recited Ads (hall be conftrued together u the fame manner as if this Ad had made Part of the faid laft recited Ad*

CAP. XLVI.

Proviso as to Rank and Precedence.

Proviso in case of the J unior or last appointed Judge of the First Division being removed.

Proviso in the other Cases of Removal under this Act.

This Act and recited Acts construed together.

An Ad to abolifh Appeals of Murder, Treafon, Felony or other Offences, and Wager of Battel, or joining I due and Trial by Battel, in Writs of Right.	[aad June 1819.]

*	TTTHEREAS Appeals of Murder, Treafon, Felony and other ‘ W Offences, and the Manner of proceeding therein, have been

*	found to be oppreffive 5 and the Trial by Battel in any Suit, is a 1 Mode of Trial unfit to be ufed; and it is expedient that the fame « (hould be wholly aboli(hed :* Beit therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from Appeals of and after the palling of this Ad, all Appeals of Treafon, Murder, Murder or Felony or other Offences, (hall ceafe, determine and become void; other Offences and that it (hall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, at any loceMe* time after the paffing of this Ad, to commence, take or fue Appeal

of Treafon, Murder, Felony or other Offence, againft any other Peribn or Perfons whomsoever, but that all fuch Appeals (hall, from henceforth, be utterly abolifhed ; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

L 4

II. And

152

C. 46, 47.

59° GEO. lit

A.D.1819.

No Tenant received to wage Battel, nor Trial had by Battel in Writ of Right*

Persons implicated in Bribery, not • being Candidates, examined as Witnesses and snaking a faithful Disclosure, indemnified.

II. And be it further enafted, That from and after the palling of this Aft, in any Writ of Right now depending, or which may hereafter be brought, inftituted or commenced, the Tenant (hall not be received to wage Battel, nor (hall Iflue be joined nor Trial be had by Battel in any Writ of Right; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XLVII.

An Aft to indemnify Perfons who (hall give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on the Bill for preventing Bribery and Corruption at the Eleftion of Members to ferve in Parliament for the Borough of Barnjlaple, in the County of Devon.	[22d June 1819.]

WHEREAS the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament affembled have palled a Bill, intituled An A3 4 for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the EleBion of Members 4 to ferve in Parliament for the Borough of Barnftaple, in the County 4 of Devon : And Whereas it is alleged that there hath been notorious 4 Bribery and Corruption at Elcftions of Burgefles, or to procure 4 the Eleftion of Burgefles, to ferve in Parliament for the faid 4 Borough of Barnjlaple s And Whereas it is neceffary to examine as 4 Witneffes at the/Bar of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, io 4 refpeft of fuch alleged Bribery and Corruption, feveral Perfons not 4 having been Candidates or a Candidate for the (aid Borough: And 4 Whereas the Evidence of fuch Perfons may lead to Difclofure*

4 tending to expofe them to penal Confequences s And Whereas 4 it is expedient to indemnify fuch Perfons, as they are hereinafter 4 indemnified, upon their truly and faithfully making fuch Difclofure * and Difcovery as hereinafter mentioned ;* Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Adviee and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons* in this prefent Parliament aflcmbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That for the more effeftually profecuting the faid Enquiry, that all and every Perfon and Perfons, not having been Candidates or a Candidate for the faid Borough, who may or hath been or may have been implicated or engaged in fuch alleged Bribery and Corruption, at or connected with any Eleftion of Members to ferve in Parliament for the faid Borough of Barnftaple, and who (hall be examined as Witneffes or a Witnefs "at the Bar of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal touching fuch alleged Bribery and Corruption, and who (hall upon fuch Examination make a true and faithful Difcovery and Difclofure, to the beff of his, her or their Knowledge touching all Afts, Matters and Things to which he, (he or they (hall be (o examined, (hall be, and lie, fhe and they is and are hereby freed* indemnified and difeharged of, from and againft all penal Aftioos, Forfeitures, Punifhments, Difabilities and Incapacities, and all criminal Profecutions, which he, (he or they may have been or may become liable or fubjeft to, or which he, (he or they may have incurred or may incur, at the Suit of His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors* or any other Perfon or Perfons, for or by reafon or means of or in relation to any Aft, Matter, or Thing done or committed by fuch Perfon or Perfons in refpeft of fuch alleged Bribery and Corruption,

refpefting

AJD.181*.

59° GEO. III.

15S

C.47,48.

refpe&ing or concerning which fuch Perfon or Perfons ihall be fo examined as aforefaid, and (hall make fuch true and faithful Difcovery and Difdofure as aforefaid.

IL Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, that this Aft or any thing herein contained (hall not extend or be deemed or con-(trued to extend' to give any Benefit or Advantage to, or to indemnify, free or difcharge any Perfon or Perfons from or againfl any Forfeitures, Penalties, Punifliments, Difabilities or Incapacities, or any Profecutions, who, being examined as aforefaid, (hall give any feMe Evidence, or make any falfe Difcovery, or fupprefs or refute fully and truly to difdofe any Ad, Matter or Thing within his, her or their Knowledge, touching or concerning which fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be fo examined as aforefaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

III. Provided always. That it (nail be lawful for all Perfons who lhall be fo examined as aforefaid, upon any A&ion or Profecution commenced or inftituted, or to be commenced or militated, of or in refped of any of the Matters to which they ihall be fo examined as aforefaid, to give in Evidence upon the Trial of fuch A6bon or Profecution Copies of the Entries contained in the Journals of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal of fuch their feveral Examinations; and that fuch Copies (hall be conclufive Evidence, upon the Trial of all fuch A&ions and Profecutions of the Fad of the Examination of fuch Perfons, and of the Queftions propofed to fuch Perfons, and of the Anfwers given by them to fuch Queftions.

CAP. XLVIII.

An A£k to amend an Ad pafled in the Fifty fifth Tear of His prefeat Majefty, for granting to His Majefty the Sum of Twenty thoufand Pounds towards repairing Roads between London and Holyhead by Chejler, and between London and Bangor by Shreiv/bury; and for giving additional Powers to the Commiflioners therein named, to build a Bridge over the Menat Straits, and to make a new Road from Bangor Fetry to Holyhead, in the County of Anglefea.

[2d July 1819.]

* 55 G. 3. c. 152. 58 G. 3. c. 101. $ 23. 5 G. 3. c. 56. 15 G. 3. “ c. 69. 47 G. 3. c. xvi. fefT. 1. recited. Commiflioners under 55 G. 3. ** c. 153. empowered to build a Bridge over the Menas Straits, § 1. u Waterway of 500 Feet. Roadway. § 2. Power to make ufe of ** certain Common Lands in the Parifh of Llandijilio, and other ** Lands and Grounds where necefiary, on making Compenfation. § 3. u Power to caufe certain Quarries to be opened, and Stone raifed w therefrom, on the North Eaftem Coaft of Anglefea. § 4. Power to u make an Approach to the South Eaft End of the Bridge from the “ Bangor Road. § 5. Commiflioners may purchafe Porthaeth'wy or “ Bangor Ferry. § 6. Bodies Politic and incapacitated Perfons 44 empowered to fell. Conveyances at the Expence of Commiflioners, 44 and, on Requeft, attefted Copies thereof to be delivered to Perfons 44 mterefted. $ 7. Satisfaction to be made to Perfons felling. § 8 " If Parties cannot agree as to Purchafe Money, a Jury to determine “ therein. § 9. Sheriff or other Officers neglecting Duty, Penalty ,	“	20I.

Not to extend to Persons giving false Evidence, or suppressing any Matter in Quotion.

In cases of Actions, Copies of Entries of Examination may be given in Evidence.

I5i	C.48.	'	5D’ GEO.	Ilf*	A.D.181*.

“ 20I. Perfoii3 fummoned bn Juries not attending. Penalty. Wit-44 neflcs not attending, 8cc. Penalty. $ io. Perjury. $ ii. No Claim 44 for Damage to be fuftained, unlcfs Notice thereof be given within 44 Six Months. § 12. Cafes in which Expence of Jury and Witpeffes 44 to be paid by Commiflioners. In what Cafes fuch Expences to be 44 paid by the Perfons treating with the Commiflioners. $13. Lands 44 to be veiled in the Commiflioners, on Payment or Tender of the 44 Value or Amount of Damages. § 14. Verdifts of Juries to be 44 recorded at Quarter Seflions of Anglefea. Fee for Infpeftion, kc»

44 § 15. Bargains and Sales to have the Force of Fines and Re-44 coveries. § 16. Within 30 Days after the Bridge is completed,

44 Commiflioners to pay the Sum agreed for or awarded to be paid,

44 &c. § 17. Application of Purchafe Money when amounting to 44 or exceeding 200I.—§ 18. Application where Purchafe Money 44 is lefs than 200I. and above 20I.—§ 19. Application when Money 44 is lefs than 20I. — § 20. In default of Tide, Money to be paid 44 into the Bank in the Name of the Accountant General of the 44 Court of Chancery, fubjeft to the Order of the faid Court,

44 on Motion or Petition. £21. Where any Queflion (hall arife 44 as to the Tide to Money fo paid into the Bank, the Perfon 44 in Pofleflion of the Lands, &c. (hall be deemed entided. $ 22.

44 In Cafes of Incapacity, dec. Expences of Purchafes to be paid 44 by the Commiflioners as the Court of Chancery (hall direft. § 23.

44 Commiflioners empowered to fell and convey Lands purchafed 44 by them, and not wanted for the Purpofes of this Aft. Offer of 44 Refale to be firll made to the original Proprietors or Vendors.

44 Price to be fettled by a Jury, in cafe of any Difference. Affidavit 44 of fuch Perfons not agreeing to repurchase. § 24. No Perfons, 44 Carriages, Cattle, &c. not employed in the Conftruftion of the 44 Bridge, &c. to pafs the faid Straits otherwife than by the prefent ,	44 Ferry, until the Bridge is completed. Penalties. Juftices of Peace

44 for the County of Anglefea may hear and determine Complaints.

44 If Penalties direfted not paid, Diflrefs and Proceedings. Penalties 44 not to be enforced where the ufual Ferry Tolls have been paid or 44 tendered. § 25. Compenfation to be made by Commiflioners to the 44 Owner of Bangor Ferry. How afleffed. § ao. Deftroying Works, 44 Felony ; mitigated to Petit Larceny. § 27. Drawing any Timber 44 otherwife than upon Wheel Carriages, &c. Penalty. § 28. Placing 44 Rubbifh upon the Bridge, 8cc. Penalty. § 29. The Bridge, wh^n 44 completed, fhall be made over to the Commiflioners under c. 30. ante. 44 $ 30. Commiflioners may ereft Turnpikes on the Bridge, and take 44 certain Tolls. § 31. New Road from the new Bridge in Anglefea 44 to Holyhead to be fet out. Part of the Road between London and 44 Holyhead to be repaired, 8cc. $ 32. Road from Porthactb<wy Ferry 44 to Holyhead veiled in the Commiflioners. Provifo, if the Truflees 44 approve and the Creditors aflent. § 33. When new Road is com-44 pleted, the Powers of 5 G. 3. c. 56. 15 G. 3. c. 69. and 47 G. 3. 44 c. xvi. feff. 1. to ceafe, &c. $ 34. Mortgages of Tolls, &c. 44 amounting to 2863I. to remain in force, § 35.; and to be a 44 Charge on the Tolls, bearing IntereR at 5 per Cent. Commiflioners 44 to pay fuch Intereft. § 36. Surplus of Money, after paying 44 Intereft and Expences, to be applied in Difcharge of the Mortgages. 44 § 37. Road to be made from Maltraeth Marjh to Llangefni, $ 38., 44 and al£o a Branch of Road to Bodedern, § 39., .to be deemed

2	44	common

I

AJX1819.

89* GEO. Ill,

C41

155

“ common Highway*. $ 40. Embankment to be made on the Stanley 44 Sands, and Swirel Bridges conftru&ed over Penrhos River. Satis-44 fa&ion to be made. Embankment and Swivel Bridges taken as 44 Part of Road. § 41* Perfonsto be appointed to open fuch Bridges 44 for Pafiage of Veffels. Perfons not immediately palling, Penalty.

44 f 42. Road from Bangor Ferry to Holyhead given up by Com-44 mimoners under 55 G. 3. c. 152. to Commiilioners under c. 30. <* ante. $ 43. Commiffioners to ere&, &c. Turnpikes, and take 44 Tolls. ToUs. Application of the Tolls. $ 44. His Majefty, “ &c. exempted from Tolls, f 45. Tolls payable only once a Day 44 at the fame Turnpikes. Exceptions. Colle£tor to deliver Ticket.

44 4 46. Toll payable at Four Gates only on the fame Day. § 47. 44 Composition may be made for Tolls. § 48. Additional Toll of 41 23. a head for every Beall in the Drove above 20 palling the 44 Bridge. § 49. Powers given by 55 G. 3. c. 152. for obtaining 44 Materials and making ufe of Lands, to extend to c. 30. ante. § 50. 44 Materials veiled in Commiilioners. How Property to be Hated in 44 A&ions, dec. Commiilioners may fell, dec. fuch Materials. § 51. 44 Commiilioners empowered to take down Houfes, &c. making 44 Satisfaction to Owners, Sec, § 52. Mifnomer, or wrong Defcrip-44 tions in the Schedule, not to prevent the Execution of 55 G. 3. 44 c. 152.—§ 53. Inn to be built at Cat*Mon, When Owner of 44 Cae-Mon lhall have completed fuch Inn, the Commiilioners under 44 55 G. 3. c. 152. are to reimburfe him. § 54. No Houfes, &c. 44 to be taken without Confent of the Owners, except fqch as are 44 fpecified in the Schedule. § 55. Bridge to be completed in Four 44 Years, or Powers to ceafe. § 56. Treafury to advance to the 44 Commiffioners under 55 G. 3. c. 152. any Sum not exceeding 44 123,0001. for building the Bridge over the Menai Straits; which 44 Sum lhall be repaid with Interell at 5I. per Cent, per jinn. § 57. 44 Application of the Tolls. 500I. yearly retained for keeping tlic 44 Bridge in Repair, and the Remainder paid in to the Exchequer, 44 till the Money advanced is paid with Interell at 5I. per Cent. per 44 Ann. c. 30. ante. § 58.

LIX. AND be it further ena&ed, That it lhall and may be lawful for the Pollmaller General for the time being, and he is hereby required, from and after the palling of this A6t, to charge and levy on all Letters and Packets conveyed by Poll to and from any Part of Great Britain and Ireland, or from any Part beyond the Seas to any Place within Ireland, or from any Place within Ireland to any Place beyond the Seas, by the Way of Dublin and Holyhead, in addition to the Rates and Duties now payable by Law for the Conveyance by the Poll of fuch Letters and Packets, the Rates and Duties following ; (that is to fay), for a Single Letter and Packet, the additional Sum of One Penny 5 for a Double Letter and Packet, he additional Sum of Two pence; for a Treble Letter and Packet, .he additional Sum of Three pence ; and fo in proportion an additional Sum of One Penny, according to the Rate of Increafe of the PoHage of Letters now ellablilhed by an A61 palled in the Fifty fecond Year of His Majelly’s Reign, intituled An A3 for granting to His Majcjly certain additional Rates of Poftage in Great Britain ; and all the Powers and Authorities given by Law for the Recovery of the Poftage of Letters lhall be in force and applicable to fuch additional Duty hereby impofed, and the fame lhall be charged, paid and regulated

by.

Additional Rate of Postage to be paid.

$2 G. 3. c. 8?.

k

C. 48, 49*

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Money arising by additional Rate of Postage to be paid over to the Receiver General as by 54 G. 3. c. 88.

37 G.3. c.43.

by, and be fubjeft to the fame Rules, Regulations and Exemption*, as are now by Law in force as to the Rates and Duties payable on fuch Letters.

LX. And be it further enafted, That the Sum or Sums of Money arifing from the faid additional Rate of Poftage by this Aft impofed, (hall be paid over from time to time to the Receiver General for the time being of the Revenue of the Poll Office, in the fame Manner and at the fame Time as other Sums of Money are direfted to be paid ♦over to him by an Aft palled in the Fifty fecond Year of His Majeuy*s Reign, intituled Ad A3 for granting to His Majejiy certain additional Rates of Pojlage in Great Britain ; and the faid Receiver General fhall, at the times when he (hall pay the other Rates and Duties by him received into the Receipt of His Majefty's Exchequer, pay over alfo into the faid Receipt all fuch Sum and Sums of Money as (hall be received by him for or on account of the faid additional Rate of Poftage hereby impofed (the neceffary Charges for paying, colled-ing and accounting for the fame being firlt dedufted), diftmguifhing the fame in his Accounts, and paying fuch Sum and Sums of Money for and on account of the faid Commiffioners appointed by the faid Aft of the Fifty ninth Year of His Maiefty’s Reign ; and the. faid Sum and Sums of Money fo paid (hall be carried to the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

%c Accounts of Receipts and Dilburfements of Commiffioners under <c the c. 30. ante, with a Report of the Progrefs made in the Works u to be laid before Parliament. When the Money advanced is paid off, “ Certificate thereof fhall be publifhed in the Gazette. § 61. The ** Commiffioners under 55 G. 3. c. 152. to render an Account to ** Treafury of Money advanced for building the Bridge over the “ Menai Straits, and to His Majefty and Parliament; § 62. Penalties “ and Forfeitures, how to be recovered. § 63. Conviftion of Of-

fenders. Form. § 64. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of Form. f< Party aggrieved by Irregularity may recover Damages and Cods. €‘ § 65. Plaintiff not to recover without Notice of Aftion, nor after

Tender of Amends. § 66. Appeal to Quarter Seffions. Notice “ of Appeal. Seffions may mitigate Forfeitures. § 67. Limitation u of Aftions. Where laid. Pleading. $ 68. Proceedings not “ removable by Certiorari. § 69. When Bridge and Roads are “ completed, c. 30. ante, to extend to this Aft. Exception. Schedules « (A),{B). § 70.

CAP. XLIX.

An Aft to continue the Reftriftions contained in feveral Afts on Payments in Cafli by the Bank of England, until the Fitft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and twenty three, and to provide for the gradual Refumption of fuch Payments; and to permit the Exportation of Gold and Silver.

[ad July 1819.]

*	\T7HEREAS an Aft was paffed in the Parliament of Great

1 VV Britain, in the Thirty feventh Year of the Reign of His

*	prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for confirming and continuing for a

*	limited time, the Rejhri&ion contained in the Minute if Council of the

* Twenty

A.D.1819.

59°t3EO. III.

C.49i

157

1 Tmentyfxtb of February One thoufand fovea hundred and ninety /even,

4 n Payments of Cajb by the Bank ; which A & was continued, under 4 certain Regulations and Reftridions, by another A61 made in the 4 Dud Parliament in the Thirty feventh Year aforefaid ; and by an 37 G. 3. c. 91. 4 Ad made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty eighth 38 G. 3- c. 1*

4 Year of His prelent Majefty’s Reign, the Proviiions contained in the 4 find laft recited A£t of the Thirty feventh Year, were amended and 4 continued; and by an Ad made in the Forty fecond Year of His 4* G. 3-1 prefent Majefty’s Reign, the feveral Proviiions of the faid Ads 4 palled in the Thirty feventh Year aforefaid, fo far as the fame are 4 amended and continued by the faid Ad pafied in the Thirty eighth 4 Year aforefaid, and alfo the recited Ad of the Thirty eighth Year 4 aforefaid, were further continued ; and by an A6k pafled in the 4 Forty third Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, the feveral Pro- 43 G. 3*c-1^

4 nfioni of the faid Ads pafied in the Thirty feventh Year aforefaid,

4 fo for as the fame are amended by the faid Ad pafled in the Thirty 4 eighth Year aforefaid, and continued by the faid Ad of the Forty 4 fecond Year, were further continued and amended ; and by an Aft 4 made in the Forty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, the 44 G. 3. c. z.

4 feveral Proviiions of the faid A6U pafied in the Thirty levcnth 4 Year aforefaid, fo far as the fame are amended by the faid Ad 4 palled in the Thirty eighth Year aforefaid, and continued and 4 amended by the faid Ad of the Forty third Year aforefaid, were 4 further continued ; and by feveral Ads pafied in the Fifty fourth, 54 G. 3. c. 99* 4 Fifty fifth. Fifty fixth, and Fifty eighth Years of His prefent S5 G.3*c**8 4 Majefty’s Reign, the faid recited Ad of the Forty fourth Year has 3* «■ 4®* 4 been continued, and is now in force, until the Fifth Day of July 58 G*c'

4 One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen : And Whereas an Ad c. 23. ante.

1 was pafied in the prefent Seflion of Parliament, intituled An Ad to 4 nfhrnmt until the End of the prefent Seflton of Parliament, the Governor 4 and Company of the Bank of England from making Payments in Cajh 4 under certain Notices given by them for that Purpofe : And Whereas 4 it is expedient that the Reftridions on Payments in Cafh by the faid 4 Sank fhouid be continued beyond the time to which fuch Reftric-4 tions are at prefent limited, and that a definite Period fhouid be 1 fixed for the Termination of fuefi Reftridions, and that preparatory 4 Meafures fhouid be taken with a view to facilitate and enfure, on 4 the Arrival of that Period, the Payment of the Promiffory Notes of 4 the Bank of England in the Legal Coin of the RealmBe it therefore enaded by The King’s Molt Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflemblcd, and by the Authority of the fame, That the feveral Proviiions of the faid hereinbefore recited 37 G. j.c- 45* Ads pafied in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty feventh 37 G. 3. cjm* Yor of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, fo far as the fame are amended bj the faid Ad pafied in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty and 43 G. v eighth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, and by the faid Ad of c. 18. and also thc Forty third Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for continuing c.*3* ante tad amending the fame, and alfo of the faid hereinbefore recited continued.

Ad of this prefent Seflion of Parliament, and each and every of the bid Ads, fhall be and the fame and every of them is and are hereby father continued, until the Firft Day of. May One thoufand eight hundred and twenty three; and that from and after the faid Firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and twenty three, the Reftridions

59* GEO. Iir.

Between FeU i, and Oct. i, i8acv Bank shall pay in Standard Gold for Notes tendered to an Amount not less than the Value of 6c oz., calculated after the Rate of 4^. is. per 01.

Between Oct. f, 1820, and May 1, 1821, such Payments shall be made iiv Gold calculated after the Rate of 3I. 19s. id, per os.

Between May 1, 1821, and May r, 1811, such Payments shall be made in Gold calcu* lated after tto Rate of 2l- 17s. ic^d.

c.49.

A.D.181&

flriftions on Payment* in CaiK under the faid feveral Atts (hall finally Ceafe and determine.

II.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That at any time on or after the Firft Day of February One thoufand eight hundred' and twenty, and before the Firft Day of OQober One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, whenever any Perfon (hall tender to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England any Note or Notes of the Card Governor and Company payable on demand, to an Amount not lefs than the Price or Value of Sixty Ounces of Gold, calculated after the Rate of Four Pounds One Shilling for every Ounce of Gold, and (hall require fuch Note or Notes to be paid in Standard Gold, the Governor and Company of the faid Bank of England (hall, upon demand, pay and deliver to the Perfon tendering fuch Notes, fuch Quantity of Gold of the Finenefs declared by Daw to be the Standard of and for the lawful Gold Coin of the Kealm, the fame having been firft aflayed and (tamped at His Majefty's-Mint in London, as (hal], at the faid Rate of Four Pounds One Shilling for every Ounce of fuch Gold, be equal to the Amount of the Notes fo presented for Payment.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That at any time on or after the Firft Day of OSober One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and before the Firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, whenever any Perfon (hall tender to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England any Note or Notes of the faid Governor and Company payable on demand, to an Amount not left than the Price or Value of Sixty Ounces of Gold, calculated after the Rate of Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence for every Ounce of Gold, and (hall require fuch Note or Notes to be paid in Standard Gold, the Governor and Company of the faid Bank of England (hall, upon demand, pay and deliver to the Perfon tendering fuch Notes, fuch Quantity of Gold of the Finenefs declared by Law to be the Standard of and for the lawful -Gold Coin of the Realm, the fame having been firft aflayed and (lamped at His Ma-jefty’s Mint in London, as (hall, at the faid Rate of Three Pound* Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence fqy every Ounce of fuch Gold, be equal to the Amount of the Notes fo prelented for Payment.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That at any time on or after the Firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, and before the Firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and twenty three, whenever any Perfon (hall tender to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England any Note or Notes of the faid Governor and Company payable on demand, to an Amount not lefs than the Price or Value of Sixty Ounces of Gold, calculated after the Rate of Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny for every Ounce of Gold, and (hall require fuch Note or Notes to be paid in Standard Gold, the Governor and Company of the faid Bank of England (hall, upon demand, pay and deliver to the Perfon tendering fuch Notes, fuch Quantity of Gold of the Finenefs declared by Law to be the Standard of and for the lawful Gold Coin of the Realm, the fame having been firft aflayed and damped at His Majefty’s Mint in 'London, as (hall, at the laid Rate of Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny for every Ounce of fuch Gold, be equal to the Amount of the Notes fo prefented for Payment.

V. And

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. IIL

C. 49.

159

V. And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the faid Bank of England, at any time between the laid Firft Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and the faid Firil Day of OSober One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, to pay and deliver to any Perfon who fall prefent Notes of the faid Governor and Company of the faid Bank, fuch Quantity of Gold of fuch Finenefs as aforefaid, and allayed and ftamped as aforefaid, as (hall be equal to the Amount of the Notes fo prefented, at any Rate lefs than Four Pounds One Shilling and not lefs than Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence tor every Ounce of fuch Gold; and in like manner at any time between the Firft Day of 0Sober One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and the Firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, to pay and deliver fuch Gold at any Rate lefs than Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence, and not lefs than Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny for every Ounce of fuch Gold: Provided always, that the Governor and Company of the faid Bank of England (hall give Three Days' Notice in Toe London Gazette of their Intention to make fuch Payments after fuch Rates, fpecifying the Rates at which fuch Payments (hall be made; and provided alfo, that it (hall not be lawful for the GoUSmor and Company of the faid Bank of England, at any time after making fuch Payments at the Rates mentioned in any fuch Notice, to pay or deliver any fuch Gold at a Rate higher than the Rate mentioned in any fuch Notice; any thing in this Adi to the contrary notwithftanding.

VL Provided alfo, and be it enadled. That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England (hall not be required or compelled, to pay or deliver any fuch Gold, except in Ingots or Bars of the Weight of Sixty Ounces each, aftayed and ftamped as aforefaid; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII. Provided alfo, and be it enadled, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the faid Bank of England to pay any Fradlion lefs than Forty Shillings of any Sum fo demanded above the Value of Sixty Ounces, in the lawful Silver Coin of the Realm.

fall. Provided alfo, and be it further enadled. That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, if they (hall fee fit, may at any time on or after the Firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and twenty two, pay or exchange the lawful Coin of the Realm for any Note or Notes of the faid Governor and Company payable on demand; any Provifions in the faid before recited Adis, or in this Adi, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX. And be it further enadled. That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England (hall, from time to time after the palling of this Ad, and until the Firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred aid twenty three, caufe a true and perfedl Account in Writing, to be taken and attefted by the proper Officer, of the average Amount of all Promiffory Notes and Bills of the faid Governor and Company which (hall be in Circulation during every Week, from Monday until Saturday both indufive, diftinguifhing the refpedlive Denominations and Values of the feveral Notes and Bills, and the average Amount . of the Notes and Bills of each Denomination and Value refpedlively fo in Circulation, and to caufe fuch Account to be tranfmitted and “	delivered

But the Bank may between Feb. I, and Oct. i, 1820, make Payments at any Rate less than 4L it* and not lesa than 3L 19s. 6d. per os., and between Oct. I* ihc, and May 1, 1821, may pay at a Rate lesa than 3]. 1 vs. 6d, and not less than 3I. x;s. icjd.

Such Payments may be made in Ingots of 60 ox.

Fractional Sums under 4C8. to be paid in Silver Coin.

Bank may pay in Coin on or after May 21. 1822.

Bank to deliver to Privy Council weekly Accounts of Average Amount of their Notes in Circulation ;

c. 40.

5$° GEO. IIL

A. D. 1810.

1

and also take and publish in , die London Gazette as Quarterly Account.

Gold and Silver Coin may be exported and melted.

delivered to one of the Clerks of His Majefty’s 'Privy Council, on the Tuefday in every Week next enfutng the Saturday to which fuch Account (hall be made up; and the laid Governor and Company (hall alfo from time to time, in like manner, caufe an Account to be taken and attefted of the average Amount of all Promiffory Notes and Bills of the faid Governor and Company which (hall be in Circulation during every Quarter of a Year ending on the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of QEtober, the Fifth Day of Januaryy and the Fifth Day of April in every Year after the pamng of this A61, and until the Firfl Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and twenty three, diftinguifhing the refpeftive Denominations and Values of the feveral Notes and bills, and the average Amount of the Notes and Bills of each Denomination and Value rcipeftively, and to caufe fuch Quarterly Account to be publifhed in The London Gaxette within One Week next after the End of each Quarter refpeftively.

‘ X. And Whereas the Laws now in force again ft melting and ‘ exporting the Gold and Silver Coin of the Realm have been found

*	ineffectual, and it is expedient that the Traffic in Gold and Silver

*	Bullion (hould be unreftrainedBe it therefore enacted. That from* and after the paffing of this Aft it '(hall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons to export the Gold or Silver Coin of the Realm to Parts beyond the Seas, and alfo to melt the Gold and Silver Com of the Realm, and to manufacture or export or otherwife difpofe of the Gold or Silver Bullion produced thereby; and no Perfon who (hall export or melt fuch Gold or Silver Coin, or who (hall manufacture, export or difpofe of fuch Bullion, (hall be fubjeCt to any Reftriftion, Forfeiture, Pain, Penalty, Incapacity or Difability whatever, for or in refpeCt of fuch melting, manufacturing or exporting the fame refpeCtively; any thing in any Aft or Afts in force in Great Britain or Ireland to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-



XI.	And for the removing all Doubts and Uncertainties with refpeft to various Provifions in divers ancient Statutes again ft melting and exporting of Gold and Silver, be it further enafted, That fo 9 E. 3. at a.	much of a Statute made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King

^ *• 3*	Edward the Third (hall be repealed, whereby it is provided, that no

religious Man nor other (hall carry any Sterling out of the Realm of Englandy nor Silver in Plate, nor Veffel of Gold, nor of Silver, upon pain of Forfeiture of the Money, Plate or Veffel that he fhall fo carry without The King’s Special Licence; and alfo that fo much % of the faid Statute (hall be repealed, whereby it is provided that no Sterling Halfpenny nor Fartning be molten for to make Veffel or any other thing by Goldfmiths nor other, upon Forfeiture of the Money fo molten, and that the Goldfmith or other which (hall have fo molten fuch Money (hall be committed to Prifon, and there (hall remain till he (hall have yielded unto The King the One Half of that he hath fo molten ; and that alfo fo much of a Statute made in the 17 E. 3. c. f. Seventeenth Year of the Reign of the faid King Edward the Third (hall be repealed, whereby it is accorded and affented, that good and lawful Men fhall be affigned in the Ports of the Sea and elfe-where, where need (hall be, to make Search that no Silver be carried out of the Realm, neither in Money nor otherwife, and that the dud Searchers (hall have the Third Part of the good Mdney which they (hall find upon the Sea, paffing out of the Realm; and alfo that la

much

C .49.

161

AJ>.,181*

53° GEO. III* .

nodi of the Statute of the Staple, or Ordinance of the Staples, made in the Twenty feventh Year of the {aid King Edward the *7^*3 Third, (hall be repealed, whereby it is ena&ed, that none carry out X4# of The King’s Realm $md j^ands the old Sterling; and alfo that fo. auch of the Statute n&dp in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign E* 3* *•K of the faid King Edouard the Third (hall be repealed, whereby it it c* enaded, that none dEry^>ut of the Realm Gold or Silver, in Plate nor in Money; *nd alfo that fo much of the Statute made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second {hall be re- S R* *• *•f * pealed, ^hereby it is afiented and accorded, and The King enjoineth c* * * *' all mtftner of People, Merchant!, Clerks and other, as well Strangers a Denizens, of what Eftate or Condition they be, upon pain ot as much a9 they may forfeit, that none of them upon the laid Pain, privily nor openly, do fend nor carry, nor caufe to be fent or carried out of the Realm, any Gold or Silver in Money, Bullion, Plate or Veflel, neither by Exchanges to be made nor in any other manner whatever, except the Wages of Calais and of other Tne Kang’s For-treffes beyond the Sea, and efpecially excepted the Prelates, Lords and others of the fame Realm to whom fometimes it behoveth ne-ceflhrily to make Payments beyond the Sea, that of fuch Payments only they may make Exchange in England by good and fufficient Merchants to pay beyond the Sea, fpecial Leave and Licence being therefore firfl had of our Lord The King, as well for the Exchangers as for the Perfon which ought to make the Payment, containing ex-prefsly the Sum which (hall be fo exchanged; and whereby it is affented that the Merchants who fo (hall make the faid Exchanges Hull be diligently examined and fworn, in their proper Perfoos, as‘ often as they (hall have the faid Licence, that they will not fend beyond the Sea any manner of Gold nor Silver under the Colour of the fame Exchange j and that if, after Proclamation of the faid Ordinance, any Perfon be from thenceforth duly attainted that he had caafed to be fent or carried beyond the Sea any Gold or Silver; again!! the faid ReRraint and Ordinance, he fhould forfeit to The King the fame Sum fo carried or fent; and alfo that fo much of the*

Statute made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of the faid King 17 B. a. c. z* Richard the Second (hall be repealed, whereby it is ordained and aflented, that no Groat or Half Groat fhall be moken by any Man, to make any Veflel or other thing thereof, and that no Man (hall tend Engtijh Money into Scotland, to change the fame in Money or for Money of Scotland; and alfo that fo much of the Statute made in the Second Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fourth (hall be a H. 4* c. 5. repealed, whereby it is ordained and eftablifhed, that if any Searcher ot the King may find Gold or Silver in Coin; or in Mafs, in the keeping of any that is about pafling or upon his Pafiage in any Ship or Veflel to go out of any Port, Haven or Creek of the Realm, without The King’s Special Licence, all that Gold or Silver (hall be forfeit to The Eng; and alfo that fo much of a Statute made in the Second 1H.6. c. 6. Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth (hall be repealed, whereby it ii ordained and eftablifned, that no Gold or Silver (hall be carried out of the Realm, upon pain of Forfeiture of the Value of the Sum of Money which (hall be carried out of the Realm, to be levied of him that (hall bring, carry or fend it out; and that he which efpietb the fame, and thereof givetH Knowledge to the Council, or to the •' Treafurer.of England, (hall have the Fourth Part of the Forfeiture fo 59G30.TII.	*	M	dup

162

C. 40.

50° GEO. IIL

A.D.1819.

4 H.c. 13-

13 & 14 C. 7. c.31.

and all other Laws as herein mentioned relating to melting or Exportation of Gold and 8ilrer Coin, dec. repealed.

6 Sc 7 W.3. *«7«$J-*7-

7 ic 8 W. 3. c. 19. C 6. vepeaiadL

doe to The King; and alfo that fo much of an Aft made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled An A8 againfl carrying away of Coin, Plate, Vcjfcls or Jeweli out rf tbit Realm, /hall be repealed, whereby it is enacted, that no Perfon dwelling or inhabiting within this Realm pay or deliver wittingly by way of Exchange or otherwife, to any Merchant or other Perfon, Stranger, born out of The King’s Obeifange, for any Merchandifei ■or Wares, or in any otherwife, any manner Pieces of Gold coined in this Realm, or in any other Realm, or any Plate, Veffel, Mafi Bullion nor Jewels of Gold wrought or unwrought, upon pain to forfeit and lofe the double Sum or double Value of all fuch Money of Gold coined, Plate, Veffel, Mafs Bullion or Jewel of Gold or Silver, paid, delivered or exchanged contrary to the faid Aft; and alfo that an Aft made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An A8 to prevent the Inconvenience ariling by melting the Silver Com of this Realm, (hall be repealed, whereby it is enafted, that no Perfon or Perfons (hall wilfully melt or caufe to be melted, any of the current Silver Money of this Realm, under the Pains, Penalties and Difabilities in the faid Aft mentioned ; and the feveral recited Provifions of the faid feveral Statutes and Afts, and the faid recited Aft of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and all and every other Law and Laws,* Aft and Afts in force immediately before the pafling of the faid laft recited Aft, whereby the Melting or Exportation of Gold and Silver Coin, or the Exportation of Mot ten Gold or Silver, or Bullion of Gold or Silver, was prohibited or reftrained, (hall be and the fame are and is hereby repealed, except only fo far as relates to any Suit, Aftion or Information which at the time of the pafling of this Aft (hall or may be depending, with relation to any Offence again (I the faid Statutes or Afts refpeftively or any of them.

XII. And be it further enafted. That from and after the paffing of this Aft, fo much of an Aft made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of His late Majefty King William the Third, intituled An A8 to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this Kingdom, (hall be repealed,

. as requires the taking, adminiftering, or Certificate of any Oath, that no Part of any Molten Silver intended for Exportation, was before the fame was molten the current Coin of this Realm, nor Plate wrought 'within this Kingdom; and alfo that fo much of the faid Aft (hall be repealed, whereby it is enafted, that if any Broker or Brokers, not being a Trading Goldfmith or Refiner of Silver, (hall buy or fell any Bullion or Molten Silver, every fuch Perfon (hall fuffer for every fuch Offence Imprifonment for Six Months, without Bail or Mainprize5 and alfo that fo much of the faid Aft (hall be repealed, as authorifes the Wardens or Afliftants of the Company of Goldfmhhs of London, or any Two Juftices of the Peace, to ieizc as unlawful Bullion any Molten Silver, which before the melting thereof was the current Coin of this Realm, or as requires any Offender in whofe Poffeffion unlawful Bullion (hall be found, to prove or Oath that fuch Bullion was not the current Coin of the Realm ; anc alfo that fb much of an Aft made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King William the Third, intitule*: An A8 to encourage the bringing Plate Into the Mint to bi coined, atm for the remedying the ill State of the Com of the Kingdom, (hall lx

repealed

A.D.18I9.

59° GEO. III.

C. 49.

16$

repealed, as requires 'the taking, adminiftering, or Certificate of any Oath, that no Part of any Molten Silver or Million whatfoever to be Hupped for Exportation, was before the feme was molten the Coin of this Realm, nor Plate wrought within this Kingdom; and alfo that lb ranch of the (aid laft mentioned A6k (hall he repealed, as impofes any Penalty or Forfeiture or Incapacity on the Captain or Mailer of any Ship or VefFel, who (Kail knowingly permit or fuffer Molten Surer or Bullion to be put on board his Ship or Veflel; and all the hid recited Provifions of the faid feveral AAs are hereby repealed accordingly.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaAed, That nothing Nothing herein in this AA contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to repeal or alter any A A or AAs, or any Part of any A A or A As in force in Great Britain or Ireland, fo far as the fame relate to the Prevention, of dipping, frr DeteAion or Punishment of the Offences of clipping, wafhing, round- the Coin of ing, filing, impairing, diminifhing, falfifying, healing or lightening of Kingdom, the lawful Coin of the Realm $ or to the infliAing any Pain, Penalty or Forfeiture on any Perfons guilty of fuch Offences, or guilty of buying or felling, or knowingly having in their Cuflody any Clippings or Filings of fuch Coin ; and that from and after the palling of this A A, before any Perfon or Perfons (hall tranfport or caufe to be tnn(ported any Molten Silver whatever. Oath (hall be made before Certain Oaths the Wardens of the Company of Goldfiniths in London, or one of them, by the Owner or Owners of fuch Mohen Silver, and likewife by one credible Witnefs that the fame is lawful Silver, and that no silver or Part thereof was, before the fame was molten, Clippings of the cur- Bullion; rent Coin of this Realm, which Oath the faid Wardens, or any One of them, are and is hereby required and authorised to adminifter, infield of the Oath required by die faid recited AA of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King WilTtam the Third; and that from and after the paffing of this AA, before any Perfon or Perfons fail (hip or caufe to be (hipped or put on board any Ship or Veflel whatfoever, any Molten Silver or Bullion whatfoever, Oatlf (hall be made before the Court of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, by the Owner or Owners of fuch Molten Silver or other Bullion whatsoever, and likewife by Two or more credible Witnefles, that no Part of fuch Molten Silver or Bullion was,_before the fame was molten. Clippings of the Coin of this Realm; which Oath the	be sdxniiib-

faid Court of the faid Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the faid City of	Maw

London are hereby required and authorifed to adminifter, inftead of M(j Aldenam* the Oath required by the faid recited A A of the Seventh and Eighth 0f London,

Tears of the Reign of King WilRam the Third; and that all the instead of tbs Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Provifions in the faid Ost*1 of?&9 fimsfal AAs contained, (hall continue and be in force with relation 3*	*9*

to the Clippings of the Coin of the Realm, and with relation to the Exportation of any Molten Silver or Bullion whatfoever, which before the melting thereof was Clippings of the Coin of the Realm, and in aD other rnpefts whatever, except only fo far as the fame are ex-profilj repealed or altered by this A A; any thing in this A A before to the contrary in any wife notwithftanamg.

CAP.

164

C. 50,61.

59°'GEO. III.

A.D.I819

CAP. L.

Settlement shall not be acquired by renting any Tenement, except a House or Land in the Parish of

^^^An A&4o amend the Laws refpc&ing the Settlement of .the C A7 Poor, fo far as regards renting Tenements. v[2d July 1819.]

t% ^TT HE REAS many Difputes and Contr^er^es^’^w^n^ €( VV refpefting the fettling of poor People, in Parishes in England, € by the renting of Tenements ;* Be it enafted by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft no Perfon (nail acquire a Settlement in any Parilh or Town (hip maintaining its own Poor in England\ by or by reafon of his or her dwelling for Forty Days in anv Tenement rented by fuch Perfon, unlefs fuch Tenement (hall connft of a Houfe or Building within fuch Parilh or Townfhip, being a feparate and diftinft Dwelling Hoiife or Building, or of Land within fuch Parifh or Townfhip, or ot the actual t^h, bond jidc hired by fuch Perfon at and for the Sum of Ten 10L held and Pounds a Year at the leaft, for the Term of One whole Year fnor rent paid for a unlefs fuch Houfe or Building (hall be held, ?nd fuch Land occupied, Year.	and the Rent for the fame aftually paid, for the Term of One whole

S7S-	Year at the leaft, by the Perfon hiring the fame; nor unlefs the

I	whole of fuch Land fhall be fituate within the fame Parilh or Town-

.	fhip as the Houfe wherein the Perfon hiring fuch Land (hall dwell

1*-#****^ and inhabit; any thing in any Aft or Afts, or any Conftruftion <rf ^ />c-	or Implication from any Aft or Afts, or any Ufage or Cuftom to

Ae contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

C A P. LI.

An Aft to relieve Perfons compounding for their Afleflcd Taxes, from an Annual Aflbflment, for the Term of Three Years.	[2d July 1819.]

48 G.3.0.55- .* TT7HEREAS by an Aft paffed in the Forty eighth Year of \ W the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for re-1 pealing the Duties of AJfejfed Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu in addttiona

thereof and certain additional Duties to be confoRdated therewith ; and 1 alfo for repealing the Stamp Duties on Game Certificates, and granting € new Duties in lieu thereof to be placed under the Management of the

*	CommiJJtoners for the Affairs of Taxes, certain Duties of Afleffed

*	Taxes were granted to "His Majefty : and by another Aft palled in

St G.3. c.93*	4	the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign of His faid Majefty, intituled

*	An AS for granting to His Majejly, certain new and additional Duties 4 °f Alfffid taxes, and for confolidating the fame with the former Duties 4 Auw'd Taxes, certain new and additional Duties of AflefTed 1 Taxes were alfo granted and consolidated with the former Duties 1 of Affeffed Taxes, 'which Duties have been varied by feveral fub-‘ feauent Afts ; and it is expedient to relieve filch Perfons as are

*	willing and defirous of compounding for their Affeffed Taxes from ‘ an annual Affeffment, and all further or increafed Charges on Ar± ‘ tides of the fame Description, for a Term to be limited* on con-‘ dkion of paying certain additional Rates on the Amount of the laft. « Affeffment made prior to the palling of this AftBe it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the

AdLvice

AJXlfflfc

GEO. III.

\65

C.51.

Advice and'Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Copi-noos, in this prefent Parliament afiembkd, and by the Authority of the fane, That the Afleffments made under and by virtue of the hid Ads, for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, (hall be and remain to the lame Amount, in rcfped of all and every the Perfons and Perfon who /hall compound for the annual Payment thereof, for the Term of Three Years, to commence from the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufaod eight hundred and nineteen, upon the Terms and Conditions hereinafter mentioned; and it (hall be‘lawful for the Commiifioners ading in execution of the faid feveral Ads, for any County, City, Town or Place, in Great Britain* or any Two or more of them, m their refpedive Divihons, to contrail and agree with any Perfons or Perfon who are or is affeffed to the Rates and Duties granted by the hid Ads, or any of them, for the faid Year ended on the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and who (hall apply to them for that Purpofe, in the fame Divifion in which fuch Afiettment hath been made, for the Compoiition of their, his . or her Aflefied Taxes, for the faid Period of Three Years, according to the Diiedions and Provilions of this AH ; and all and every Periona and Perfon affeffed for the Year ended a& aforefaid, to the Duties made parable by virtue of the faid Ada, or any of them, are and. is. hereby reipedively declared to be competent to enter into compoiition witn the find refpedive Commiifioners, for their, his or her Affeffed Taxes for the Term of Three Years, to commence from the faid Fifth Day of April* on the fame Amount annually, as (hall have been affeffed upon them, him or her, for the Year ended as aforefaid, together with an additional annual'Rate for every Twenty Shillings of the Amount fo affeffed, to be afcertained and fixed in the Proportions, and in manner herein mentioned, except as hereinafter is provided.

II.	And be it further enaded, That the Duties affeffed on inhabited Houfies and on Windows or Lights, contained fri the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) or either of them, referred to by the laid Ad of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid, /hall be compounded ior (Separately and diitindly from all and every the other Duties herein mentioned, chargeable under the faid Ads, or any of them; and where any fuch Compoiition (hall be made on the Amount of the faid Duties affeffed on inhabited^Houfes and on Windows or Lights, the Proportion of the faid additional Rate (hall be One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings of the Amount fo affeffed, and fo after that Rate for any greater or leffer Sum than T wenty Shillings; and where any fsch Compofition (hall be made on the Amount of any other of the Duties granted by the faid Ads, (except the Duties granted thereby in refped of killing Game,) the Proportion of the faid additional Rate (hall be One Smiling for every Twenty Shillings of the Amount fo affeffed, and fo after that Rate for any greater or lefs Sum than Twenty Shillings.

III.	And be it further enaded. That all and every Perfons and Perfon entering into any fuch Compofition according to the Pro-vifions of this Ad, and paying the Amount of the Sums compounded for at the times, and in the Proportions, and in manner herein fpe-dfied, and doing and performing all other Ads, Matters and Things required by this Ad, (hall be entitled to make or open, and keep open daring the faid Term, free.of Duty, any additional Number of

‘	M3	Windows

Assessments for the Yeer ’ ending April St 1819, to continue et the same Amount . for Three . Years.

Commissioners empowered to., contract.

teased in the lest Year may.

compounds.

Composition# on House and Window Dudes made separately.

Additional Rate of i». for every ace. on Amount of Compositions.

Compositions to entitle Persona compounding to open additional Windows, and to keep.additional Articles, free or Duty,

166.

C.6K

5$° geo: nr.

A.D.isia,

charged.

Exemption; except when chargeable for another Dwelling House, or for Articles of a different Description,

of the same	Windows or Lights, in their, his or her Dwelling Houfe in refpeft

Soa^bdFme**	Compofition	(hall have been made, and alfo to keep

and ufe, free of Duty, any additional Article or Articles of the fame Description, and chargeable under the fame Schedule of the faid A ft 8, (although the fame may be therein charged with different and progreflive Rates of Duty, according to the Number thereof,) as they, he or (he were or was charged in refpeft of in tbe Affeffment on which the Compofition fhall have been made ; and (hall be exempt from any further Compliance with any of the Provifions contained in the faid^Afts relating to the Affeffed Taxes, and from all Affeffments thereon, during the faid Term of Three Years; except where the Perfons or Perfon entering into fuch Compofition, (hall be or become chargeable with the faid Duties in refpeft .of a Dwelling Houfe or Dwwling Houfes not comprised in the faid Compofition; or in refpeft of any Article or Articles of a different Defcription, or chargeable with Duty under fome other Schedule or Schedules of the (aid Afts, than they, he or (he were or was charged in refpeft of in the Affeffment on which the Compofition (hall have been made ; in which excepted Cafes, and no other, further or increafed Charges (hall be made, and the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflifted according to the Provifions of the feveral Afts, in relation to the faid Taxes in force at and immediately before the palling of this Aft, as fully and effeftually as if no fuch Compofition had been made under this Aft.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Compofition (hall be entered into under this Aft with any Perfons or Perfon who (hall have become chargeable in tbe prefent Year, by reafon of any different or additional Eftablifhment fet up within the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, to a greater Amount of Duty than hath been charged on them, him or her in the faid laft Year's Alfrffment, without including as well the Amount of Duty fo charged in the faid Affeffment, as the increafed Amount of Duty fo becoming chargeable by reafon of fuch different or additional Eftablifhment, nor in any fuch Cafe where a bond fide Return of fuch different or increafed Eftablifhment (hall not be made before the Firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

V.	Provided always. That no Perfon (hall be chargeable under the pounding not to Afts in force at the time of paffiifg* this Aft, after the Expiration of

the faid Term .of Three Years, for any Part of the increafed Eftablifhment not included in the Compofition entered into under this. Aft, who (hall give Six Months previous Notice of his Intention to-difeontinue the lame, and who (hall aftually have ceafed to keep the fame One Calendar Month prior to the Expiration of the faid Period of Three Years.

VI.	Provided neverthelefs, That when an Eftablifhment (hall have confided in part of Articles whereon a lefs Duty hath been made payable by any Aft in the prefent Seflion of Parliament, it fhall be lawful to enter into Compofitions under this Aft, on the Amount of Duty charged on other Articles on the faid laft Aflefiinent, together with the Amount of Duty fo made chargeable by the faid Aft of the prefent SelEon of Parliament.

VII.	, And be it further enafted. That every Compofition entered into under this Aft, in refpeft of the Duties charged on a Dwelling Houfe from which the Perions or Perfon entering into the fame (haft

Persons chargeable to ft greater Amount than in the last Year’s Assessment, to oom-pound on the increased Amount*.

Persons com-.

Article* of different Assessments to be compounded fi* on the last

Compositions, to cease at the End oftb* Tear.

AD. 1819.

59° *eo. m.

C.«l.

167

remove during die Term herein limited, (hall ceafe and determine on the Fifth Day of April next after fuch Removal; and every Com-pofitioo entered into under this Ad* in refped of any other of the Duties granted by the faid Ads, with any Perfons or Pferfon who within the faid Term herein limited fhall die, or become bankrupt or infolvent, or fhall affign their, his or her Goods, Chattels or Effeds, fhall alfo ceafe and determine on the Firft Day of April next after fuch Death, Bankruptcy, Infolvency or Affignment.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Compofition entered CompowtioM

into in pvirfnance of this Ad, fubjed to the Determination thereof to bin<* Party as aforelaid, fhall bind the Perfons or Perfon entering into the fame,	•

their, his and her Chattels, Goods and Effeds, to the due and punc- Am^iL

tual Payment and Satisfadion, at the times and m the Proportions herein fpecified, of the full Amount of the Sums made payable upon the faid Compofition, or by virtue thereof, during the Continuance of the fame, according to and under the Provifions of this Ad.

IX.	And be it further enaded. That all and every Pferfons or Parties re-Perfon fo having compounded, and quitting or removing from the moving, and th* Dwelling Houfes or Dwelling Houfe in refped of which fuch Com- Executort and pofidon fnall be made, and the Executors, Adminiiifators or Affignees

of fuch Perfons or Perfon dying or becoming bankrupt or infolvent, to ^ »nswer-aod the Affigns of any fuch Perfons or Perfon affigning their, his or able for die her Edate, Chattels, Goods or Effeds, fhall be bound to the due and Compositions, pundual Payment of all Sums accruing, due or in arrear at the re- j? ^ ^ ipeftive times of fuch Removal, Death, Bankruptcy, Infolvency or ****' Affignment, or which fhall be payable upon fuch Compofition for the*

Year ending on the Fifth Day of April next after fuch Removal,.

Death, Bankruptcy, Infolvency or Affignment; and no Goods or Chattels whatever, belonging to any Perfons or Perfon fo having compounded, and quitting or removing from their, his or her Dwelling Houfes or Dwelling Houfe, or dying or becoming bankrupt or infolvent, or affigning their, his or her Eftate, Chattels, Goods or Efie&s, fhall be removed, nor fhall any Goods or Chattels belonging to any Perfons or Perfon fo having compounded, be liable to be taken by virtue of any Execution or other Procefs, Warrant or Authority, unlefs the Perfons or Perfon fo having compounded, or their, his or her Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigneet, or the Party to whom any fuch Affignment fhall be made, or by whom fuch Procefs, Warrant, Authority or Seizure fhall be fued out or made, fhall, before the Removal of fuch Goods or Chattels, pay or caufe to be paid to the proper Colledor or Colle&ors of the laid Compofition Money,

(the fame not having been paid to the Governor and Diredors of

me Bank of England, or the Receiver General or his Deputy, pur-

foant to the Diredions of this Ad,) all Arrears of the faid Monies Arrears to bs

which fhall be then due, or which fhall be payable for the Year paid.

coding on the Fifth Day of April next after nich Removal, Death,

Bankruptcy, Infolvency, Affignment or Seizure ; and in cafe of Re-fafal to pay the faid Compofition Money then due or to grow due as afoieuid, the faid Colledors or Colledor are or is hereby authorised and required to diftrain fuch Goods or Chattels, and proceed to the Sale thereof, in fuch manner as they may fell any Goods or Chattels diffcntined under the faid Ads, until they or he fhall have obtained Payment of the faid Compofition Money, together with the seafbnable CofU and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale; and

M 4	every

Composition Monies payable Quarterly as Attested Taxes.

Proviso for Payment of Compositions not less than sd into the Bank, or to Receiver (general, by Half yearly Payments.

Receiver General to give Receipts, to be delivered over to the Collector, and by him received as Cash.

Bank, to open an Account with Commissioners of the Treasury.

Cashiers to receive Compositions, and to enter same in said Account.

C. 51.	53’	GE& III.	A.D. 181&.

every fuch Colleftor fhall be indemnified for fo doing by virtue of this Aft.

X.	And be it further enafted, That the Monies to arife or become payable by virtue of the Compofitions entered into under this Aft, fhall be payable without demand, and paid Quarterly, at the fame times and in the fame Proportions, and to the fame Perfons reflectively, as the Duties of Afleffed Taxes are now payable by virtue of any Aft or Afts in force at and immediately before the palling of this A61: Provided always, that all and every the Perfons and Perfon fo compounding as aforefaid, the Amount of whofe annual Compofitions or Compofition (hall not be lefs than Twenty Pounds, may contraft and agree with the refpeftive Commifiioners aforefaid for the Payment of their, his or her Compofition Money into the Bank of England, or to the Receiver General, or his lawful Deputy, for the County or Divifion where their, his or her Compofition Money fhafl be payable by Half yearly Inftalm£nts at the times and in the manner herein prescribed in this Aft; and all fuch Half yearly Payments (hall be made in equal Portions on or before the Firft Day of OSober, and,the Firft Day of April in each Year; and with refpeft to Payments to be made to the Receiver General or his Deputy, to require a Receipt or Receipts acknowledging fuch Payments, at the Coft and Charge of the Perfons or Perfon making fuch Payments, in fuch Form as the Commifiioners for the Affairs of Taxes fhall devife and dire ft; and in every fuch Cafe the faid Receiver General or his Deputy as aforefaid, fhall give the faid Perfons or Perfon by whom fuch Payments lhall be made, a Receipt or Receipts as aforefaid, fpecifying therein the Names or Name of the Perfons or Perfon compounding as aforefaid, and the Parilh or Place mentioned in the Certificate of Compofition ; which Receipts fhall be delivered over to the Collectors, or One of them, of the Parilh or Place where the Affeffment referred to by the Certificate of Compofition lhall have been made, by Indorfement under the Hands or Hand of the Perfons or Perfon fo compounding and paying, and (hall be received by fuch Colleftors or Colleftor as Calh, and allowed as fuch by every Receiver General or his Deputy in his Accounts with fuch Colleftor.

XI.	And oe it further enafted, That the Governors and Direftors of the Bank of England fhall open an Account in their Books with the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, for each Year, during the Term herein limited, under the Title ol “ The Commifiioners of the Treafury on account of Compofitions of Affeffed Taxes,” and lhall carry to tne Credit of fuch Account all Monies authorised by this Aft to be paid into the faid Bank of England; and the Calhier of the Bank of England who lhall receive any Money tendered to him in Payment of not lefs than One Moiety of the Money annually payable on any Compofition, lhall enter the fame in the Book to be provided for that Purpofe, and all fuch Sums lhall be entered undef the Names or Name of the Perfons or Perfon compounding as aforefaid, and the County, Divifion and Parilh or Place mentioned in the Certificate of Compofition; and the faid Calhier lhall give the Perfon paying the fame a Certificate of fuch Payment, fpecifying therein the Number of' Half yearly Inftalments thereby difcharged, and refcr-. ring therein to the Names or Name of the Perfon or Perfons fo compounding, and the County and Divifion ‘mentioned: in the Certificate

A.D.I819.

59° GEO. III.

C51.

169

tificate of Compofition then produced : Provided always, that it (hall Persons pay-be lawful for any Perfons or Perfon fo authorifed as aforefaid, to pay “6	“nu**

or caufe to be paid in Advance to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or to their Cafhier or Cafhiers, any Sum or Sums a d»-of Money compounded for as aforefaid, and payable for the Term of count of 3I. per One whole Year, and to require a Certificate or Certificates acknow- Cent per lodging fuch Payments; and it (hall be lawful for the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the laid Bank of England, on Production of the Certificate of Compoiition at the time of Payment of the faid Duty in Advance, (all Sums then payable on fuch Compoiition for any former Year or Inftalment being fim fatisfied,) to make an Allowance out of the Sum or Sums fo paid in Advance, at the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, calculated for the Period or Periods by which each refpedive Sum (hall be paid fooner than the Period preferibed by this Ad for the Payment thereof; and all fuch Certificates made Certificates of out by the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England as aforefaid, being indorfed and delivered by the	^

Perfons or Perfon fo compounding, to the Colledors, or One of them, of the Parifh or Place where the AfTeffment referred to by the Certificate of Compoiition (hall have been made, (hall be received by them as Cafh in fatisfadion of the Condition of fuch Certificate, and allowed to them in their Accounts with the Receiver General and his Deputy as aforefaid.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That the AfTefTors ading in the Assessors Execution of the Ads in relation to AfTefTed Taxes, (hall, as foon to deliver the after the palling of this Ad as can conveniently be done, give fuch	all

Notice of this Ad to all and every Perfons and Perfon charged to partie6 aasetMXj the faid Duties or any of them, for the Year ending the Fifth Day in the list of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, as the Com- Tear; together miffioners for the Affairs of Taxes (hall devife and dired, or leave spanned the fame at their, his or her Dwelling 'Houfe or Place of Refidence, Form' or on the Premifes, charged by the faid AfTeffment within the refpedive Limits of fuch Afieffors; together with a printed Form, to be ufed in applying to the Commiffioners of the refpedive Divifions by all Perfons defirous of compounding for their Affeffed Taxes under this Ad, in fuch Form as (hall be devifed and direded as aforefaid; and all and every Perfons and Perfon defirous of fo compounding, (hall diftmgtdfh on fuch Form the additional Rate at which they, he or (he are or is defirous to compound, and (hall fign the fame with their, his or her Chriftian and Surnames or Surname, in their, his or her ufual manner of writing the fame, and caufe the fame to be delivered, free of Charge, to the Clerk of the Commiffioners of the Divifion wherein the faid Afleffment hath been made; and the faid Clerks by whom fuch Forms (hall be received, (hall number the fame progreffively, and file the fame, and with all convenient Speed (hall mark the Affeff-xnents on which fuch Compofitions are to be made, and (hall fummon the Commiffioners of their refpedive Divifions to meet at the ufual Place of Meeting on fome convenient Day, not later than Ten Days after he (hall have received Notice of any fuch Application to compound ; and the faid Commiffioners (hall meet at their ufual Place of Meeting within the time fixed by fuch Summons, to take the Applications then made into confideration, and fo from time to time as 'often as fuch Applications (hall be made, and at fuch times 'as they fhall deem ifecefiary for the due Execution of this A&.

XIII. And

Persons desirous to compound, to send

Clerks of Commissioners ; who are to summon Commissioners to take the Applications into consideration.

C.51.

50° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Surveyors ta examine Assessments for the la* Year on Pmmt apply, ing to couw pound,end their Returns for the present Tear; and in certain Cases may certify their Objections to Commissioners.

In what Cases

Composition may be rejected*

Doubts may be referred to Commissioners for Taxes, dec.

Half of the Composition to be paid in Ten Days.

Time of entering into Compositions limited.

Clerks to prepare the Cer-tiflcatesofCom-politioii to be

•feud by Cm*

XIII.	And be it further ena61ed, That the Surveyors appointed under the A6b relating to Affeffed Taxes* (hall, before any Certificate of Compofition mall be executed by the faid refpe&ive Com. miffioners, as herein mentioned, carefully and diligently infpeA and examine each and every Application to compound, made under this A61, and alfo the AfTefTments made on the Perfons or Perfon fo implying for the Year ended on the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and alfo the Returns of the fame Perfons or Perfon delivered under the faid Ads for the prefent Year, commencing from the faid Fifth Day of April; and if iuch Surveyor (hall, on fuch Infpe&ion and Examination, find or difeover that any Perfons or Perfon who (hall have applied to compound, hath removed from the Dwelling Houfe charged in the laft Affeffment, or hath returned any additional Eftablifhment as chargeable for the prefent Year, fo as to increafe the Amount of their, his or her Affeffment for the prefent Year, beyond the Amount charged in the preceding Year, or hath not made any Return, or hath made an undue Return for the prefent Year, it (hall be lawful for the faid Surveyor, and he is hereby required to certify the fame in Writing by him to the faid Commiifioners, with his Obje&ions ; and no Compofition (hall be entered into in refped of the Dwelling Houfe from which the Perfons or Perfon applying to compound, have or hath removed; nor with any Perfons or Perfon who have not nor hath made a due Return of all Articles, Matters and Things chargeable upon them, him or her for the prefent Year, and in cafe fuch due Return (hall have been made, then no fuch Compofition (hall be entered into, without adding to the Amount of the laft Year’s Affeffment the additional Eftablifhment chargeable under the faid A6b in the prefent Year, and calculating the additional Rate payable under this A61 on fuch aggregate Amount; and if any Doubt (hall arife, whether a Compofition may be made under this A61, according to the Pro-vifions thereof, it (hall be lawful for the refpe61ive Commiifioners to refer the Matter in doubt to the Commiflioners for the* Affairs of Taxes, or to fuch Commiifioners as His Majefty (hall appoint for that Purpofe, or any Two of them, who (hall return their Opinion to the faid refpe61ive Commiifioners, who (hall a61 according to fuch Opinion.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further ena61ed. That upon every Compofition entered into under this A61, after the Firft Day

of 0Bober One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, there (hall be -paid One Moiety of the annual Amount payable on the fame, within Ten Days after, the Date of the Certificate of Compofition; and no fuch Compofition (hall be entered intQ after the Thirty firil Day of the fame Month, nor after the Perfon6 or Perfon applying for the fame (hall have received a Notice of an increased Charge upon their* his or her Return of Articles chargeable for the prefent Year, from the Surveyor of the Di(lri61 in which fuch Return (hall be made ; nor after any Appeal from the Amount of the firft Affeffment charged on the Perfons or Perfon fo applying to compound for the prefent Year, which fhall be made conformable to the Returns of the Perfons or Perfon fo applying.

XV.	And be it further ena61ed. That upon all Applications to compound under this A61, which (hall not be obje61ed to by the Surveyor as afbrefaid, the Clerk to the faid refpe61ive Coromiflionera {hall carefully and diligently compute and ascertain the Amount of

Duty

AJJ.181*

59° GEO- UL

€.51.

171

Duty charged in the faid laft Afleflments, and (hall prepare and ftU mieuonen and . up a Certificate of the Compoiition to be made thereon, on which Ffirtfe* com-• the additional Rate is by this Ad directed to be charged; and ^nding whenever the Applications to compound which have been objected u^Twikr to by the Surveyor as aforefaid, (hall have been conceded to by the to attend.

Cod refpedive Commiffioners, the faid Clerks (hall in like manner from time to time compute and ascertain the Amount of Duty whereon the additional Rate is by this A d dire&ed to be charged, and prepare and fill up a like Certificate, and (hall from time to time give Notice to the Perfons or Perfon fo applying, to attend the faid Commiffioners, to fign and execute the faid refpedive Certificates ; and every fuch Certificate (hall be made in Three Parts, Certificates with Counter Cheques, and feverally figned by the faid Commiffioners, “•de in Tbfsr or any Two or more of them, and by the Perfons or Perfon ™tfc compounding, in the Prefence of their Clerk or his Affiftant, who '

(hall atteft the fame; and Two of the faid Parts (hall be cut off indentwife from the Third Part, and from each other. One of which (hall be delivered to the Perfons or Perfon compounding, and the other thereof tranfmitted to the Office of the Commiffioners for the Adairs of Taxes, and the Third (hall remain with the Commiffioners executing the fame; and all fuch Certificates (hall be made in the form to this Ad annexed.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral Sums payable Composition . under or by virtue of any Compofidon to be made under this Ad, Monies to be (hall be raifed, levied and accounted for, under the Provifions and Regulations of this Ad, and any Ad or Ads in force at the time ^ Acte of puffing this Ad, in relation to the Duties of Affefled Taxes, or to Assessed of any Ad or Ada to be pafied in this Seffion of Parliament; and Texes, dm Ad (hall be conftroed in fuch Manner and to the like Effed,

as if the feveral Provifions in the faid Ads in force as aforefiud con* toned, for railing, levying, paying and accounting for die Dudes of Aflefied Taxes, were exprefsly enaded in this Ad, except Where other Ptovifions are made under this Ad, for paying the'faid feveral Sums contained in the Compofitions under tfiis Ad, or (hall be made under any Ad or Ads to be pafied in the prefent Seffion of Parliament; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Diredkxts,

Chafes, Matters and Things contained in fuch Ads in force as afore-laid, for levying, paying and accounting for the Duties of Affefied Taxes, (hall feverally and refpedively be obferved, pradifed and1 put in execution throughout the refpedive Parts of England and*

Scotland refpedively, as fully and effectively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Directions, Claufes, Matters and Things were refpedively repeated and re-enaded in thi*

Aft, and (hall feverally be applied, conftrued, deemed and taken to* belong to this Ad, in like manner as if the fame had been enaded therein, and exprefsly applied to the Monies to be railed, paid and accounted for, under the Compofitions authorised by this Ad.

XVII. And be it further enaded, That all and every the Perfons Commhsfonw or Perfon who now are or is, or for the time bring (hall be Commif- acting under doners for putting in execution the faid Ads in relatioh to the Affeffed Amassed Tax Taxes, and who mall be refpedively qualified and anthorifed to fid cevenfisdrow is the exemption of the faid Ads, and (hall have taken the Oaths act in ex-drifted thereby, (hall be Commiffioners for putting in execution this ecutfen of this Aft, and the Powers referred to or contained in all and every the Ayst refpedive Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns

and

m

C. 51.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.18U.

Treasury to allow additional Solanos to Sur-

and Places, privileged or not privileged, within England, Wales arid Berwick'upon Tweedy and in all and every the Shires, Stewartries, app^nto2uuSer ^*t'e8 Boroughs in Scotland; and the feveral Afleflbrs, Col-the same Acts kftor* and Clerks refpeftively appointed or to be appointed to pat to execute in execution the faid Afts, and the feveral Surveyors, Infpeftors this Act	and Infpeftors General refpeftively appointed or to be appointed

under or by virtue of the faid Afts, within the Limits of their refpec-tive Jurifdiftions to which they are or (hall be refpeftively appointed, fhall refpeftively be A {Fedors, Collectors,Clerks, Surveyors, Infpeftors and Infpeftors General, to put in execution this Aft, according to the Powers refpeftively given to them by this Aft, and they/refpeftively are hereby empowered and required to do all things neceflary for putting this Aft in execution, with relation to the Competitions to be made, and the Monies to be raifed under this Aft, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they or any of them are or is authorised to put in execution the Powers of the faid Afts, in fo far as the faid Powers are refpeftively applicable to this Aft ; and all the Monies tef be raifed under this Aft (hall be under the Care and 'Management of the Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes, ap~ pointed or to be appointed by His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeflbf*. XVIII* And be it further enafted, .Tnat it (hall be lawful to and

______	for the Commiflioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of thorn,

vmr^wod^H now or f°r the time being, or the High Treasurer for the time being, charge' lad-	to allow fuch additional Salaries to the feveral Surveyors to be epa- #

dents.	ployed in the Execution of this Aft, and otherwise in relation thereto*

and alfo to difeharge fuch incident Charges and Expences of the faid Surveyors, and alfo of the Infpeftors and Infpeftors General, as {hall neceffarily attend the Execution of this Aft, as the faid Commit-fioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, or the High •Treafurer for the time being, (hall think tit and reasonable in tl>at •behalf; and every Receiver General and Colleftor fhall annually, during the Continuance of this Aft, have and be entitled to have the lie Poundage for what Money they fhall refpeftively pay or as under -account for under this Aft, as they or hie would have been entitled. 48 G. 3. c. 55. -to under the faid Aft of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His < prefent Majefty, for the like Amount of AfTefled Taxes paid by Clerks to . them refpeftively; and that for the careful preparing, writing and uimIrUn^e transcribing all and every the Certificates of Competition,Duplicates, 48 G. 3. c.55. Warrants and Eftreats in due time, and for the due, fpeedy and • effeftually executing all Matters and Things direfted to be done or 'performed by or under the Commiflioners afting in the Execution of -this Aft, the Clerk of the faid refpeftive Commiflioners who fhall perform the fame .within .the times limited by this Aft, or by the laid Afts in force at and immediately before the palling of this Aft, (hall have and receive from the Receiver General at the fame times, and under the. fame Conditions and Reitriftions, the like Poundage on the Amount* compounded for under this Aft, as he would have r-.	>	been entitled to have and receive under the faid Aft of the t Forty

- eighth Year aforefaid, for the like Amount of AfTefled Ta^es.

XIX. And be it further enafted. That from and after the Date of any'Certificate of Compofition made under this Aft, and during? except as before ^ Continuance of the fame in. force, all Afiefiments under the faid excepted. Afts (hall ceafe with refpeft to the Perfons or Perfon fo compouxaft-Clerks to ntice ring, except as hereinbefore is excepted 5- and Three Ab drafts oF all awt-Ahstmctsof and every. Certificates-and Certificate of Compofition^ fhall, within

7	Tea

Receivers General and Collectors to

All Assessments to cease.

A.D..18J9.	sty GEO. III.	C.	51.

Ten Days after the Firft Day of October in the prefent Year, and in each fubfequent Year during the Continuance of any Compoiitions under this A&, within One Calendar Month after the Fifth Day of in fuch Year, be prepared by the Clerk to the Commiffionera who hare executed the faid Certificates, in fuch Form as (hall be deviled and dire&ed by the Commiffioners for the Affairs of Taxes ; and the faid Commiffioners, or any Two or more of them, yearly fet their Hands to the faid Abftra&s, and deliver or caufe to be delivered One of the’faid Abftra&s of fuch Certificates, together with Warrants uftder the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the (aid Commiffioners for colle&ing the fame, unto the Perfons refpe&ivdy who fhall be appointed to colleft the AfTefTed Taxes for that Year, and One other of the faid Abftra&s to the Surveyor of the Dif-trid for the time being, and the Third of the faid Abftra&s to be kept by fuch Clerk for the Ufe of the faid Commiffioners $ and in cafe the refpe&ive Colle&ors (hall not receive the Sums payable on the Certificates of Compofition with which they are refpe&ively entrufted, according to the faid Abftra& delivered to them respectively, or the Receipt of the Receiver General or his Deputy, or the Certificate of the Cafhier of the Bank of England, acknowledging the Payment thereof, at or before the times mentioned in their Warrants, it fhall be lawful to and for fuch Colle&or and Colle&ors, or any of them, and they are hereby required forthwith to diftraih for the fame, together .with One Shilling tar every Twenty Shillings of the Amount m airear, to their or his own Ufe, and all reafonable Coils and Charges attending the fame, in fuch Manner and Form as they might di ft rain for the Duties of AfTefTed Taxes arifing by virtue of the laid A&s, and to levy and' raife the fame, under the like Powers and Authorities as Colle&ors are authorised to ufe in and for the Recovery of the faid Duties.

XX. And be it further ena&ed, That the refpe&ive Commiffioners aforefaid, fhall caufe the Amounts of the Sums to be raifed by fuch Campofitions in each Parifh, Ward and Place, within their refpe&ive Dhifkras, to be inferted in their annual Duplicates of AfiefTments of Affiffled Taxes on Parchment, in a Column to be prepared thereon for that Purpofe, under the Head of “ Taxes compounded for,” in Eke manner as if the fame Amounts had been Severally charged by A&ffinent under One Schedule of the (aid A&s, in the fame Parifh, Ward or Place; and fhall place the refpe&ive Amounts payable in each Parifh, Ward or Place, oppofite the Names of the Colle&ors of the Tame Parifh, Ward or Place, that the Several Colle&ors, and each Parifh, Ward or Place, may be anfwerable for the fame Amounts, as if the fame had been to be raifed by AfTeiTment under the faid Ads.

XXL And be it further enabled. That the Monies arifing by the Compofitions entered into under this A& (the neceflary Charges of rrifbgand accounting for the fame excepted), fhall from time to time he paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wejbunjler, to the Account of AfTefTed Taxes, and fhall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain*

XXII. And. be it further ena&ed, That this A& may be varied, altered or amended, by any A& or A&s to be made in the prefent Seffion of Parliament.

m

Composition under Hand of Commissioners for Collectors to collect by.

If Compositions not duly paid. Collectors may distrain for Arrears with is* in the Pound for their own Use, and all Coats and Charges.

Commissioners to include in their Parchment Duplicates of Assessed Taxes, the Amount of the Composition Monies.

Composition Monies carried to Consolidated Fund.

Act altered, Ac. tills Session.

SCHE-

m

C. 51.

59° GEO. III.

X.D.1

N°

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers.

KNOW all Men, That we,

cf the Commiflioners a&ing in the Execution of the Ads in relation to AfTefTed Taxes, for the Divifion of	in	the

have contra&ed and agreed with	of

in the faid County and Divifion, ip purfuance of an Ad pa(Ted in the 59th Year of George the Third, for the Com-* pofition of	AfTefled	Taxes,	chargeable upon

at and for the annual Sum of £ feeing the Amount of the faid Afleflinent and an additional Kate of	Pounds	per Centum per Annum thereon,

amounting together to the Sum of £	to	be

?aid in to the Receiver General of the faid Divifion by Two nftalments;

Via.—1 ft. Inftalment, on or before the 1 ft Day of Odober, 2d Inftalment, on or before the 1 ft Day of April, in each Year, during and until the full End and Term of Three Years, commencing on the 5th Day of April 2819.

The Condition of the above Compofition is, That the above-named

(hall duly pay or caufe to be paid to the Receiver General of the faid Divifion or his lawful Deputy, or One of them, on or before the Days before mentioned, without Demand, the yearly Sum of £	by	Two Inftalments in

even Portions, taking his Receipt for the fame on each Payment, and delivering the faid Receipts to the Colledors of or One of them, in difcharge of fuch Payment, otherwise the faid Compofition fhall be levied of the Goods and Chattels of the faid

or otherwife, as the faid Ad direds.

Signed,

Witnefs

Clerk to the laid Commiflioners.

} Commiflioners of the within Divifion.

The Party hereto*

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 51.

ns

N#

agreed with

KNOW all Men, That we,

of the Commiflioners ading in the Execution of the A&s in relation to Afiefled Taxes, for the Divifion of	in the

have contracted and

of

iiTthe faid County and Divifion, in purfuance of an A€t palled in the 59th Year of George the Third, for the Competition of	Afiefled	Taxes,	chargeable

upon	at	and	for the annual Sum of £

being the Amount of the faid Aflefiment and -an additional Rate of	Pounds	per	Centum	per Annum thereon,

amounting together to the Sum of £	to	be

paid into the Bank of England	by

Two Inftalmenrt*;

Viz.—1 ft Ioftalment, on or before the ift Day of October, ad Inftalment, on or before the ift Day of April, io each Year, during and until the full End and Term of Three Years, commencing on the 5th Day of April 1S19.

The Condition of the above Compofition is, That the above-named

(hall duly pay or caufe to be paid to One of the Cafhiers of the Bank of England, on or before the Days before mentioned, without Demand, the yearly Sum of £ by Two Inftalments in even Portions, taking the Certificate of the faid Cafhier for the fame on each Payment, and delivering the faid Certificates to

the ColleCfors of or One of them, in difcharge of fuch Payment, otherwife the (aid Compofition (hall be levied of the Goods and Chattels of the faid	or	otherwife,	as

the (aid ACt dire&s

Signed,

1 Commiflioners of the J within Divifion.

Witaefa







The Party hereto.

Clerk to the faid Commiflioners.

176

1

C. 51.	59®	GEO..	III.	A.D.,1819.

N°

KNOW aU Men, That we,

of the .Commiffioner8 a&ing in the Execution of the A&s in relation to AfTefled Taxes, for the Divifion of	in	the

have contra&ed and agreed with	of

in the faid County and Divifion, in purfuance of an A& • pa(Ted in the 59th Year of George the Third, for the Com-pofition of	Affefied Taxes, chargeable upon

at and for the annual Sum of £ being the Amount of the faid Afteflment and an additional Rate of	Pounds	per Centum per Annum thereon,

amounting together to the Sum of £	to	be

paifl in to the Colle&ora of the faid	by Four

Inftalments;

Viz.—1 ft Inftalment, on or before the 5th Day of July,

2d Inftalment, on or before the iothDayof O&ober, 3d Inftalment, on or before the 5th Day of January, 4th Inftalment, on or before the cth Day of April, in each Year, during and until the full End and Term of Three Years, commencing on the 5th Day of April 1819.

The Condition of the above Compofition is. That the above-named

ftiall duly pay or caufe to be paid to the Colle&ors for the faid

or One of them, on or before the Days before mentioned, without Demand, the yearly Sum of £ by Four Inftalments in even Portions, otherwife the faid Compofition ftiall be levied of the Goods and Chattels of the faid

or otherwife, as the faid AH dire&s.

Signed,

JCommiflioners of the within Divifion.

Witnefs

Clerk to the faid Commiflioners.

The Party hereto.

AD. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 52.

177

cap. m.

An A& to repeal the feveral Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

*	[ad	July 1819O

*	WHEREAS by an AGi made in the Forty ninth Year of 49 G. 3. c.98.

*	VV His prefent Majefty* 8 Reign, intituled An A8 for t'epcaTtng 1 the fevered Duties of (Suborns chargeable in Great Britain, and for

<	fronting other Duties in lieu thereof certain Duties of Cuftoms and ‘ certain Drawbacks in refpeft thereof were granted and made payable

<	in Great Britain, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks payable

1 there: And Whereas by an A6t made in the Fifty fourth Year of 54 G. 3. c. 36.

*	His prefent Majefty’s Reign, certain Duties of Cuftoms were 4 impofed on Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported into Great

*	Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter

*	granted to the United Company of Merchants of jEngland trading 4 to the Eajl Indies : And Whereas feveral new and additional Duties 4 of Cuftoms have from time to time been granted and made payable 4 in Great Britain by feveral A 6b made fince the making of the 4 faid recited A6b: And Whereas it is expedient that the feveral

*	Duties of Cuftoms now payable in Great Britain fhould be con-4 fblidated, and that for that Purpofe all Duties of Cuftoms now 4 payable in Great Britain [except as hereinafter excepted) (hould 4 cede and determine, and tnat other Duties of Cuftoms fhould be 4 granted and made payable in lieu of the Duties which fball fo ceafe 4 and determine:* Be it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of & Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflemhled, and by the Authority of the fame, T*hat from and after Duties of the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, all Customs end and fingular the Subudies, Cuftoms, Impofitions or Duties whatever Drawbacks to refpe&mg the Revenue of Cuftoms payable to His Majefty, His ceMe*

Heirs tod SuccefTors, by virtue of any A£t or A6U of Parliament

in force in Great Britain on or immediately before the faid Fifth

Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, upon the

Importation or Exportation relpe&ively of any Goods, Wares or

Merchandife into or from Great Britain, or upon any Goods, Wares

or Merchandife being brought or carried Coaftwife from one Port or

Place in Great Britain to any other Port or Place in the fame, or upon

any Ship or Veffel, according to the Tonnage thereof, entering or

clearing outwards or inwards at any Port within Great Britain, and

alio all additional Impofts or Duties charged upon the Produ6t or

Amount of the faid feveral Duties of Cuftoms or any of them, and

the feveral and refoe&ive Drawbacks allowed upon the Exportation

of any Goods, Wares or Merchandife from Great Britain, {hall ceafe

and determine, fave and except in fuch Cafes only as are excepted

or provided for by any Exception or Provifo contained in this A& ;

and fave and except in all Cafes and fo far as (hall relate to the except Anvers

recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears of the faid Duties and Pennldm, to

Drawbacks refoedively, which may remain unpaid or not allowed on

the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen,

or to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto refpe&ively,

59 Geo. III.	N	which

C.52.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

H8

Dudes of Pftckmge, 8tc. to the Corporation of London, &c. continued.

Proriao for Tonnage Dudes of 39 G. 3. c.lxix. and Dudes of 45 G. )> c. ic. •

Proviso for Dudes of 55 G. 3. c.57.

Proviso for

39	8c 40 G. 3. c. 67. and

40	G.3. (I.), m respect to the Importation or Exportation of Goods,

which ftiall have been incurred at any time on or before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

II.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That nothing in this A A (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to repeal or in anywife alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Baillagew Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the laid City for the time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within Great Britain, or any other fpecial Privilege or Exemption to which any Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, within Great Britain, is or are now entitled by Law, but the fame (hall continue as heretofore.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That nothing in this A& contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to alter or repeal or in anywife to aife& any of the Duties on Ships or Veflels according to the Tonnage thereof, granted and impofed by an A& pafled in tne Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeflv, intituled An AS for rendering more commodious and for better regulating the Port of London, or any A& or A&s for amending the fame, or any of tne Duties granted and impofed by an A& pafled in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for making further Provifionfor the more cffcSual Performance of Quarantine, or any A& or A&s for amending the fame.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That nothing in this A& contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to alter or repeal any of the Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported, or any of the Duties on Ships or Veflels according to the Tonnage thereof, granted and-impofed by an A& pafled in tne Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to repeal the Provifions of former ASs granting exclujive Privileges of Trade to the South Sea Company, and to indemnify the faid Company for the Lofs of fuch Privileges, or to alter or repeal any of the Provifions of the faid recited A&, or of any A& or A&s for amending the fame.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed. That nothing in this A& contained {hall extend or be conftrued to extend to repeal or alter any of the Provifions contained in Two A&s for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, the one made in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His prefent Majefty* 8 Reign, and the other made in the Parliament of Ireland, m the Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty*8 Reign, or in any other A£t or A&s in force on or immediately before the faid Fifth I)ay of July One thoufand eight hundred ana nineteen, by which any Goods, Wares or Merchandife, the Growth, Produce of Manufa&ure of Ireland\ imported into Great Britain from Ireland\ or any Goods, Wares or Merchandife, the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ure of Great Britain, exported from Great Britain to Ireland\ are refpe&ively made liable to or are charged with or exempted from any Duties of Cuftoms, whether Countervailing or others, or by which any Drawbacks are allowed or given on the Exportation of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandife.

4 VI. And Whereas it is neceffary that other Duties of Cuftoms • (hould be granted to Your Majefty in lieu of the Duties repealed 4 by this A& 5 we, Your Majefty's moft dutiful and loyal Subje&s, 4 the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and IrAanei*

4 in

A.D. 1*18.

5D° GEO. lit

0.62.

1T9

‘ in Parliament affembled, have therefore given and granted to Your

*	Majefty the feveralDuties of Cuftoms hereinafter mentioned, and

*	do humbly befecch Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed,* and be it therefore ena&ed, That from ana after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, in lieu and inftead of the Subfidies and Duties of Cuftoms hereby made to ceafe and determine, there (hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed and paid unto His Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, in ready Money, (except as hereinafter is provided,) without any Difcount whatever, upon Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported or brought into Great Britain, the feveral Duties of Cuftoms as the fame are refpe&ively inferted, described and fet forth in Figures in the Tables to this Ad annexed, marked A. and B., and upon Goods, Wares and Merchandife exported from Great Britain, the feveral Duties of Cuftoms as the fame are refpeftively inferted, deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the Table to this A& annexed marked C., and upon Goods, Wares and Merchandife brought or carried Coaftwife from one Port or Place in Great Britain, to any other Port or Place within Great Britain, the feveral Duties of Cuftoms as the fame are refpe&ively inferted, deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the Table to this Aft annexed marked D.; and upon Ships or Veffels, according to the Tonnage thereof, entering Inwards or Outwards in any Port of Great Britain from or to Foreign Parts, the feveral Duties of Cuftoms as the fame are refpe&ively inferted, deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed marked E.; and that there (hall alfo be paid or allowed the feveral Drawbacks of the feveral Duties of Cuftoms as the fame are alfo refpe&ively inferted, deferibed and fet forth in Figures in the faid Tables A. B. and D.; any Law, Cuftom or Uiage to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That fuch of the Duties and Drawbacks of Cuftoms by this A A impofed, as (hall arife in England, (hall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms is England for the time being; and fuch thereof as (hall arife in Scotland, (hall be under the Management of the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms in Scotland for the time being.

1 VIII. And Whereas by the hereinbefore recited Ads for the

*	Union of Great Britain and Ireland, it was among other things 1 provided and ena&ed, that all Duty charged on the Import of

*	Foreign or Colonial Goods into either Country, (hould on their

*	Export to the other be drawn back, or the Amount, if any were ■ retained, (hould be placed to the Credit of the Country to which

*	they (hould be exported, fo long as the Expenditure of the United

*	Kingdom (hould be defrayed by proportional Contributions : And

*	Whereas by an Ad made in the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent ‘ Majefty*s Reign, intituled An A3 to unite and consolidate into One

*	Fund all the Public Revenues of Great" Britain and Ireland, and to i provide for the Application thereof to the general Service of the United

*	Kingdom, it is enaded, that from and after the Fifth Day of

*	January One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, all Rates,

1 Duties, Taxes, Receipts, Sums of Money and Revenues, of what 1 Nature or Kind foever, which (hall or may conftitute or form

*	Part of or be direded to be carried to the feveral Funds called ‘ the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and the Consolidated

*	Fund of Ireland refpedively, (hall be carried to, and (hall be and

N 2	*	become,

r

The Duties specified in the Tables annexed to be levied, and the Drawbacks therein inserted allowed, in lieu of those repealed.

Duties to be under the Commissioners of Customs.

39 & 40 G. 3-c.6;. Article 6.

56 G. 3. c. 98.

180

C.B2.

58° GEO. III.

.A.D.1819

4 become, and (hall form and conftitute One General Fund, to be 4 called The Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great 4 Britain	and Ireland: and that the laid Consolidated Fund of the

4 United	Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, after Payment and

4 Satisfaction of certain Charges in the faid laft recited Aft mentioned, 4 (hall be indiscriminately applied to the Service of the United 4 Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Part thereof, as (hall 4 be mrefted by Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient to con-4 tinue the Payment of Drawbacks on the Export of Foreign and 4 Colonial Goods from Great Britain to IrelandBe it therefore A Drawback of enafted, That from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand Import Dudes eight hundred* and nineteen, all Duties of Cuftoms and Excifc or cSonui	charged	and paid on the Importation into Great Britain of any

Goods exported Foreign	or Colonial Goods, Wares o$ Merchandife, (hall, on the

from Great Exportation from Great Britain to Ireland of fuch Goods, Warei Britain to Ire- and Merchandife, be drawn back, and paid and allowed to the Exporters of fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandife, under and fubjeft to all fuch Rules, Regulations and Reftriftions, as are required by any Aft or Afts in force in Great Britain immediately before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

4 IX. And Whereas Duties of Cuftoms are by this Aft impofed 4 on certain Foreign Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported into 4 Great Britain, direftly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, and higher Duties of Cuftoms are impofed on the like Goods,

land allowed.

Foreign Goods imported into Great Britain from Ireland, to pay the same

Duty as if they 4 Wares and Merchandife if imported not direftly from the Place of had been im- « their Growth or Produce; and it is expedient that the like Duties

ported direct from Foreign Ports.

Regulations for ascertain' ing whether such Goods were first imported directly into Ireland from Place of Growth.

(hould be paid on all fuch Foreign Goods imported into Great 4 Britain from Ireland, as if fuch Foreign Goods nad been imported * from Foreign Parts ;* Be it therefore enafted. That on the Importation of any fuch Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandife into Great Britain from Ireland, fuch Import Duty of Cuftoms (hall be paid and payable as if fuch Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandife had been imported from Foreign Parts, either direftly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not direftly from fuch Place, according as they were in faft at firft fo imported from Foreign Parts into Ireland; and that for the purpofe of ascertaining whether any fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandife were firft imported into Ireland direftly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not direftly from fuch Place, it (hall be fpecified and fet forth in every Cocket or Clearance of any fuch Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandife exported from Ireland to Great Britain, whether fuch G09CU, Wares or Merchandife were firft imported direftly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not direftly from fuch Place, and the Import Duty of Cuftoms on fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandife (hall be payable accordingly on fuch Goods when imported into Great Britain from Ireland; and if it (hall not be* expreffed and fet forth in fuch Cocket or Clearance of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandife, whether the fyme were fo firft imported into Ireland directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not direftly from fuch Place, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandife (hall be and be deemed liable to fuch Duties of Cuftoms on theii Importation into Great Britain from Ireland, as if the fame had beet imported from Foreign Parts, not direftly from the Place of thei

GrowtJ

59° GEO. IIL

181

A.B.1818.

C. 5f.

Growth or Produce ; any thing in any Aft or Aft* to the contrary Dotwfthftanduig.

X. And be it further enafted, That the Duties impofed by this A ft upon the Importation of Sugar, inferted, defcribed and fet forth in the Tablet hereto annexed, marked A. and B., (hall continue and be in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and no longer ; and that the faid Duties (hall be appropriated, applied and accounted for, according to the Provifions of an Aft made in this prefent Seflion of Parliament, intituled An AS for continuing to His Majeffy certain Duties on Malty Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain, and on Penjions, Offices and Perfoncd Efates, in England ; for the Service of the Tear One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen; and that a feparate Account of fuch Duties (hall be kept at the Cuftom Houfes in Great Britain, diftinft and apart from all other Duties of Cuftoms, and the fame (hall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain, purfuant to the Provifions of the faid laft recited Aft with relation to the Duties on Sura- fo continued by the faid A ft.

XL And be it further enafted. That the Duties impofed by this Aft upon the Importation of Buck Wheat, inferted, deferibed and fet forth in the Table marked A. to this Aft annexed, (hall continue and be in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, and no longer.

XII. And be it further enafted, That the Duty of Six Shillings and Three pence, fpecified in the Table markea A. ta this Aft annexed, on every One hundred Pounds Weight of Cotton Wool, not being the Produce of and direftly imported from any Briti/B Colony or Plantation in America, (hall continue and be in force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty two, and no longer ; and that all Cotton Wool, and Wafte of Cotton Wool, being the Produce of, but not imported direftly from my Briti/h Colony or Plantation in America, and all Cotton Wool and Wafte of Cotton Wool, the Produce of any other Country or Place which (hall be fo imported on or before the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, (hall be fubjeft and liable to the Duties upon evefy One hundred Pounds Weight thereof mentioned, fpecified and fet forth in the Tables marked A. and B. to this. Aft annexed; and that all fuch Cotton Wool, and Wafte of Cotton Wool, which (hall be fo imported from and after the faid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, (hall be fubieft to the Duties in refpeft of the Value thereof, mentioned, fpecified and fet forth in the faid Tables marked A. and B.: Provided always, that upon all Cotton Wool, or Wafte of Cotton Wool, which (hall have been or (hall be fecured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty at any time previous to the faid Fifth Day of January Qne thoufand eight hundred and twenty, the Duty of Eight Shillings and Seven pence for every One hundred Pounds Weight thereof (hall be charged and paid at any time, as well after as before the faid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, when fuch Cotton Wool (hall be taken out of Warehoufe far Home Confumptiou.

XIII. And be it further enafted, That the Duties impofed by this Aft, and fpecified, mentioned, and fet forth in Table D. to this Aft annexed, upon Coals or Culm brought or carried Coaftwife to

N 3	any

Duties on Sugar to continue till March *5,1810, and be applied agreeably to c. 3. ante..

Duties en Buck Wheat to continue till March %St 18*1.

Continuance of Duty of 6s. 3d. per Cwt. of Cotton Wool, dec.

Cotton Wool to pay Duties in Tables A and B.

Cotton Wool secured in Warehouse previous to Jan. 5, 1810, to pay a Duty of 8s. jd. per Cwt

Regulations as to Duties on Coals or Culm, specified in Table D.

C. St

59* GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

I8S

Treasury may suspend Payment of certain Parts of Duty on Sugar, according to the Average Prices published in Gasette.

Regulations as to the Suspension of the Payment of certain Parts of

Duty on East India Sugar.

any Port or Place within the Principality of Wales, (hall continue in force until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and no longer ; and that from and after the faid Firft Day of Augujl One thouland eight hundred and twenty, Coals or Culm brought or carried Coaftwife to any Port or Place within the faid Principality, (hall be fubje£t and liable to fuch and the like Duties as Coals or Culm brought or carried Coaftwife into any Port or Place in England, except the Port of London, are fubjeft and liable^ to under this A61, and the faid Table D. thereto annexed, or (hall or may be fubjedt or liable to under any A6t or A6b in force immediately before the faid Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever it (hall appear by Notices in the London Gazette, in manner dire&ed by Law, that the Average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar of the.Britifb Plantations, (ascertained and taken in manner prescribed by Law in Great Britain,) for any Period required by Law, fhall be below Forty nine Shillings the Hundred Weight, then and in fuch Cafe it (hall be Lawful for the Lord High Treafurer, or the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s

. Treafury, or any Three of them for the time being, and they are hereby authorifed to fufpend, until a new Average (hall be publiflied in the faid Gazette according to Law, the Payment of One Shilling in the Hundred Weight, Part of the Duty on Brown or Mufcovado Sugar of the BritifhPlantations granted by this A&, and the Table marked A. thereto annexed ; and the like Sum of One Shilling in the Hundred Weight, Part of the Duty of Two Pounds per Hundred Weight on Sugar of the Growth or Produce of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to tne Eafl Indies, granted by this A6fc, and the ' Table marked B. thereto annexed; ana if fuch Average Price (hall be below Forty eight Shillings, then Two Shillings of the faid Duties refpe&ively ; and if fuch Average Price (hall be below Forty feven Shillings, then Three Shillings of fuch Duties refpe&ively ; and to continue fuch Sufpenfion from time to time, if the Cafe (hall fo require, according to the Averages publi(hed as aforefaid.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever it (hall appear by Notices publifhed in the London Gazette in manner dire&ed by Law, that the Average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar of the Briti/b Plantations (alcertained and taken in manner prefcribed by Law m Great Britain), for any Period required by Law, (hall exceed Sixty Shillings the Hundredweight, then and in fuch Cafe, One Shilling in the Hundred Weight, Part of the Duty of Two Pounds per Hundred Weight on Eafl India Sugar impofed by Table B. annexed to this A&, (hall be fufpended until a Notice of a new Average Price of fuch Brown or Mufcovado Sugar (hall be publifhed in manner aforefaid ; and if fuch Average Price (hall exceed the Sum of Sixty one Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Two Shillings in the Hundred Weight, Part of the faid Duty on Eafl India Sugar, (hall be fo fufpended ; and in like manner it fuch Average Price of fuch Brown or Mufcovado Sugar (hall exceed Sixty two Shillings the Hundred. Weight, then Three Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the faid Duty on Eafl India Sugar (hall be fo fufpended; if fuch Average Price of fuch Brown or Mufcovado Sugar (hall exceed Sixty three* Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Four Shillings in the Hundred^

Weight:

A.D. 1819.

S9° GEO. IIL

0* 52(

183

Weight of the (aid Doty on Eqfi India Sugar (hall be fo fufpended ; if fnch Average Price of fuch Brown or Mufcovado Sugar (hall exceed Sixty four Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Five Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the faid Duty on Eqfi India Sugar fhall be fo fufpended; if fuch Average Price or fuch Brown or Mufcovado Sugar fhall exceed Sixty five Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Six Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the faid Duty on Eafi India Sugar (hall be fo fufpended; if fuch Average Price of fuch Brown or Mufcovado Sugar (hall exceed Sixty fix Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Seven Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the faid Duty on Eqfi India Sugar (hall be fo fufpended ; if fuch Average Price of fuch Brown or Mufcovado Sugar (hall exceed Sixty feven Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Eight Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the (aid Duty on Eafi India Sugar (hall be fo fufpended ; if fuch Average Price of fuch Brown or Mufcovado Sugar (hall exceed Sixty eight Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Nine Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the faid Duty on Eafi India Sugar (hall be fo fufpended ; and if fuch Average Price of fuch Brown or Mufcovado Sugar (hall exceed Sixty nine Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Ten Shillings in the Hundred Weight, Part of the faid Duty on Eafi India Sugar, (hall be fo fufpended.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing in this Ad, or any of the Tables thereto annexed, mentioned, fpecified or contained, mall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to permit or allow any Goods, Wares or Merchandise whatever, to be imported into or exported from Great Britain in any Way or Manner contrary to any Ad or A^s in force in Great Britain on or immediately before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, except only fo far as any fuch Ad or Ads is exprefsly altered by this Ad, or in Cafes exprefsly provided for by this Ad ; any Duty, Claufe, Matter or Thing in this Ad, or any of the Tables thereto annexed, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

* XVII. And Wnereas by the faid firft hereinbefore recited Ad

*	of the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, it is 4 among other things enaded, that from and after the Termination

*	of the War by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it 4 (hall and may be lawful for the United Company of Merchants of 4 England trading to the Eqfi Indies to expofe to Sale, either for the 4 purpofe of being worn or ufed in Great Britain, or for Exportation, 4 any Silk Handkerchiefs of the Manufadure of Perjia, China or the 4 Eafi Indies, that fhall have been or may thereafter be fecured in the 4 Warehoufes of the faid United Company, fubied neverthelefs to the 4 Duties by the faid Ad impofed, or which might thereafter be 4 impofed thereon ; and that all fuch Silk Handkerchiefs on which 4 fuch Duties (hall have been duly paid, (hall and may be worn or 4 ufed in Great Britain, or fold or expofed to Sale therein, and (hall 1 not be fubjed to Seizure or Forfeiture, nor' (hall the Perfon or 4 Perfons who (hall wear or ufe the fame, or who (hall fell or expofe 4 to Sale the fame, or have the fame in his, her or their Cuftody or 4 Poffeflion, be liable to any Penalty or Penalties, or Fine or Fines a whatever, on account thereof; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the 4 contrary notwithftanding: And Whereas by an Ad made in the 4 Fifty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to 4 repeal the Dudet payable on, and the Permjfion to enter for Home Con-

N *	4	ftmption

Act not 16 allow Goods to be imported or exported contrary to any Act in force, unless provided for by this Act

49 G.3. c.,*. §»3*

S3 G'J*

C. 52.

59® GEO. 1IL

A.D. 1819.

Silk Hand-kerchiefs of the East Indies prohibited from being sold or worn in Great Britain*

Penalty.

Doty on Santa Mana Wood from Honduras not payable till March a$, i8ao:

Nor on Teake Wood of Africa fit for Naval Purposes, till that Time.

Foreign Goods exported liable to Duty on Re-

Goods may be warehoused, and Duties secured under the usual Re-

4 fumption Silk Handkerchiefs imported into Great Britain by the Eaft 4 India Company, the Duties payable on fuch Handkerchiefs are 4 repealed; but the faid hereinbefore recited Permiffion, in the laid * recited Aft of the Forty ninth Year aforefaid is not noticed in the 4 (aid recited Aft of the rifty fifth Year, and it is expedient that the 4 faid Provifion fhould be repealed, as far as relates to the expofing 4 fuch Silk Handkerchiefs to Sale for the purpofe of being ufed or 4 worn in Great Britain, or to the ufing or wearing the fame in Great 4 BritainBe it enafted, That from and after the paffing of this A61, it (hall not be lawful for the faid Company, or for any Perfon or Perfons, to expofe any fuch Silk Handkercniefs to Sale for the

Kfe of being ufed or worn in Great Britain, and it (hall not be 1 for the fame to be ufed or worn in Great Britain, or to be fold or expofed to Sale therein, but the fame (hall be fubjeft to Seizure and Forfeiture, and the Perfon or Perfons who (hall wear or ufe the fame, or who (hall fell or expofe the fame to Sale, or (hall have the fame in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofieffion, (hall be liable to fuch Penalties and Fines as if the faid Provifion in the faid recited Aft of the Forty ninth Year had never been had or made; any thing in the faid recited A A or in any other Aft or Afts to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XVIII. And be it further enafted, That from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, no Duty of Cuftoms (hall be charged or payable upon Santa Maria Wood fit for Naval Purpofes, imported into Great Britain from the Bay of Honduras^ in Britifb built Veflels, owned, navigated and regiftered according to Law; any thing in this Aft, or any of the Tables thereto annexed, to the contrary notwithftanding: Provided that fuch Wood (hall be regularly entered and landed under the Care of the proper Officers of the Cuftoms.

XIX. And be it further enafted, That from and after the faid Fifth Dayof July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and until the Twenty fifth. Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, no Duty of Cuftoms (hall be charged or payable upon the Importation into Great Britain of any Teake Wood fit for Naval Purpofes, of the Growth or Produftion of any Britj/h Colony, Plantation, Territory or Pofieffion in Africa ; provided that due Entry be made thereof, and that fuch Wood be landed in the Prefence of the proper Officer at the Port of Importation.

4 XX. And Whereas Doubts have arifen whether Foreign Goods, 4 Wares and Merchandife, which have been regularly imported into 4 Great Britain, and afterwards exported from thence, are, upon 4 Reimportation, fubjeft to the Duties of Cuftoms Be it therefore declared and enafted. That all fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandife, fo reimported into Great Britain, (haU be fubjeft and liable to all fuch Duties of Cuftoms as are by this Aft granted upon Importation o£ fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandife.

XXI. And be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to compel the Proprietor or Proprietors of Goods, Wares or Merchandife, to pay the Duties upon the Importation or Landing thereof in Great Britain, in any Cafe wiere fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandife might on or immediately . before the faid Fifth. Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and

nine-

AJD.181&

59° GEO. III.

< C. 52,

185

nineteen, have been waretaufied or otherwife fecured without Payment of Duty; or in any Cafe where the Whole or any Part of the Duties on fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandise, are permitted to be fecured by Bond or otherwife, under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament is force in Great Britain on and immediately before thefaid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen; but that in all foch Cafes the Duties Specified in the Tables to this Ad annexed, marked A. and fi., mar be fecured by Bond or otherwife, in Such Manner and under Such Rules, Regulations, Reftridions and Condition!, as are contained in any Such Ad or Ads, except where it is otherwife provided by this Ad: Provided always, that in cafe the Importer or Proprietor of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, which (hall have been lodged in Warehoufes or otherwife Secured by virtue of any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately before the (aid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and on which 'the Duties due on the Importation thereof (hall not have been paid, (hall be defirous of taking any Such Goods out of fuch Warehoufe, or from any Place wherein the Same (hall be Secured, for the purpofe of being ufed or confumed in Great Britain; then and in Such Cafe the Ijuties impofed by this Ad (hall be payable thereon, notwithfbmding Such Goods may have been importea and warehouSed before the Said Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight handled and nineteen, except where it is otherwife provided by tins A&.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe the Importer or Proprietor of any Cotton Wool, or Wafte of Cotton Wool, the Produce of any Briti/b Colony or Plantation in America, not being imported diredly from thence, or of any Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool, the Produce of any other Country or Place, which (hail have been fecured in Warehoufes at any time on or before the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and on which the Duties (hall not have been fully paid on or before the laid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, Hull be defirous of taking any fuch Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool out of fuch Warenoufe after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, for the purpofe of being ufed or confumed in Great Britain, then and in Such Cafe the Duties impofed by this Ad, and the Tables A. and B. thereto annexed, on Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool, according to the Value thereof, Shall be payable and paid on fuch Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool lb taken out of Warehoufe, notwithftanding fuch Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool may have been imported and warehouSed on or before the laid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded. That it Shall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms in England and Scotland refpe&hrely, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three of them, upon Proof to the Satisfadion of the laid Commiffioners of the Cuftoms, that Orders were given for the Purchafe of any Sheep’s Wool or Lamb’s Wool at any time before the paffing of this Ad, and that fuch Sheep’s Wool or Lamb’s Wool (hall be imported into Great Britain at any time after the paffing of this Ad, to admit fuch Sheep’s Wool or Lamb’s Wool to Entry upon Payment of the Duty

of

On taking Good* out of Warehouse, Duty to bo pmd.

Cotton Wool secured in Warehouse before Jan. S*

18 ao, and taken out for Home Consumption, after that Day the Duties rifled in Tables A.and B.

■hall be paid.

Sheep's Wod or Lamb's Wool, on Proof that Orders were given for Purchasfe, may be admitted to Entry on Payment ofa Duty of id.per lb.

^ i

- 186

C. 52.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819,

Proviso for Regulations of 43 O.3. c. 132. and 45 G. 3. c. 87- for the warehousing and securing of Goods, &c.

Proviso as to Delivery of certain Goods < from Warehouse.

''Winein Bottles may be imported from Jersey, &c. and Ireland, in Packages of Six Dozen.

Proviso for Navigation Laws.

• of One Penny, per Pound only j and fuch Sheep’s Wool or Lamb’s Wool fo imported in purfuance of any fuch Orders, (hall be fubjeft and liable to the faid Duty of One Penny per Pound, and no more, on Importation into Great Britain; any tiling in this A61, or the Tables thereto annexed, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIV.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to alter or repeal any of the Rules, Regulations or Provifions contained in an Aft made in the Forty third Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 for permitting certain Gooch imported into Great Britain to be fecured in Warehoufe without Payment of Duty ; or in an Aft made in the Forty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to autborife the Lords Commiffioners of His Majejly’s Treafury to permit certain Articles to he warehoufed in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving Security for the Payment of the Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned; or in any other Aft or Afts relating to the warehoufmg, fecurihg or Removal of any fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandife, in force in Great Britain immediately before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen; but that all fuch Rules, Regulations and rrovifions (hall be applied and put in execution for the warehoufing and fecuring of Goods, Wares and Merchandife fpecified in the Table marked F. to this Aft annexed, and fubjeft to any Duties under this Aft, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in this Aft, (except fo far as the fame are altered by this Aft) : Provided neverthelefs, that nothing herein contained (hau extend or be conftrued to extend to permit any Goods, Wares or Merchandife to be delivered from any Warehoufe or Place for the purpofe of being ufed or confumed in Great Britain, unlefs fuch Goods could have been lawfully fo delivered, to be ufed or confumed in Great Britain, before the (aid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, it (hall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain from the I (lands of Jerfeyf Guemfey or Alderney, and alfo from Ireland, any Wine whatever in Bottles or Fla(ks, as well for Sale as for private Ufe, in Packages, each of which (hall contain at the leaft Six Dozen reputed Quart Bottles or Flafks, on Payment of the feveral and refpeftive Duties, as well of Cuftoms as Excife, due and payable on the Importation of fuch Wines into Great Britain; provided that fuch Wines (hall be imported in Briti/h or Irijh built Ships or Veffele, owned, navigated and regiftered according to Law, and in fuch manner, ana under the like Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Reftriftions, and (hall be fubjeft and liable to the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided and in force in relation to the Importation of French Wines in Bottles or Flaflcs imported into Great Britain*

Wine in Bottles XXVI. And be it further enafted, That from and after the Fifth nmy be import- Day cf ju[y One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, it (hall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain from any Parts within *he Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Mer-E. I/G. chants of England trading to the Eqfl Indies, any Wine whatever in Bottles, on Payment of the feveral and refpeftive Duties, as well of

Cuftoms

AJ). 1819.

59° GEO. 111.

C.5f.

Cuftana as Exdfe, due and payable on the Importation of fuch Wines into Great Britain: Provided always, that the Importer of fuch Wine, or his known Agent or Fa&or, (hall make a Declaration before the Officer of the Cuftoms at the Port of Importation, dating the Nature and Quantity of fuch Wine, and that the fame is for private Ufe and not intended to be fold, and that fuch Wine (hall be regularly entered and landed under the Care of the proper Officer of the Cuftoms.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms in England\ or any Four or more of them, and for the Commiffioners of Cuftoms in Scotland, or any Three or more of them for the time being re-fpe&ively, to repay or allow to the Importers, Owners, Proprietors or Confignees of any Foreign Spirits, Wine or other Liquors which (hall be loft by accidental Staving on (hipboard, or in the un(hipping thereof before the landing thereof, the Duties of Cuftoms which (hall'have become payable or (hall have been paid for or in refped tf fuch Spirits, Wine or other Liquors, and to remit the Duties of Cuftoms, and to cancel and vacate the Cuftoms Bond for or in refped of all fuch Spirits, Wine and other Liquors for which no fuch Duties (hall have been paid, but for which Security (hall have been given by Bond taken for or in refped of the warehoufing thereof, before Payment of the Duties, under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force in Great Britain for permitting Goods imported to be warehoufed or fecured without Payment of Duty, and which (hall be fo loft by Inch accidental Staving: Provided always nevertheless, that no fuch Allowance or Repayment (hall be made, nor any fuch Duty be remitted, nor any fuch Bond or any Part thereof be cancelled or vacated, unlcfs Proof (hall be made to the Satisfaction of the faid rcfpe&ive Commiffioners, that fuch Spirits, Wine or other Liquors were loft by fuch accidental Staving, and not from any Want of due Care or Precaution on the Part of the Importer, Owner, Proprietor or Confignee thereof, or his, her or their Agent: Provided alfo, that every fuch Bond (hall be and remain in full Force and Effed u to all the Spirits, Wine or other Liquors to which the fame (hall relate, and which (hall not be fo proved to have been loft by fuch accidental Staving, and for or in refped whereof the Duties of Cuftoms (hall not be fo remitted; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That the Duties granted and impofed by this Ad, and made payable according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, Meafure or Value of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise charged with fuch Duties, (hall be charged and payable upon any greater or lefs Weight, Number, Quantity or Value thereof than the Weight, Number, Quantity or Value particularly alerted, defcribed and fet forth in any of the Tables hereunto annexed, in proportion to the adual Weight, Number, Quantity or Value of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandife.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That in all Cafes where by the Tables marked A. and C. to this Ad annexed, the Duties of Cuftoms impofed upon the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandife are charged, not according to the We^ht,

1*7

Declaration.

Owner* of Foreign Spirit* and Wine* lost

from staving or in the un-

shipping may have the Duty remitted, &c*~

But Proof to be made of Particular* of Los*.

Where no Proof, Bond to remain in force.

How Duties payable according to Weight, &c. charged.

The Value of Goodsat Port of Importation^ &c. to be the Rule for charging Duty.

C. 52.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

If Goods not valued as herein mentioned, they may be detained, &c.

How the Value of Cotton Woo^ &c. imported by other Ptnou than the £• I. C., but sold at their Sales, shall be ascertained in charging the Duty.

How Value of Goods Bold at the E. I. C.*s Sales, ascertained.

Tale, Gauge or Mcafure, but according*to the Value thereof, fuch Value (hall be taken and conftdered as the fame (hall be at the Port of Importation or Exportation in Great Britain, without any Abatement or Deduftion whatever, except of fo much aB the Duties payable on the Importation or Exportation thereof (hall amount to; and that fuch Value (hall be ascertained by the Declaration of the Importer, Exporter or Proprietor of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandise fo imported or exported, or of his known Agent or Faftor, in fuch Manner and Form, and under all fuch Rules, Regulations and Provi-(ions with refpeft to fuch Declaration, and fubjeft to all fuch Forfeitures -and Penalties, as are prefcribed, direfted and impofed for ascertaining and collecting Duties to be paid according to the Value thereof, by any Aft or Afts in force in Great Britain immediately before the Said Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen; and in cafe fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandise (hall not be valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, and of the Several Aa» in force in Great Britain, then it (hall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms to caufe the fame to be detained, and the faid Goods, Wares or Merchandise (hall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Cuftoms (hall proceed in every refpeft in the manner prefcribed in fuch Cafe by the faid Several Afts respectively.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That in the Cafe of Cotton Wool and the Wafte of Cotton Wool, the Growth, Produce or Manufafture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eq/l Indies, the Duties whereon are payable according to the Value thereof, and which hath been or (hall be imported by Perfons other than the Eajl India Company, and which (hall be fold at any Sale made by the faid Company, fuch Value (hall be ascertained in like Manner and Form, and under all fuch Rules, Regulations and Provifions, as are prefcribed, direfted and impofed for the ascertaining the Value of any other Goods, Wares or Merchandife fold at fuch Sale; and in the Cafe of any fuch Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool not fold at any Sale made by the faid Company, the Value thereof (hall be afcertained in fuch Manner and Form, and under all fuch Rules, Regulations and Provifions, and fubjeft to fuch Forfeitures and Penalties, as are prefcribed, direfted and impofed for the afcertaining the Value of any Goods, Wares and Merchandife contained ip Schedules A. and C. to this Aft annexed, under any Aft or Afts in force for the afcertaining of fuch Value refpeftively.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, That in all Cafes where by the Table marked B. to this Aft annexed, the Duties of Cuftoms impofed on the Importation of any Goods, Wares and Merchandife enumerated in the laid Table, are charged according to the grofs Price at which fuch Goods (hall be fold at the Sales of the Eajt India Company, or according to the Value thereof, fuch Price or Value refpeftively (hall-be afcertained in fuch Manner and Form, and under all fuch Rules, Regulations and Provifions, and fubjeft to fuch Forfeitures and Penalties, as are prefcribed, direfted and impofed for afcertaining the Price or Value of fuch Goods by any Aft or

Afts

A.D.181#.

£9° GEO. IIL

C. St.

189

Afts in force immediately before the (aid Fifth Day of Jnfy One thodand eight hundred and nineteen, as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in this Aft.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That in eftimatmg ia valuing

the Value of Britijb made Salt exported from Great Britain, it (hall British Salt tx-

and may be lawful for the Exporter or Proprietor, or his known

Agent or Faftor, to deduft fo much Money from the Value	of	d»IucLid

fuch Salt as (hall be equal to the	Amount of the	Duty of Excife	frrm Valuer

paid thereon at the time of the Entry of fuch Salt for the purpofe of

being exported, and the Value fo afcertained (hall be deemed and

taken to be the true and real Value of fuch Salt at the Port of

Exportation; any thing in this Aft, or any other Aft or Afts to the

contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted. That all Rules, Regulations, Regulations Conditions and Reftriftions, made, eftablifhed or direfted for the re-

mitting or allowing of any Deduftion of any Duties on account of Cua^M nowln Damage or otherwife, or for the	better fecuring	the Revenue	of	fore*, appUsd

Cuftoms in Great Britain, or for	regulating the	Importation	or	to thb Act.

Exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandife into or from Gnat Britain, or the bringing or carrying any Goods, Wares or Merchandife Coaftwife, or from Port to Port within Great Britain, or the entering, landing or (hipping of any Goods, Wares or Merchandife whatever in Great Britain, and all Provifions, Claufes,

Matters and Things relating thereto, contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in' Great Britain immediately before the palling of this Aft, (hall be and the fame are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effeft, and (hall be applied to the Subjeft of this Aft, and for carrying the fame into execution, as fully and efleftuafly to all Intents and Purpofes, as if all fuch Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Reftriftions, Provifions, Claufes, Matters and Things were repeated and re-enafted in this prefent Aft, except only fo far as the fame are repealed or altered, or otherwife provided for by this Aft.

XXXIV.	And be^ it further enafted. That no Allowance or Ho Allowance Abatement (hall at any time be made out of or from the Duties by for Damagoof this Aft, and the Tables thereto annexed, impofed upon any Currants, Currants, He. Figs or Ratlins, for or on account or in refpeft of any Damage

which fuch Currants, Figs or Raifins may have fuftained in any Voyage or otherwife; any Law, Cfuftom or Ufage to the contrary ia

*	is it is expedient to prohibit the Importation

* of all Broken Glafs fit only for being remanufaftured ;* Be it therefore enafted. That from and after & faid Fifth Day of July Importing One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, if any' Broken Glafs, nt Broken Ginas only to be remanufaftured, (hall be imported or brought into Great Goods «d Brian, all fuch Broken Glafs, together with the Package or Packages in which the fame fhall be found, fhall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Cuftoms or Excife; and that the Perfon or Perfons importing the fame, or aiding Anrfsting; or afifting therein, or in the landing, removing or concealing of any fuch Broken Glafs, or receiving the fame, knowing it to have been fo ' imported or brought, fhall forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Penalty tool. Pounds, to be profecufced, recovered and applied as any other Penalty

or

58"GEO. iil

Chins or Porcelain Ware, &c. to be imported only into certain Ports.

Penalty.

Pish of British taking, &c., maybe imported in British built Ships, & c. without Payment of Duty.

Master to make Oath of taking and curing of such Fish.

Blubber and Oil, &c. of the Fishery of Newfoundland, &c. admitted to Entry on certain Conditions.

Payment of Duty.



A.D. 1811

or Penaltief by any Law or Laws relating to Hia Majefty’s Duties of Cuftoms and Excife.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That no China Ware or Porcelain Ware, nor any Articles, Goods or Wares ornamented with or manufactured wholly or partly of Or Moulu, (hall be imported or. brought into any Port in Great Britain, except at the Ports of London, Plymouth, Brijtol, Liverpool, Hull9 Newcafile, Leith and Greenock, upon pain of Forfeiture of all fuch China Ware, Porcelain Ware, or other Articles, Goods or Wares aforefaid refpe&ively, as (hall be imported or brought into any Port in Great Britain other than fome or one of the Ports hereinbefore enumerated, together with the Chefts, Cafes and other Packages refpe&ively containing fuch Wares refpe&ively ; and all fuch China Wares and other Wares refpe&ively, and the Chefts, Cafes and other Packages refpe&ively containing the fame, (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or Excife.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That Fi(h of every Kind or Sort whatever of Britifb taking and curing, caught or taken in any Part of the Ocean by the Crews of any Ships or VefTels built in Great Britain or Ireland, or the I (lands of Jerfey, Guemfey or Man, or in any of the Colonies, Plantations, I (lands or Territories which now or at the time of building fuch Ships or Veffels did belong, or which may hereafter belong to or be in the Polfeffion of His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeflors, and wholly belonging to and owned by His Majefty’s Subje&s, and navigated and regiftered according to Law, (hall and may be imported into Great Britain in Ships built, owned, navigated and regiftered as aforefaid, without Payment of any Duty of Cuftoms whatever; any thing in this A& or any other A& or A&s to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding: Provided always, that before fuch Fi(h (hall be admitted to Entry, the Mafter or other Perfon having the Command of the Ship or Veffel in which fuch Fi(h (hall be imported, (hall make Oath before the Colle&or or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms at the Port of Importation (who is hereby authorised and required to adminifter fuch Oath), that fuch Fi(h was a&ually caught, taken and cured wholly by His Majefty’s Subje&s.

XXXVIII.	And be it furtner ena&ed. That from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, before any Blubber, Train OH, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins, the Produce of Fi(h or Creatures living in the Sea, imported into Great Britain as being taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Ifland of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majefty’s Subje&s carrying on fuch Fiftiery from that Kland, or as being taken and caught wholly by His Majefty’s Subje&s ufually. redding in any of tne Bahama or Bermuda I (lands, or as being taken ana caught in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the Shores of any Brityh Colony or Plantation in North America, or the Parts adjacent, wholly by His Msyefty’s Subje&s ufually redding in any of the faid Colonies or Plantations, and carrying on fuch Fishery from thence, (hall be admitted to Entry on payment of the

. Duty unpofed on fuch Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins by this A& and the Table marked A. thereto annexed, the Mafter or other Perfon having , or taking the Charge o

Commas

A.D.1S19.

5^ GEO. IIL

CM.

W

Command of the Ship or Veflel in which the hune (hall be hnported, Ihall produce and deliver to the Colle&or or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms at the Port of Importation, a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Governor or Deputy Governor of Newfoundland, or of fuch other Briti/b Colony or Plantation, or of the Colledor or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms of the Port or Place ia Newfoundland^ or in fuch other Briti/b Colony or Plantation where fiich Tram Oil, Blubber, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins (hall have been taken on board, or if no fuch Governor or Deputy* Governor, or Colle&or or other Chief Officer of the Cuftoms (hall be reliding there, then a Certificate (hall be produced under the Hand and Seal of the Naval Officer or other Principal Officer of fnch Port or Place, or of One of His Majefty’s Judices of the Peace for the Diftri&, teftifying that Oath had been made before him (who is hereby authorifed and required to adminider fuch Oath, and to grant fuch Certificate), by the Shipper of fuch Blabber, Train Oil, Spermaceti CM, Head Matter or Whale Fins, that the fame was really and bond fide the Produce of Fifh or Creatures living in the Sea, a&ually caught and taken wholly by His Majefty’s Subjects carrying on fuch Fimery, and ufually redding in the laid Maud of Newfoundland) or in His Majefty’s European Dominions, or by His Majedy’s Subje&s ufually redding in fuch other Britijb Colony or Plantation, and carrying on fuch Fifhery from thence; and the Mader or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or VefTel in which the Blubber or Tram Oil (hall be imported into Great Britain, (hall make oath before the Cofledor or other Chief Officer at the Port of Importation (who is hereby authorifed and required to adminider the fame) that the Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins fo imported, is the fame as mentioned and referred to in the faid Certificate; and the Importer or Importers, Confignee or Confignees of fuch Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins, (hall alfo make oath before the Colle&or or Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Cudoms (who is hereby authorifed and Ranked to adminider fuch Oath), at the time of Entry, that to the ben of his or their Knowledge and Belief the Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins fo imported was actually caught and taken by Briti/b Subjects ufually refiding in the Ifiand of Newfoundland, or in His Majedy’s European Dominions, or by His Majefty’s Subje&s ufually refiding in fuch other Britj/b Colony or Plantation, and carrying on fuch Fifhery from thence; ad on Failure of fuch Certificate being produced, and Proof on O&h as aforefaid being made, fuch Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter and Whale Fins (hall be deemed and taken to be of Foreign Fifhing, and (hall be charged with the Duty impofed by this A&, and the Table marked A. thereto annexed, on fuch Articles of Foreign Fi(hery.

XXXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That the Payment of the fcverai Duties of Cuftoms by this Ad impofed on the Importation of Tnm Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter and Whale Fins, the Produce of Fifh or Creatures living in the Sea taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Ifiand of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majefty’s Subje&s carrying on fuch Fifhery Iran that Ifiand, and alfo the Duties payable on Cranberries, fax

v	Skins*

Certificate of Governor or other Officer that Oath had been made that such Blubber, &c. wes the Produce of Flsb, &c. Bri-. tiah taken.

Oath that Blubber, &c. sp imported Is the same as men- • tioned in Certificate, and British taken. *'

If no Certificate, &c. such Blubber, &c. deemed Foreign taken.

Duties oh Oil, and other Produce of Fish taken-at New* fbundlaud, and on Cranberries, &c. of that Country, not payable till July 5, i*24-

19*

C.5*.

59° OEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Duties of Tables C. and E. impended rip

July 5i 1824.

Proviso for duly entering and landing of such Goods*

Tonnage Du* ties of Table E. on Vessels entering Outwards or Inwards to be paid to the proper Officer under the Regulations herein mentioned.

•4 G. j. & 60.

Skint, Otter Skint, Seal1 Skint, Wolf Skint, Bear Skint, Cat Skim, Beaver Skint, and on Timber, being the Produce of Newfoundland, and imported direftly from thence, at the fame are refpe&ively defcribed and fet forth in Figuret in the Table marked A. annexed to this Ad, (hall be and the fame are hereby fufpended, and the faid Duties (hall not be charged or payable on any fuch Articles fo imported, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty four, inclufive ; and alfo, that the Duty by this Ad impofed on Goods, Wares and Merchandife exported firom Great Britain to the faid I (land of Newfoundland, as defcribed and fet forth in the Table hereunto annexed marked C., and alfo the Tonnage Duties payable on Ships or Veffels entering Inwards or Outwaras from or to the faid Ifland of Newfoundland, in any Port of Great Britain, as fet forth in the Table hereunto annexed marked £., (hall be and the fame are hereby in like manner fufpended, and (hall not refpeftively be charged or payable until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty four, inclufive; any thing in this Aft to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always,, that fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandife (hall be duly entered and landed, and (hall be fubieft in every refpeft to all the Regulations required by Law; and that the fevend Duties hereby fufpended (hall revive and become payable from and after the laid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty four, in fuch and the like manner as if the faid Sufpenfion of Duty had not taken place*

XL. And be it further enafted, That the feveral Duties of Tonnage impofed by this Aft, as defcribed in the Table hereto annexed marked £., on Ships and Veffels entering Outwards or Inwards to or from Foreign Parts, (hall be paid to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms; and that no Officer of the Cuftoms whatsoever, or any Deputy or Clerk of fuch Officer, (hall permit or fuffer any Ship or Veffel to break Bulk, of any Part of her Cargo to be discharged; nor (hall iffue any Order nor grant any Document for the unmip-ping or landing any Goods, Wares or Merchandife' brought or imported by any Ship or Veffel, fubjeft and liable to the Payment of the Duties of Tonnage, until the faid Duties have been fully paid to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms ; or in cafe any Doubt or Difpute (hall anfe as to the true Tonnage thereof, fo tnat a perfect Entry cannot'be paffed, then in every fuch Cafe a fufficient Depofit (hall be made of the faid Duties with fuch Officer as aforefaid, previous to any Document being iffued or granted for the unfhipping or landing any Part of the Cargo of fuch Ship or Veffel fo entering Inwaras as aforefaid; any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary in anyvrife notwithstanding ; and that the faid Duties (hall be paid on every Report Inwards, and on every £ntry Outwards of each and every Ship and Veffel, for each and every Voyage which any fuch Ship or Veflel (hall fo report Inwards or enter Outwards at any Port within Great Britain ; and that the Tonnage of every fuch Ship or Veflel, being Briti/b built or BriBfh owned, (hall be computed and taken according to the Regifter thereof in Great Britain under the Provifioss of an Aft paffed in the Parliament of Great Britton, in the Twenty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled An A& for tit further Increafe and Encouragement of Skipping and Navigation / and that the Tonnage of every other Ship or Veflel, in ode of any Doubt or Difpute relative thereto, (nail be ascertained in Gram

8	Britain

A.D.1819.

59* GEO. III.

C. 52.

193

Briiam by Admeafurement, in the Mode and Manner prefcribed and direded by the faid Aft s Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to alter or repeal any of the Regulations contained in an Aft parted in the Fifty fixth Year of His prefcnt Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for charging certain Duties on Foreign Packets or Paffage Vejfels entering or departing in any cf the Ports of Great Britain ; but that all fuch Regulations (hall be applied to the Duties on fuch Packets or Paffage Veffels mentioned, fpecified and fet forth in the Table to this A61 annexed,' marked E.

XLI. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to charge with the Doty of Tonnage impofed by this Aft, and the Table marked E. thereto annexed, any Ship or Veffel employed in the Fifheries on any Part of the Coaft of Great Britain, and not entering Outwards for Foreign Parts, or any Ship or Veffel employed in bringing Oyfters from Jerfey or Guernfey into any Port in Great Britain, or to charge the faid Tonnage Duty on any Britijh or Irijb built Ship or Veffel owned by Britijh Subje6ts, which is not required to be regiftered by any Aft or A6b of Parliament in force in Great Britain or Ireland relpe&ively, on' or immediately before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, or on any Ship or Veffel whatfoever which fhall enter Outwards or Inwards in Ballaft only ; any thing in this A61, or in the Table marked E. hereto annexed, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

XLII. And be it further enafted, That the Drawbacks granted, allowed and made payable upon Goods, Wares and Merchandife exported from Great Britain under or by virtue pf any Aft or A61s in force in Great Britain immediately before the faid Fifth Day of Jdy One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, (hall remain and continue payable with refpeft to fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandife, which, having paid the Duties impofed on the Importation thereof by any Aft or Afts in force immediately* before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, (hall, after the faid Fifth Day of* July Ohe thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, be exported from Great Britain; and that the feveral and refpe&ive Drawbacks inferted, fpecified and fet forth in the Tables to this Aft annexed, marked A. B. and D., (hall be paid and allowed only on the Exportation of fuch Articles as (hall have paid the Duties impofed thereon by this A61 and the faid Tables thereto annexed.

XLIII. And be it further ena6ted, That froih and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, fuch Drawback as is mentioned, fpecified and fet forth in the Table or Schedule marked B. to this Aft annexed, (hall be allowed in refpe& of Thrown Silk exported from Great Britain, which (hall be thrown in Great Britain from a larger Quantity of Raw Silk imported into Great Britain from any rlace within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafi Indies: Provided'always, that Oath be firft made before the Colk&or of the Cuftoms at the Port of Exportation by the Throwfter of fuch Thrown Silk, that the faid Thrown Silk was produced folely from Raw Silk which had been fo imported into Groat Britain, and for which His Majefty’s Cuftoms and Duties had 59 Gko. III.	O	been

56 6.3. c. 9.

Tonnage Duty not to be charged for certain Vessel*.

Drawbacks to remain for Goods exported' before the passing of this Act.

Drawbacks of Tables A. B. D.

Drawback on

Thrown Silk imported from But Indies.

X

Path of Produce of Thrown*' Silk.

C. 59.

59° GEO. lit

AJX1S19T.

No Drawback allowed on Wine exported, except in Bottle*.

Proviso as to Drawback on wine for the Use of Admi-

rals, Captains, &c. for their

Consumption on board of

Ships.

Drawbacks on refined Brim* stone.

Oath of Produce of such 'Brimstone.

Drawback of

Nine Tenths of Duties on Foreign Brimstone used in Great Britain in making Oil of Vitriol.

been duly paid, and that the fame was duly exported; His MajfcftVk Searcher alfo certifying the (hipping thereof, and all fuch other Re* quifites being duly performed as are necefiary to be done and performed with regard to Raw Silk exported from Great Britain.

XLIV. Ana be it further enacted. That no Drawback of the Duties of Cuftoms or Excise (hall be allowed on any Wine whatever which (hall be exported or (hipped for Exportation from Great Britain after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, other than on Wine in Bottles which (hafi be (hipped in Package* each containing Six Dozen reputed Quart Bottles at the leaft.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to repeal or difeontinue any Drawback of the Duties of Cuftoms on any Sort of Wine intended for the Ufe of Admirals, Captains and other Com-miffioned Officers ferving in any of His Majefty’s Ships of War, or for the Ufe of Commimoned Officers of the Royal Marines, or of Perfons afting as fuch, for their Confumption on board of fuch of His Majefty’s Ships as they (hall ferve in, by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in Great Britain on or immediately before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen: Provided neverthelefs, that all the Conditions, Regulations and Reftric-tions contained in any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in Great Britain immediately before the faid Fifth Day of July Okie thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, relating to any foch Drawbacks of the Duties of Cuftoms on fuch Wine, (hall be duly observed and enforced in relation thereto.

XLVI. And be it further enafted, That from and after the (aid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, fuch Drawback as is mentioned, fpecified and fet forth in the Table or Schedule marked A* to this Aft annexed, (hall be allowed in refpeft of any Brimftone which (hall be refined in Great Britain from a larger Quantity imported rough, and (hall be exported from thence upon Oath being firft made by the Refiner or Refiners thereof, before the Colleftor of the Cuftoms at the Pbrt mi Exportation, that the faid refined Brimftone was produced folely from Brimftone which had been imported into Great Britain unrefined, and for which His Majefty’s Cuftoms and Duties had been duly paid, and that the fame was duly exported; His Majefty’s Searcher alfo certifying the Shipping thereof, and all fuch other Requisites being duly pefrnned as are necefiary to be done and performed with regard to Brimftone unrefined exported from Great Britain•

XLVII* And be it further enafted. That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, a Drawback of Nine Tenths, and no more, of all foch Duties oa Importation an -(hall have been paid on any Foreign Brimftone, (hall be allowed in refpeft of all fuch Foreign Brimftone as at any time after the (aid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, (hall be ufed and con fumed in Great Britain in making and preparing OR of Vitriol; any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament in fore diately before the laid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight ] and nineteen, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanffing; and the Amount of fuch Drawback (hall be ascertained, and paid

A.D.18I9.

39° 0X0. III.

C. 58.

195

abwed to the ManufaCbrers of fuch Oil of Vitriol, muter the Hegdadont and ReftriCbons contained in an A Ct palled in the Ftraeth Year of Hit prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AQ for dtftoatmng the Bounty on Exportation of Oil of Vitriol, and allowing a Drawback of a Proportion of the Duties paid on the Importation tf Foreign Brimjione ufed in making Oil of Vitriol, and under and lab|e& to the hke Penalties upon any Manufacturer of fuch Oil for Mvonur any falfe Accounts in refpeCk of Foreign Brimftone ufed and conlumed in his Manufactory, with intend to defraud His Majefty, as are contained in the £aid ACt of the Fiftieth .Year, and as if the fame were repeated and re-enaCked in this ACt.

XLVIII. And be k further enaCted, That from and after the

Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, for all Coals ufed for any Purpofe relating to the carrying on the Works for the nsmufaCkuring of Tin Plates at Pennygored in the County of Pemkroke9 called the Pennygored Works, for which the Duties granted by this ACt (hall hate been duly paid, a Drawback (hall be allowed of all fuch Dudes, not exceeding the Sum of One thoufand Pounds in any Oae Year: Provided always, that the faid Drawback fhall be paid upon the Proofs and under the Conditions required by an ACt pafled in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, utkuied An AS for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals ufed m carrying on the Pennygored Works, in the County 3^ Pembroke.

XL IX. And be it further enaCked, That from and after the Fifth

Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, for all Coals which fhall be ufed in calcining or fmelting Copper or Lead Ore within the Ifle of Anglefejy or which fhall be ufed in Fire Engines lor draining Walter out of the Mines of Copper and Lead within the find Ifle, tor which the Duties granted by this ACt fhall have been duly paid, a Drawback (hall be allowed of all fuch Duties: Provided always, that the faid Drawback fludl be paid upon the Proofs remaned by an ACt pafled in the Twenty fixth Year of the Reign of H* prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals ufed m fmelting Copper or Lead Oresf and m Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines 9 within the Ifle of Anglefey.

L. And be it further enaCked, That from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, a Drawback «f the whole Duty fpecified in Table D. to this ACt annexed, on Stone the Production of Great Britainy brought Coaftwife from any Port or Place in Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein, fhall be allowed in refpeCk of fuch Stone as at any time after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, fhall be ufed and employed in Great Britain in making Barn Floors; and dot the Amount of fnch Drawback fhall be allowed to the Perfon fay whom fuch Stone was ufed and employed, upon Proof to the Satisfaction of the Commilfioners of the Cuftoms that fuch Duty was paid, and that fuch Stone was £b ufed and employed for fuen Purpofe as afbcefaad.

LL And be it further enaCked, That from and after the Fifth Day of July Owe thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, a Drawback of the Duty fpecified m Table D. to this ACt annexed, on Stone the Pro-daCbou of Great Britain brought Coaftwife from any Port or Place

0 2	in

50 0.3* c.4°*

Drawback for Coals used ot the Pennygored Works.

Under Con. ditions of 35 0-3- c. a*

Drawbad fW Coals used in ■molting Copperor LssdOrs in AngUMjr;

as by *6 O.3. c. 104.

Drawback for Stone used in Great Britain In making Bam Floors; .

to whom allowed *

and for Stone' of G.B. broofte Coastwise, and

used in G. B. for paving Pah.

Uc Streets,

196

C.52.

59° GEO. IIIT

A.D. 1819.

upon Proof and in Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein, fhall be repaid Conditionshert- jn refpeft of filch Stone as at any time after the faid Fifth Day of in mentioned.	Qne	eight hundred and nineteen, fhall be ufed and

employed in Great Britain in paving Streets and Public Ways upon Proof of the aftual Payment of fuch Duty, and under fuch Conditions and Rules, Regulations and Reftriftions, as fhall from time to time be direfted and made by the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, for that Purpofe.

4 LI I. And Whereas by the Consolidation of the different ‘ Branches of the public Revenue, and of the Several Duties payable

*	on the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchan-

*	dife, and the Appropriation thereof as direfted by the Several A&s

*	in force in England, the hereditary and temporary Revenues of the 4 Crown, of Subfidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and of other 4 Duties upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise anfing in England,

4 are not now kept diftinft and Separate at the Several Offices, but 4 have become blended with other Duties of Cuftoms and Tonnage,

4 both in the Colleftion and Appropriation thereof: And Whereas it 4 is expedient that Provifion fhould be made for ascertaining the 4 annual Amount of what fuch hereditary Revenues would have 4 produced in cafe the fame had not been So consolidated, and that an 4 Account fhould hereafter be kept of fuch annual AmountBe it therefore enafted, That from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, the Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, fhaU caufe to be prepared and kept an Account of • what fuch hereditary Revenue anfing in England would have amounted to in cafe the fame had not been, and was not consolidated and collefted with other Duties of Cuftoms and Tonnage in the Colleton and Appropriation thereof, in fuch Manner and Form as fhall appear to the Said Lord High Treafurer, or Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, beft adapted to afcertain fuck Amount; which Account the faid Lord High Treafurer, or Commif-fioners for the time being, are hereby Required to make out or caufe to be made out and laid before Parliament, together with the Public Accounts direfted to be laid before Parliament purfuant to the Provisions of the Several Afts for direfting Public Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament.

LI 11. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this A 6k contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to affeft or alter the Hereditary Revenue of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, in Scotland, or other Revenues there granted to His late Majefty King George the Second during his Life, and referred to His preient Majefty during his Life, by an Aft made in the Firft Year of His prefent Majefty’a Reign, but the fame, and the Civil Eftablifhment payable out of the fame, fhall continue to be paid .in like manner as neretofore; any thing in this Aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding*.

LIV. And be it further enafted, That all the Monies arifing by the Duties hnpofed by this Aft (the neceffary Charges of railing dirtied to Con- accounting for the fame, excepted), frail .from time to time be solidaeed Fund.	*3	paid

An Account of hereditary and temporary Revenues kept distinct from other Branches of Revenue, and laid before Parliament.

Proviso for Hereditary Revenue of Scotland.

Duties paid i*to Exche-

A.D .1819*

39° GEO. III.

C.52,

197

pud into the Receipt of Hi* Majefly’s Exchequer in Great Britain, and (hall be carried to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ except only’ as by this Aft is fpecialnr provided, and (hall be appropriated in like maimer, and to the fame Services as the Duties by this Aft repealed would have been if this A ft had not been pafied.

4 LV. And Whereas in the Confohdation of the Duties of 4 Cuftoms on Goods, Wares and Merchandise under this Ad, fuch 4 Duties are in various Induces increafed Be it therefore enafted,

That of the Monies arifing, or to arife out of fuch Increafe of the Increase of Doties hereby granted, the Sum of Five hundred thoufand Pounds, Duties deemed being the eftimated Produce of fuch Increafe, (hall be deemed u *n Addison Addition made to the Revenue for the purpofe of defraying the increafed Charges occafioned by any Lou to be made, or any Sums to be raifed or applied by virtue of any Aft or Afts patted or to be patted in this prelent Seffion of Parliament.

LVI. Ana be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Cammissioners Commiffioners of Cuftoms in England for the time being, or any Four ^ counu'df or more of them, ud the Commiffioners of Cuftoms in Scotland for Collectors or the time being, or uy Three or more of them, finally to fettle and Receivers, not-clofe the Accounts of uy Colleftors or Receivers of any Part of the withstanding Revenue of Cuftoms, or other Duties under their Management, not- “J erroneous wjtbftanding uy erroneous Application of any Duties of Cuftoms	°f

peedved by fuch Colleftors or Receivers ; and the faid Commif-	* u

fionersare hereby refpeftivefy empowered to correft fuch Application, in order to prevent the Accounts of uy fuch Colleftors or Receivers from being kept open, unfettled ud unliquidated $ ud all fuch Coireftions (hall ud are hereby direfted to be allowed by the Commiffioners for auditing the Public Accounts in Great Britain, in the paffing the general Accounts of Cuftoms, Subfidies or Im-pofidons.

LVII. And be it further enafted, That all Monies arifing from Duties levied any Duties of Cuftoms, or uy Arrears thereof, which (hall be raifed, •Jer July^v, levied, collected, paid or received from ud after the laid Fifth Day	«r	*

of July One thoufud eight hundred ud nineteen, for or on account exported or of any Goods, Wares or Merchudife whatever imported or brought carried Const-into Great Britain or exported from Great Britain, or brought or wise before carried Coaftwife, or from Port to Port within Great Britain, although	,

the Amount of the faid Duties may have been computed ud & manner afcertained as fuch Duties have been ufually computed ud ascertained u the Duties before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufud eight hundred ud by this Act nineteen, ud although the Goods, Wares or Merchudife whereon uv granted, except finch Duties of Cuftoms may have been charged, or may be charged,	ln

may have been imported into or exported From Great Britainx or ct brought or carried Coaftwife, or from Port to Port within Great Britain, before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufud eight hundred and nineteen, ud although any Duties of Cuftoms due ud payable or charged or chargeable thereon, may have been fecured by Bond or otherwise on or before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufud right hundred ud nineteen, (hall, from and after the faid Fifth 1% of July One thoufud eight hundred fend nineteen, be appropriated ud applied in like manner ud to the, fame Purpofes as the Duties of Cuftoms by this Aft granted are direfte *

‘ O 3

198

C. 62.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Duties to be levied and paid as former Duties and Drawbacks, unless hereby altered.

propriated and applied, except as is in this Aft provided ; any Aft or Afts of Parliament, Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding ; and that all Monies arifing by any of the Revenues of Cuftoms hereafter to be paid or allowed, either upon Bond or otherwife, either by way of Drawback, Bounty, Certificate, Premium | or Allowance, or by any other legal Document whatever, from and I after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, although the Amount of the fame (hall have been computed and ascertained in like manner in which they'have heretofore been ufually computed and ascertained, or (hall nave become due before the laid Fifth Day of Jttly One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, (hall and may be paid or allowed in like manner by the1

?roper Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, out of any Monies in their lands arifing from the Duties of Cuftoms refpeftivelj.

LVIII. And be it further, enafted, That the leveral Sums of Money refpeftively inferted, defcribed and fet forth in Figures m the Several Tables to this Aft annexed, as the Duties of Cuftoms upon, for or in refpeft of the Several Goods, Wares or Merchandise Specified in the Said Tables or any of them, or as the Duties of Cuftoms on Ships or Veflels according to the Tonnage thereof, may and (hall refpeftively be managed, afcertained, raifed, levied,

' collefted, anfwered, paid, recovered and allowed (except where any Alteration is exprelslv made by this Aft,) in fuch and the like manner and by the lame Means, Ways and Methods as former Duties of Cuftoms and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms upon Goods, Wares or Merchandise in general; and alfo by any Inch Special Means, Ways or Methods refpeftively, as former Duties of Cuftoms and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms upon Goods, Wares or Merchandise of the fame Sorts or Kinds, or Duties on Ships or Veflels according to the Tonnage thereof refpeftively, were or might be managed, aicertained, raifed, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, recovered and allowed,	under or by virtue of any Aft or	Afts of

Parliament in force in	Great Britain	immediately before	the faid

And the Goods	Fifth Day of July One	thoufand eight	hundred and nineteen; and

m which Duties	that the Goods, Wares	or Merchandise	whereon Duties of	Cuftoms

are by this Aft charged, and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms allowed, as the fame are refpeftively inferted, defcribed and fet forth in the faid Tables to this Aft annexed, upon the Importation thereof into or Exportation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other Account whatever, and all Ships and Veflels whereon any Duties are charged or payable according to the Tonnage thereof, (hall be and the lame are hereby made fubjeft and liable to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Reftriftions, Seizures and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares or Merchandise in general, and alfo all and every the fpecial Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions, Seizures* Sales and Forfeitures refpeftively, to which the like Goods, Wares or Merchandife, or Ships or Veflels whereon any Duties are charge* able or payable according to the Tonnage thereof refpeftively, were fubjeft and liable by any Aft or Afts of Parliament in rorce in Great Britain immediately before the (aid Fifth Day of Jufy One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, relating to the Revenue of Cuftoms, or fuch Tonnage Duties as aforefind (except where any Alteration is exprefsly made by this Aft) * and all Pains, Penalties*

Fines

are to be paid, or Drawbacks allowed, subject to Conditions, &c. of former Acts.

AJMSlfc

59° GEO- III,

C. 59.

199

Fines and Forfeitures, of whatever Nature or Kind the fame may be, as wed Palm of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in farce in Great Britain immediately before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoriand eight hundred and nineteen, made for fecuring the Revenue of Cuftoms, or fuch Tonnage Duties as aforefaid, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers, Provifions and Declarations contained in any fuch Aft or Ads, (hall funlefa where expreSsly altered by this Aft), and the fame art hereby oirpfted and declared to extend to, and (hall be refpeftively applied, praftifed and put in execution for and in refpeft of the feveral Duties of Cuftoms and Tonnage, and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuftoms, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid Ads, Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Direftions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft, and made Part thereof!

LIX. And be it further enafted. That if any Aftion or Suit (hall be brought or commenced aeainft any PerSon or Perfons for any thing done m purfuance of &s Aft, fuch Aftion or Suit dull be cnuneiiced within Three Calendar Months next after the Faft committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid in the County or Place where the Caufe fi Complaint did arife, and not ehewhere; and the Defendant in every fuch Aftion or Suit may plead the General Iffue, and give this Aft and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and if the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any fuch Aftion or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs /hall be soufuited, or discontinue his, her or their Aftion pr Sgdt after the Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared, of if, upon Dexmorer, Judgment (hall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,' the Defendant or Defendants mall have Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy for the fame as any Defendant had in other Cafes to recover Cofts by Law.

LX. And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be amended, akered or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be made in this prefent fidfion of Parliament#

TABLES referred to in this Aft.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into Great Britain from Foreign Parts (except Goods, Wares and Merchandise of the Growth, Produce or Manufafture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and Goods imported from His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof) ; and of die Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandise.

O 4

q{

Actions. General Issue.

Treble Costa.

Act altered, Ac. this Session.

TABLE

20p

C.52.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819,

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandife, being of the Growth, Produce or w * o _r ™ice within the Limit3 of the Charter

trading to the Eaft Indies imported into Great Britain ; and on Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported into Great Britain from His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandife.

TABLE (C.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandife exported from Great Britain.

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandife brought or carried Coaftwife from one Port or Place to any other Port or Place within Great Britain; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain.

TABLE (E.)

A TABLE of the TONNAGE DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable

on Ships or Veffels entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballaft) in any Port of Great Britain from or to Foreign Parts.

LISTS of ARTICLES which may be lodged in \Varehoufes, or otherwife fecured, at approved Ports in Great Britain, under the Rules, Regulations and Securities required by Law, without Payment, at the time of the Firft Entry, of the Duties due on the Importation thereof.

Company of Merchants of England

TABLE (D.)

TABLE (F.)

TABLE

A.D. 1819.

$9° GEO. III.

C .52,

SOI

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported into Great Britain from Foreign .Parts (except Goods, Wares and Merchandife of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and Goods imported from His Majeily,8 Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof) ; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandife.

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

A.

£. /• d.

£. i. d.

Acacia, the lb. -Acetous Acid, See Vinegar.

Acorns, the lb.

Adianthum, the lb.

Agaric, the cwt. -----Agates, vis.

—■■■ ■ polifhed or otherwife manufa&ured, for every ioo/. of the Value	-	-

» ■■■—■■ - rough or unmanufa&ured, for every iooA of the Value -Alderney, Ifland of, See Guemfey.

Ale, See Beer.

AHuli, viz.

any Article containing Soda or Mineral Alkali, wheieof Mineral Alkali is the moft valuable Part, (fuch Alkali not being other-wife particularly charged with Duty)

- .... if not containing a greater Proportion of fuch Alkali, than 20 per Centum,

-	- - imported in a Britifli built

Ship, the cwt. -

-	- - imported in a Ship not

Britifli built, the cwt. ------ if containing more than 20 per Centum, and not exceeding 25 per Centum of fuch Alkali,

-	- - imported in a Britifli built

Ship, the cwt.

-	• - imported in a Ship not

Britifli built! the cwt. -

0 2 0	0 i 4
O O IO	006
o o 8	005
i 18 o	—
6o o o	—
20 O O  \	
on 4	058
O 12 O	00  0
O IJ o	076
o 15 8	076

Duty.	Drawback.
In / • d*	£. /• d.
0 18 4	092
0 19 0	092
1 3 4	0118
1 4 0	0118
1 10 0  >	0 15 0
1 10 8	0 15 0
0 0 10	006
018	_
60 0 0 1	—
1 11 6	180
4 15 o	4 4 0
a 7 6:	a a 0
0 1 3	0 0 10
026	018
0 3 9	Q 2 6
009	006
0176	—
0118	-
0 1 8	Oil
60 0 0	
050	
0 3 4	—•

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.

Alkali—any Article containing Soda, &c. continued• ..... if containing more than 25 per Centum, and not exceed* tag 30 per Centum of fuch Alkali,

-	- - imported in a Britifh built

Ship, the cwt.

-	- - imported in a Ship not

Britifh built, the cwt.

.........if	containing more than 30 per

Centum, and not exceeding 40 per Centum of fuch Alkali,

-	- - imported in a Britifh built

Ship, the cwt.

-	- - imported in a Ship not

Britifh built, the cwt. -- - - - - if containing more than 40 per Centum of fuch Alkali,

-	- - imported in a Bntifh built

Ship, the cwt.

-	- - imported in a Ship not

Britidi built, the cwt. -

Alkanet Root, the lb.

Alkermes, Confe&ion of, the oz.	-

Almond Pafte, for every 100/. of the Value Almonds, t»*.

-	■■ Bitter, the cwt. -

--- Jordan, the cwt.	...

—■ ■■ ■ of any other Sort, the cwt.

■■ ■ ■■■ Oil of, Sec 01.

Aloes, vie.

—— Hepatica or Barbados* Aloes, the lb.

■ Soootorina, imported directly from the Place of their Growth, the lh. ...... imported not dire&ly from the

Place of their Growth, the

lb..........................

of any other Sort, the lb. *

Alum, the cwt.	-	—	-	-

------- Roch Alum, the cwt. ...

Amber,	vie.

—	Beads, See Beads.

-	. Oil of, See Oil.

.......Rough, the lb.	...

not otherwife enumerated or	defcribed,	for

every 100/. of the Value Ambciyis, the ox. -	-	-

Ambra Liquids, the lb*	•

America, United States of.

Note.—Upon the Importation into any Part of Great Britain of any Goods, Wares or Mer-chandife, being the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any of the Territories of the United States of America, direft from the faid Territories in any Ship or Veffel built in the Countries belonging to the faid States, or any of them, or taken by any of the Ships or VefTels of War belonging to the Government, or any of the Inhabitants of the faid States, having Commiffions or Letters of Marque and Keprifal from the Government of the faid States, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty there, fuch Ship or Veffel being owned by the Subje&s of the faid States, or any of them, and whereof the Mailer and Three Fourths of the Mariners are alfo SubjeCU of the faid States, no higher or other Duties (hall be charged or paid than fuch as are charged and payable upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise, of the like Denomination or Defcription, being the Growth, PfoduCtion or Manufa&ure of any of the Territories of the United States of America, and being imported in Britiih built Ships or Veffels navigated and regiftered according to Law, See 56 Geo. 3. c. 15. which AA is to continue in force fo long as the Convention between His Majefty and the United States of America (ball continue in force*

Aiiimi or Amios Seed, See Seed*

Ammoniac, viz.

—■ Gum, See Gum Ammoniac.

Sal, See Sal Ammoniac.

Anacardium, the lb.

Anchor Stocks, See Wood* Anchovies, See FHh.

Angelica, the lb*

Anjrnfturac Cortex, See Bark. Amme Gum, See Gum. Anifeed, See Seed.

Oil of, See Oil.

Annotto or Rocou, viz.

—	■ — Flag, the lb. -	-	-

—	---- Rou or any other Sort, not otherwft* enu-

merated or deferibed, the lb.

Antimony, viz.

■	■	—- Crude, the cwt.	-

■■ — Regubs of Antimony, the cwt* *•

Duty.

Drawback.

£. /. d.

020

o o 10

005

CIO

o 1$ o

2 0 0

£. t. d.

o « 4 o o €

204

C.52,

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.



TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.

Apples, the Bufhel	...

■■ ■■ dried, the Bufhel -	-

Aquafortis, the cwt.	...

Arabic Gum, See Gum.

Arangoes, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation to Africa, for every ioo/. of the Value -	-	-	-

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftric-tions under which Arangoes may be fo imported, See 5 Geo. 3. c. 30.

Archelia, See Orchal.

Argol, the cwt. .... Anftolochia, the lb.	-

Arquebufade Water, See Spirits.

Arrow Root or Powder, the lb. -Arfenic, viz.

»-■ - ■	* White, the cwt. -

■	'	of any other Sort, the cwt.

Afafoetida, imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

■	■	imported	not	dire&ly from the Place of

its Growth, the lb.

Afarum Root, the lb.

Afhes, viz.

—" ■ Pearl, and Pot, imported in a Britifh built Ship, the cwt. ....... imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the cwt. ....... of the Britifh Plantations in

America, and imported direfUy from thence, the cwt. -	-

— Soap and Wood, the cwt. .	.	-

—— not otherwise enumerated or deferibed, for every 100/. of the Value Afphaltum, the lb.

Afies, each -	....

Attar of Rofes, See Otto of Rofes.

Auripigmentum, See Orpiment.

B.

Bacon or Hams, the cwt. ... Badger Skins, See Skins.

Balauftia, the lb.	-

Balks, See Wood.

Balls, viz. Waflung Balls, the lb*

Balm of Gilead, See Balfam.

Duty.	Drawback.
£. /. d.	£. r. L
640	
070	—
O 14 3	
3 3 4	—
049 0 0 10	006
002	—
0 *4 3 0 18 8	—
0  0  0	006
O I 2 0 0 8	009  005
Oil 2	—
0 12 0	—
Ol8	
Ol8	—
20 O O	
O O IO 3 6 6	006
2 16 0	_
0 0 10	■ —
018	—

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. Ill,

C. 59.

SOS

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Baton, viz.	£. /. d.	£• /. d.
	Canada, the lb. -	0 19	0 0 10
	 Copaiba or Capivi, the lb.	0 2 0	o 1 4
	 Riga, the lb.  Riga BaUam is alfo fubje& to a Duty of Excife. — ■■ Balm of Gilead, Balfam of Peru, of Tolu, and all Balfams not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, the lb.	010	
	046	
Banditring Twift, the Dozen Knots, each Knot con-taining 32 Yards	650	
Barbadoes Tar, See Tar.  Barilla, See Alkali.  Bark, viz.  	Anguftura Bark, the lb.  	Calcar ilia Bark, See Eleutheria Bark, in Bark.  	Cinchona Bark, See Peruvian Bark, in Bark.  	Clove Bark, the lb.	0 2 0	014
	0 0 10	006
	 Eleutheria, or Cafcarilla Bark, the lb.	O' 2 0	0 1 4
— Guiacum Bark, the cwt. -	l8o	0188
	Jefuits Bark, See Peruvian Bark, in Bark.		
	Oak Bark, the cwt. -	0 0 8	
For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions, under which Oak Bark may be imported on Payment of this Duty, See 12 Geo. 3. c.50. continued by fubfequent A&s, and by 52 Geo. 3. c. 18. made perpetual.  .... Solid vegetable Extra& from Oak Bark, See Extract.  ... - Black Oak, or Quercitron Bark, for the Purpofe of dyeing, imported from any Country not in Europe, in Calks containing not lefs than i5olb8. net, the cwt.	0 2 0	•
-------- - otherwife imported, for every  tool, of the Value	20 O O	
—— Peruvian, or Jefuits Bark, the lb.	0 2 0	° I 4
.... Extraft, or Preparation of. See Extra&. — Red Mangrove Bark, imported in Ca/ks containing not lefs than ijolbs. net, the cwt. -	0 0 8	T
------- otherwife imported, for  every 100/. of the Value	20 * O O	
—— Saflafiras Bark, the lb. - -	0 0 8	0 0 c
—— Simarouba Bark, the lb. - - -	OIO	008
— Winters Bark, the lb.	0 0 8	005
—— Bark not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, being for the Ufe of Dyers or of Tanners, and for no other Ufe or Purpofe whatever, for every 100/. of the Value - *	O  O  O  (l	\

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Duty.	Drawback.
£. /.	£. /. I
O  N  O	—
0 3 *	
jo 0 0	—
0 10 0	
018	0 1 1
026	018
0 12 0	—
0 15 10	—
1 8 6	—
032	——
0  0  0	—
0  0  m  0	
sax	
1 7 0	—
0 r+ 0	L

Bark—continued.

— Bark not particularly enumerated or defcribed, nor otherwise charged with Duty, whether pulveriied or not, the lb. ... Barley, Set Corn.

Hulled, See Pearl Barley*

Barras, Dutch, See Canvas in Linen.

Batins of Marble, See Marble Batins in Stone.

Bafket Rods, the Bundle, not exceeding Three Feet in Circumference at the Band -Baikets, for every I oo/. of the Value Baft Ropes, the cwt.	....

Bail or Straw Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

■	■< - ■■■ Platting orother Manufacture of Baft

or Straw for making Hats or Bonnets, See Platting.

Bay Berries, See Berries.

Bay, Oil of, See Oil.

Bay Yarn, See Woollen Yarn, in Yarn.

Bdelliutn, imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

■	■ - ■■	■ imported not dire&ly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

Beads,* vi%.

- ■ - Amber Beads, the lb.

■ Coral Beads, the lb.

■-----Cryilal Beads, the iooo ------ Jet Beads, the lb.

Beads not otherwise enumerated or defcribed, • for every iooL of the Value Beans, See Corn*

■	■ Kidney or French Beans, the Btfthel

------- Wool, See Wool.

Bed Feathers, See Feathers far Beds, in Feathers* Beds, See Feather Beds.

Beach Boards, )

------ Plank, > See Wood*

------ Quarters,)

Bear or Bigg, See Com.

Beer, «k.

■ Mum, the Barrel containing 32 Gallons

■	■ »■ Spruce Beer, the Barrel containing <32 Gallons —— or Ale, of all other Sorts, the Barrel containing

32 Gallons	-

Mum, Beer and Ale, are f*bje& alfo to a Duty of Excife.

Bee* Wax, Ste Wax*

Bell Metal, See Metal.

Belvedere Raifins, See Raifiee.

Benjamin, or Benzoin, the lb*

Benzoin, See Benjamin.

Bergamot, Effence of. See Effence.

Bernes, vm.

" ' ■ Bay, the cwt.	-	-

------Juniper, the cwt.	-

------Yellow, for Dyers’ Ufe, the cwt.

—	Berne* for Dyer*’ Ufe, not otherwife	enu-

merated or defcribed, the cwt.

—	- ■ Berries not for Dyers’ Ufe, not otherwife

enumerated or defcribed, for every too/, of the Value	-

Beftials, See Man, Ifle of.

Bezoar Stones, the oz. .... Bigg or Beer, See Corn..

Birds, viz. Singing Birds, the Dozen Bitumen Judaicum, the lb. -	-

Blacking, the cwt. -	-	-

Black Latten, Set Lattcta.

—	Lead, See Lead.

Bladders, the Dozen .... Block* of Marble, See Marble Blocks, in Stone. Blabber, Set Train Oil, in Oil.

Boards, See Wood.

Bole Armenic or Armenian Bole, the cwt.

Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of FHh, except Whale Fins, for every ioc/. of the Value -Bonnets, See Hats.

Books, Printed, or Manufcripts, ws.

---- Half Bound or in any way Bound, the cwt.

—	Unbound, the cwt.	...

Borax or Tincal, viz.

—	refined* the lb*	-	-	-

—	unrefined, the lb:

* Drawback on the Exportation of Borax

or Tincal refined in Great Britain, fnrai a larger Quantity imported unrefined, the Id.	-	•

For the Condition* under which fuch Drawback can only be allowed. See 17 Geo. a. c* 31. Botargo, See Fifh.

. Jetties, we.

—	of Earth or Stone, the Dozen Bottles of Stone are fubje& aKo to a Duty

of Excife.

—	of Glafs covered with Wicker, the Dozen Quarts -

0	2	0
0	<1	1
0	11	1
1	8	6
1	3	9
5°	0	0
0	2	6
0	8	0
0	0	10

3 ** o 006

080

100

6 10 o y o o

018 a o 8

£• s. d.

1 4

006

0 5 4

*0 o 8

° 3

2 o

Bottles—continued*

— of Green or common Glafs, full or empty, not of lefs .Content than One Pint, and not being Phials, the Dozen Quarts Subje& alfo to a Duty of Excife.

--------- of Glafs not otherwife enumerated or de-

fcribed, for every ioo/. of the Value Note.—Flafks in which Wine or Oil is imported are not fubje& to Duty.

Bowfprits, See Mafts in Wood.

Boxes of all Sorts, for every ioo/. of the Value Box Wood, See Wood.

Brandy, See Spirits.

Brafs, viz,

—— Manufa&ures of, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for every ioo/. of the Value -

------Powder of, for Japanning, See Powder.

------- Wire, See Wire.

Brazil, See Portugal.

Brazil Wood, ) o irr j Brazilletto Wood,} S“ Wood*

Bricks or Clinkers, the 1000	-

Brimftone, viz,

...... rough, imported in a Britifh built Ship, the

cwt.	-

- - - - imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the cwt.	-

* Drawback on the Exportation of .Brimftone in any way refined in Great Britain from a larger Quantity imported rough, the cwt.	-	-	'	-

For the Conditions under which fuch Drawback.

can only be allowed. See the A6t to which ‘ this Table is annexed.

■■ ■ ■ ■ in Rolls, imported in a Britifh built Ship, the cwt.	-	-

-	- - - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the cwt. - r	-

—— — - - in Flour, imported in a Britifh built Ship, the cwt. -

-	- - - imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the cwt. -

For the Conditions and Regulations under which Nine Tenths of the Duties of Cuftoms paid on Brimftone, may be repaid on fuch as is - ufed and confumed in making and preparing Oil of Vitriol, See 50 Geo. 3. c. 40. 55 Geo. 3. c. 66. and 56 Geo. 3. c. 81. and the A€t to which this Table is annexed.

£. j. d. 080 80 o o

50 o o 50 o o

126

o 15 o o 15 10

£. x. d.

IOO i o 8

* 3 9 1	5	o

*0 15 o

A.D. 1813.

56* GEO. Ill

C. 52.

209

Briftles, viz.

-------drefled, imported in a Britifh built Ship, the

Duty,

£. /.

d.

£.

Dozen lbs. -

-	- - - imported in a Ship not Britifh built,

the Dozen lbs.

------rough or undrefTed, imported in a Britifh

built Ship, the Dozen lbs.

-	-----------.....	imported in a Ship not

Britifh built, the Dozen

0 12 0 O 13 o

037

lbs.

Bronze Figures, not being Statues, for every 100I. of the Value	-	-

------ Powder, See Powder.

------ Statues, See Statues.

Bruges Thread, See Thsead.

Buck or Deer Skins, See Skins.

Buck Wheat, the Quarter containing Eight Bufhels (until the 25th March 1821)	-	-

Buffalo Hides, See Hides.

------ Horns, See Horns.

------ Tails, See Tails.

Bugle, viz.

----- Great, the lb.	*	-

—- Small or Seed, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftric-tions under which Bugles may be warehoufed on Importation, See 5 Geo. 3. c. 30.

—	- Great, to be warehoufed, the Dozen lbs.

-----Small or Seed, to be warehoufed, the

Dozen lbs

When taken out of fuch Warehoufe to be ufed in Great Britain,

-----Great, the lb.

-----Small, or Seed, the lb.	-	-

Bullion and Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver, Duty free. Bull Rulhes, the Load, containing 63 Bundles Bulls Hair, See Cow Hair in Hair.

-r— Hides, See Buffalo Hides in Hides.

—- Horns, See Horns.

----Tails, See Buffalo Tails in Tails.

040 50 o o

o 10 o

032

049

017

032

032

049

O 12 O

Burgundy Pitch, SeePitch.

Burrachas, See Caoutchouc.

Burrs for Mill Stones, See Stone.

See alfo the Note Under the Head of Guernfey. Buffs of Bronze, See Statues.

Buffs or Figures of Marble or Stone, See Sculptured Marble in Stone.

■ " -....... not	other	wife	enumerated or des-

cribed, for every 100/. of the Value

59Geo.IIL	P

50 o o

Ci 52i

AJD. ISIJi

110

GEO. IIL

Butter, imported in a Britifh built Ship, the cwt. -■■ ■■ imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the cwt.	-

Cables tarred or untarred, whether in ufe or other-wife, the cwt.	-

Cable Yarn, See Yarn.

Cajaputa, Oil of, See OiL Cake Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Cakes made of Linfeed, See Linfeed Cakes.

----------------Rape	Seed,	See	Rape	Cakes.

Calabar Skins, See Squirrel Skins in Skins. Calaminaris Lapis, See Lapis.

Calamus Aromaticus, the lb.	-	/

Calicoes, printed, painted, ftained or dyed, and other Goods, being the Produ& or Manufacture of the Eaft Indies, which are prohibited to be worn or ufed in Great Britain, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation to Africa, duty free.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftric-tions under which fuch Calicoes may be £b imported, See 5 Geo. 3. c. 30.

Calves Skins, See Skins.

— ■ Velves, the cwt.	-	-

Cambogium, See Gamboge.

Cambrics, See Linen.

Camel Hair, See Hair.

Camel or Mohair Yarn, See Yarn.

Camomile Flowers, the lb.	-

Camphor, vis.

" -■ refined, the lb.	-

—— 1— unrefined, the lb.	-

* Drawback on the Exportation of .Camphor refined in Great Britain from a larger Quantity imported unrefined, tne lb.

For the Conditions under which fuch Drawback can only be allowed, See ij Geo. a. c. ji-

Cam Wood, See Wood.

Canada Balfam, See Balfam.

Canary Seed, See Seed.

Cancrorum Oculi, the lb.*	...

Candles, t\iz.

■■ — Spermaceti, the lb. -	-	•

Tallow, the cwU	-

£. /. d.

100

116

o o 10

006

o iz 6

006

o a 6

013

004

o 1 3

026

3 3 4

o o 10

Candk*~conlinued.

----Wax, the lb.	-	■*

Caixllcwick, the cwt.	-

Cane Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

----Platting or other Manufacture of Cane to

make Hats or Bonnets, See Platting.

CaneUa Alba, the lb.

Cases, van.

— ■ Rattans, the 1000	...

-!--Reed Canes, the 1000	...

----Walking, for every ioo/. of the Value

Caqtharides, the lb.	-

Canvafa, See Linen.

Caoutchouc, or Elaftic Gum, the lb.

Cape of Good Hope. For the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported from the Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, and the Territories	and Dependencies

thereof. See Table (B.)

Capers, the lb.	...

Capita Papaverum, the 1000 Caps, viz.

----Cotton, for every ioo/. of the Value

----Worfted, for every ioo/. of the Value

Capficum, See Guinea Pepper in Pepper.

Caraway, Oil of, See Oil.

Seed, See Seed.

Cardamoms, the lb.

----------Extra# or Preparation of, See Extra#.

Cards, tw*. Playing Cards, the Dozen Packs Cariophyllormn Cortex, See Clove Bark in Bark.

---------------Oleum,	See	Oil	of	Cloves.

Carmenia Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.

Carmine, the oz.	-

Carpets, w*.

-----of Turkey, under Four Yards fquare, the

Carpet *

-	Four Yards fquare, and not

exceeding Six Yards fquare, the Carpet

-	exceeding	Six	Yards	fquare,	the

Carpet -	.	-

-----not otherwife enumerated or described, for

every ioo/. of the Value Carrabe, See Succinum.

Carriages of all Sorts, for every ioo/. of the Value -Carrot Seed, 1 c Q ,

Carthamu. Seed,	j	See	Seed.

Carui Oleum, See Oil of Caraway.

Gafcarifla Cortex, See Eleutheria Bark in Bark.

P 2

£. /. d. 026 488

008

1

1

5o o

o o

OIO

036

50 o o 50 o o

0 2 0 400

040

I 10 o

5 10 o 8 15 o 50 o o 50 o o

£. /« d*

o o y

* 4

024

* 4



Calhew Gum, See Gum.

— ■ Nuts, See Nuts.

Calks, empty, for every 100/. of the Value Callia, viz.

E. /. d,

50 o o

Drawback. £. x. d.

------Buds, the lb. -

------Fiftula, the lb.	-	-

------- Lignea,	the	lb.	-	-	-

------Oil of, See Oil.

Call Iron, See Iron.

Caltor, the lb. -	-

------Oil of, See Oil.

-■ - ■ ■ Seed, See Seed.

Calls of Bulls, Statues, or Figures, the cwt. Catechu, See Terra Japonica.

Catlings, Harpltrings, or Lutellrings, the Grofs, containing Twelve Dozen Knots Cat Skins, See Skins.

Cattle from the Ule of Man, See Man, Ifle of. Caviare, See Filh.

Cayenne Pepper, See Pepper.

Chalk, prepared, or otherwife manufactured, and not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for every 100/. of the Value — unmanufactured, and not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for every 100/. of the Value Charts, See Maps.

Cheefe, imported in a Britilh built Ship, the cwt. -

------imported in a Ship not Britilh built, the

cwt.	-

Chemical Oil, See Oil.

Cherries, the cwt. -' - —■ dried, the lb.	-

Chefnuta, See Nuts.

Chillies, See Guinea Pepper in Pepper.

Chimney Pieces of Marble or Stone fculptured. See Sculptured Marble in Stone.

China Root, the lb.

China Ware or Porcelain, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for every 100/. of the Value Chip Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

—, Manufactures of, to make Hats or Bonnets, See Platting.

Chromate of Lead, for every 100/. of the Value Cider, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons

SubieCt alfo to a Duty of Excife.

Cinders, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

Cinnabaris Nativa, the lb.	-

Cinnamon, the lb.

—.........the	Produce	of,	and	imported	from	any

Britilh Colony or Plantation, the 1U -

026 o o 10 026

050

0.26

064

006

0 3 4

0  0  5-	—
20 O O	—
0 10 6	—
0 13 0	—
0 18 8		
008	
0 1 3	0010
0  0	—
50 0 0	
11 17 6	1 1
200	—
020	014.
036	032
026	° 2 3

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

Cinnamon—continued*

-■ ■ imported under Licence, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reft notions, under which Cinnamon may be fo imported, See 3 & 4 Ann. c. 4. 8 Ann. c. 7. 6 Geo. 1. c. 21. and alfo 8 Geo. 1. c. i8», which is continued by feveral Statutes, and by 49 Geo. 3. c. 20. made perpetual.

Cinnamemi Oleum, See Oil of Cinnamon.

Citrat of Lhne, the lb.	-

Citron preserved with Salt, for every 100/. of the Value -	Sugar,	See Succades.

Citron Water, See Spirits.

Civet, the oz. -

Clap Boards, See Boards in Wood.

Clinkers, See Bricks.

Clocks, for every 100/. of the Value . -

Cloths, Woollen, See Wool, Articles made of.

Clover Seed, See Seed.

Cloves, the lb.	-	-

£. 1.

o 3

d.

£.

6

/. d.

o 1	6

20 o o

049

50 o o

030

027

-------the Produce of, and imported from any

Britiih Colony or Plantation, the lb.

- ■ -■ imported under Licence, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftridions, under which Cloves may be fo imported. See 3 &4 Ann. c. 4. 8 Ann. c. 7. 6 Geo. i.c. 21. and alfo 8 Geo. 1. c. 18., which is continued by feveral Statutes, and by 49 Geo. 3.. c. 20. made perpetual.

------Oil of. See Oil.

Coals, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

Cobalt, for every 100/. of the Value Cocculus Indicus, imported diredly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

o

o

2

20

O

2	O

3	°

o o o o

2 6

o

9

imported not diredly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Extract or Preparation of, See Extrad.

0 3 9

Cochineal, the lb.

—-	Duft, the lb.

Cocoa Nuts, for every 100/. of the Value ■ ■	Oil of, See Oil.

026 005 20 o o

Cocoa Nuts, Duty free.

Cocoa Nuts are fubjed to a Duty of Excife. CodiQa of Flax, fubjed to Duty as Flax, for which. See Flax.

— of Hemp, fubjed to Duty as Hemp, for which. See Hemp.

Coffee, Duty free.|

Coffee is fubjed to a Duty of Excife.

P a

C .52.

59* GEO. m.

A«D. 181&*

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Coin, viz.  — ■ of Copper, See Copper.  	Foreign, of Gold or Silver, See Bullion.  Cole Seed, See Seed.  Colocynth, See Coloquintida.  Colophonia, See Rofm.  Coloquintida, or Colocynth, imported direftly from  the Placeof its Growth,	£. e. d.	£. e. i.
the lb.  from the Place of its	o i 8	0 1 1
Growth, the R>. Colours for Painters, See Painters’ Colours.	026	018
Columbo Root, the lb. - - -	020	014
Comfits, the lb. - - -Coney Skins, See Skins.  	Wool, See Wool.	026	-

Confe&ion of Alkermes, See Alkermes.

Contrayervae Radix, See Radix.

Copaiba, or Capivi Balfam, See Balfam.

Copal Guta, See Gum.

Copper, viz.

—	Ore, the cwt.	....

-------Old, fit only to be re-maiiifh&ured, the cwt.

-------in Plates, and Copper Coin, the cwt.

unwrought, viz.

- - - - in Bricks or Pigs, Rofe Copper, and all Call Copper, the cwt. ——Part wrought, viz.

........ Bars, Rods or Ignots hammered or raifediifce cwt.

■  ----Wire, See Wife.

- Manufa&ures of Copper not otherwife efto-merated or defcribed, and Copper Pistes engraved, for every 100L of the Value -Copperas, viz.

—	Blue, the cwt.	...

■■	Green, the cwt.	...

—	-----White, the cwt.	-

Coral, viz.

-------Beads, See Beads.

---- in Fragments, the lb.

-------Whole, polifhed, the lb.	*

------unpolifhed, the lb.

Cordage, tarred or untarred, whether in ufe or other-wife, (Handing or running Rigging in Ufe excepted,) the cwt.	-	-

Cordial Waters, See Spirits.

Coriander Seed, See Seed.

Cork, imported in a Britifh built Ship, the cwt.

—• imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the cwt. •

1	I	0
1	9	2 ■
3	0	O
' 2	*4	2
3		6
jo	0	0
0	5	0
0	5	0
0	It	0
0	I	0
0	It	0
0	5	6
X	1	6
0	8	0
0	8	9

AJ). 1819.

56*GEO:III.

C. 52.

31#

Corby ready made, the lb< Corn,

£. i. d. £. i. J. 070	—

All Corn, Meal or Flour, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Foreign Country, which may by Lavfr be imported into Great Britain, may at all tunes be brought into, and warehoufed therein, without Payment of any Duty whatever, and filch Corn, Meal or Flour having been fo warehoufed, may at all times be taken out of fuch Warehouse, and exported according to Law, without Payment of any Duty whateverand any fuch Corn, Meal or Flour, may be taken out of fuch Warehoufe and entered for Home Con-fumption in Great Britain, under the Regulations and Ptovifions required by Law, without Payment of any Duty whatever, whenever Foreign Corn, Meal or Flour of the fame Sort may by Law be admif&ble into Great Britain for Home Confumption. See 55 Geo. 3. c. 26.

Foreign Corn, Meal of Flour may be imported into Great Britain for Home Confumption,

of the feveral Sorts of Britiih Corn, made up and publifhed as Required by Law, fhall be at

Whenever Wheat fhall be at or aboveL the Price of Eighty Shillings per Quarter;

Peafe and Beans (hall be at or

x of Fifty three Shillings per Quarter; whenever Barley, Beer or Big mall be at or above the Price of Forty Shillings per Quarter; and whenever Oats fhall be at or above the Price of Twenty feven Shillings per Quarter. See 55 Geo. 3. c. 26.

Whenever the Average Prices of Britiih Corn fo made up and publifhed, fhall refpe&ively be below the Prices before ftated, no Foreign Corn, or Meal or Flour made from any of the refpe&ive Sorts of Foreign Corn before enumerated, fhall be allowed to be imported into Great Britain for the purpofe of Home Confumption, or taken out of Warehoufe for that Purpofe. See 55 Geo. 3. c. 26.

The Average Price of the feveral Sorts of Britiih Corn by which the Importation of Foreign Corn, Meal or Flour into Great

or above the Prices

mentioned, vrx.

P *

Com ——continued*

(L. /• d» L /• d»

Britain (hall be regulated and governed, (hall continue to be made up and publifhed in

the manner required by Law, (&e 31 Geo. 3. c. 30. 33 Geo. 3. c.65. 44 Geo.3. c. 109. 45 Geo. 3. c. 86.); but if at any time after the rtation of Foreign Corn, Meal or Flour,

>e permitted under the Provifiona required by Law, it (hall appear that the Average Price* of the different Sorts of Britifh Corn sefpeft-ively, in the Six Week* immediately fucceeding the Fifteenth Day of February, the Fifteenth Day of May, the Fifteenth Day of Auguft, and the Fifteenth Day of November in each Year, have fallen below the Prices at which Foreign Corn, Meal or Flour maybe by Law allowed to be imported for Home Confumption, no fuch Foreign Cora, Meal or Flour (hall be allowed to be imported into Great Britain for Home Confumption from any Place between the Rivers Eyder and.Bidafiba, both indufive, until a New Average (hall be made up and publifhed in the London Gazette for regulating the Importation into Great Britain for the fucceeding Quarter. See 55 Geo. 3. c. 26.

Any Corn, Meal or Flour, being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Britifh Colony or Plantation in North America, which may by Law be imported into Great Britain, may refpeCtively be imported for .Home Confumption without Payment of any Duty, whenever the Average Prices of Britifh Corn, made up and publifhed as by Law required, (hall refpedtively be at or above the Prices hereafter fpecified, w*. Whenever the Price of Wheat (hall be at or above Sixty feven Shillings per Quarter; whenever the Price of Rye, Peafe and Beans, (hall be at or above Forty four Shillings per Quarter; whenever the Price of Barley, Beer or Bigg (hall be at or above Thirty three Shillings per Quarter; and whenever the Price of Oats (hall be at or above Twenty two Shillings per Quarter. See 55 Geo. 3. c. 26.

Whenever the Prices of Britifh Corn ref

Corn or Meal or Flour made from any of the refpe&ive Sorts of Corn hereinbefore enumerated, being of the Growth, Produce or

(hall be below the Prices before

Cora—continued•

Manufa&ure of any BritiJh Colony or Plantation in North America, fhall no longer be allowed to be imported into Great Britain for Home Confumption. See 55 Geo, 3. c. 26.

Any Corn, Meal or Flour, being of the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ure of any Britilh Colony or Plantation in North America, which may by Law be imported into Great Britain, may at all times be permitted to be fo imported and warehoused according to Law without Payment of any Duty whatever, and be taken out of fuch Warehoufe, and exported according to Law without Payment of any Duty whatever. See cy Geo. 3. c. 26.

Such Corn, Meal or Flour k> warehoused, may be taken out of the Warehoufe and entered for Home Confumption in Great Britain, whenever Corn, Meal or Flour of the like Defcription, imported dire& from any fuch Colony or Plantation, (hall be admiflible by Law tor Home Confumption, but not otherwise. See 55 Geo. 3. c. 26.

Note.—All Foreign Cora, when delivered out of any Ship or Velfel in the Port of London, is fubje& to a Duty of Two pence per Laft of Ten Quarters, to be paid to the Infpe&or of Corn Returns.

Cornu Cervi Calcinatum, the lb.

Cortex, See Bark.

Cofhis, the lb.	-	-

Cotton, vms.

-------Caps, See Caps.

—	Cloth of the Manufa&ure of the lile of

Man, See Man, Ifle of.

—	..Manufa&ures of Cotton, or of any other

Article mixed with Cotton, being chequered or ftriped, or printed, painted, ftained or dyed after the Manufa&ure, or in the Thread or Yarn before the Manufa&ure, not being prohibited to be imported into, nor worn nor ufed in Great Britain, and not being particularly enumerated or defcribed, nor otherwife charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value

■	Manufa&ures of Cotton	not	otherwife	enumerated or defcribed,	for	every	100/.	of

the Value	-

■—	Stockings, See Stockings.

■■	Thread, Sec Thread.

d.

£. /. d.

o o $ 010

008

75 o o 50, o o

f IS

a S3.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1813,

Cotton —continued.

Wool or Waite of Cotton Wool, See Wool;

-------Yarn, Sec Yarn.

Couhage, the lb.	-	-	-

Cow or Ox Hair, See Hair.

- Hides, See Buffalo Hides in Hides.

—	Horns, See Horns.

—— Tails, See Buffalo Tails in Tails.

Cowitch, See Couage.

Cowries, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation to Africa, for every 100/. of the Value	-

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftridions under which Cowries may be fo imported, See 5 Geo. 3. c. 30.

Crabs’ Eyes, See Cancrorum Oculi.

Cranberries, the Gallon ... The Duty on Cranberries, being the Produce of and imported dire&ly from the Ifland of Newfoundland, is fufpended until the yth Day of July 1824. See the Ad to which this Table is annexed.

Crayons, for every 100/. of the \^alue Crete of Tartar, the cwt.	-

Cryftal, was.

—	..Beads, See Beads.

—■■ Rough, for every 100/. of the Value

■	■ ■ - Cut, or in any way manufadured, for every

loo/. of the Value	-

Cubebs, the lb.	-	-

Cucumbers, vis.

■	—	Pickled,	the	Gallon

—	.....  Preferved	in	Salt	and	Water,	for every

100/. of the Value Culm, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

Cummin Seed, See Seed.	(

Currants, imported in a Britifh built Ship, the cwt. -

---------imported	in	a	Ship	not	Britifh	built,	the cwt.

Note.—No Allowance of the Duty on Currants to be made on account of Damage.

Cuttle Shells, the 1000	-

Cyder, See Cider.

Cyprus, Turpentine of. See Turpentine.

D.

Damaik Tabling, Towelling or Napkining, See Linen.

Dates, the cwt. -

£. e. d.

o 1

£. /. /

o o 10

3 3 4

¥>	0	0
0		10
20	0	0
60	0	0
0	' 2	0
0	2	6
20	0	0
2	0	0
2	4	4
2	7	6
0	12	6

2 o 2 o

o

o

4 1° 3

i

AJ3.1B19.

59«GEO. Ill

C.M.

919

See Wood.

Deals, \

Deal Ends, j Deer Skins, See Skins.

Denia Raifins, See Raifins.

Derelid, Foreign Liquors Derelid, Jetfam, Flotfam, Lagan or Wreck, brought or coming into Great Britain, are fubjed to the fame Duties, and entitled to the fame Drawbacks as Liquors of the like kind regularly imported.

Diagrydiusn, See Scammony.

Diamonds, Duty free.

Diaper, Tabling, Towelling or Napkining, See linen. Dice, the Pair	-	-

Dimity, See Cotton Manufadures.

Dittany, the lb.

Dog Stone, See Stone.

Down, imported in a Britifh built Ship, the lb.

------imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the lb. -

Dragon’s Blood, See Sanguis Draconis.

Drawings, See Prints.

Drillings, See Linen.

Drugs, on which fpecific.Duties are payable according to the Quantity, See the ieveral Articles in alphabetical Courfe.

—......not particularly enumerated or defcribed, nor

otnerwife charged with Dtity, for every iooI. of the Value •	*

Duck, See Sail Cloth in Linen. *

Dull, perfumed. See Hair Powder.

Dutch Barras, See Caavafs in Linen.

Earthenware, not otherwise enumerated or defcribed, for every ioo/. of the Value Eaft Country Linen, See German Linen in Linen. Eaft India Goode. For the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods imported from Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Eaft Indies, or from the Cape of Good Hope, See Table (B.)

Ebony, See Wood.

Eds, See Fi(h.

Eggs, the no	-

Etaftic Gum, See Caoutchouc.

Obing Canvafs, See Canvafs in Linen.

Eicon Gum, See Gum.

Duty.

Drawback.

£. /. d.

£. /. d.

i	6	t

o	i	o

o i 3 o i 5

o o 8

SO o o

75

o o

O O IO

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Elephants’ Teeth, viz.

■ ■ not exceeding the Weight of 21 lbs. each Tooth, the cwt.

--------exceeding the Weight of 21 lbs. each

Tooth, the cwt.	-

Eleutheria Cortex, See Bark.

Elk Hair, See Cow Hair in Hair.

—	Skins, See Skins.

Emeralds, See Jewels.

Emery Stones, See Stone.

Enamel, the lb.

Enulae Campanae Radix, See Radix.

Eringii Radix, See Radix.

Ermine Skins, See Skins.

Efience, viz.

■	■■ ■ of Bergamot or of Lemon, the lb.

■■	—	of Spruce, for every 1001, of the Value

--------not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, the lb.

Euphorbium, the lb.	-	-	,

Extra#, viz.

——— Cardamoms,

—	— > Cocculus Indicus,

■	■«	Grains, viz.

-	- - Guinea Grains,

-	- - of Paradife,

■	— Liquorice, *

■	■ ■ ■ ■ ■ Nux Vomica,

■	■ — ■ ■ Oak Bark. Solid Vegetable Extra A from

Oak Bark, or other Vegetable Sub-fiances, to be ufed for the purpofe of Tanning Leather, and for no other purpofe whatever, the cwt.

■	Opium, -	-	1 Extra# or Prepar-

--------Pepper, viz. Guinea > ation of, for every

Pepper, -11	100/.	of	the	Value

—	■	■ ■■ Peruvian or Jefuita’ Dark, Extra# or Pre-

paration of, the lb.	-	-

--------Quaffia, Extra# or Preparation of, for every

100I. of the Value

—	Radix Rhataniae, Extra# or Preparation of,

the lb.	-

........Vitriol, Extra# or Preparation of, for every

100/. of the Value ... Extra# or Preparation of any Article not being particularly enumerated or defcribed, nor otherwife charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the

Extra# or Preparation of, for eveiy 100I. of the Value

Value

Duty. £./. d.

200

400

072

046 20 o o 046 008

75 o o

030

75 © o 050

75 0 0 050

75 o o 50 o o

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

£• s. d.

d.

F.

Faro Raifins, See Raifins.

Feather Beds, See Feathers for Beds.

Note.—The Duty on Feather Beds is payable according to the Quantity of Feathers contained therein.

Feathers, viz.

■	for	Beds, imported in a Britifh built Ship,

the cwt. -

-	imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the cwt. * -

------- Oftrich, dreffed, the lb.

-	-	undreffed, the lb.

■	not	otherwife enumerated or defcribed, viz.

-	dreffed,	for	every	loo/. of the

Value

-“undreffed, for every ioo/. of the Value

Fennel Seed, See Seed.

Fenugreek Seed, See Seed.

Figs, imported in a Britifh built Ship, the cwt.

—	imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the cwt. -Note.—No Allowance of the Duty on Figs to be

made on account of Damage.

Filtering Stones, See Stone.

Fire Wood, See Wood.

Fir Quarters, See Wood.

—— Timber, See Timber in Wood.

Fifh, viz.

—	Anchovies, the lb.	-

—	Botargo, the lb.

----Caviare, the cwt.	-	-

----Eels, the Ship’s Lading	-

----Lobfters, Duty free.

----Oyfters, the Winchefter Bufhel

----Stock Fifh, the 120

—	Sturgeon, the Keg not exceeding 5 Gallons -

—	Turbots, Duty free.

—	Frefh Fifh, Bntifh taken, and imported in Britifh

built Ships or Veffels, Duty tree.

Fifh, Britirn, taking and cunng, Duty free. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftridtions, under which any fuch Fifh may be imported Duty free, See the Aft to which this Table is annexed.

Fi/hers Skins, See Skins.

Fifhing Nets, Old, See Rags.

Fifh (Si, See Train Oil in Oil.

488

4*5 o 2 15 6 100

5 000 20 o o

1	1	6

1	3	o

O I o 010

O 12.0

13 * 3

016

050

076

o 19 o

o 19 o

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Fitches Skins, See Skins.

Flanders Tiles, See Tiles.

Flannel, See Wool, Articles made of.

Flaftcs, See Bottles.

Flax, viz.

------dreffed, imported in a Britifti built Ship, the cwt.

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifti built, the

cwt.	-

------rough or undrefled, imported in a Britifti built

Ship, the cwt.

-	imported	in	a	Ship	not

Britifti built, the cwt. -

Flax Seed, See Seed.

Flint Stones for Potters, See Stone.

Flock Paper, See Paper.

Flocks, the cwt.	-

Flofs Silk, See Wafte Silk in Silk.

Flotfam, See Derelift.

Flour, See Corn.

Flower Roots, for every 100/. of the Value Flowers, Artificial, not made of Silk, for every 100/.

of the Value -Fortft Seed, See Seed.

Foffils, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for every 100/. of the Value ■	Specimens of, See Specimens.

Frames for Pi&ures, Prints or Drawings, for every 100I. of the Value	-

Frankincenfe, See Olibanum.

French Beans, See Beans.

Furriers’ Wafte, for every too/. of the Value Furs, See Skins.

Fuftic, See Wood.

G.

Galangal, imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.	-

-	imported	not	dire&ly	from	the	Place of its

. Growth, the lb.	-

Galbanum, imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.	-	**

-	— ■ — imported not dire&ly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

Galley Tiles, See Tiles.

Galls, the cwt.	-	*	-	•	*

Gamboge, the lb.	-

Garden Seed, See Seed.

Duty.	Drawback.
£• s* d.	£• *• d.
10 14 6	
1136	—
005	—
008	—
0 19 0	—
20 0 0	—
0  0  0	—
0  O  0  N	—
50 O O	—
20 O O	—
0 0 6	004
OO9	006
O I 4	O 0 10
0 2 0	013
O 11 2	1 1
Ol8	0 X 1 I

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Garnett, w*.

--------cut, the lb.

- rough, the lb.

Gauze of Thread, for every ioo/. of the Value Geldings, See Horfes.	•

Gem Sal, See Sal.

Geneva, See Spirits.

Gentian, the lb.

German Linen, See Linen.

Germany, Turpentine of, See Turpentine.

Gibraltar.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftri&ions under which Goods, Wares and Merchandife of the Growth or Production of the Dominions of the Emperor of Morocco may be imported from Gibraltar, on Payment of fuch Duties only as are or (hall be payable on the like Goods, when imported direCUy from Africa, See 27 Geo. 3. c. 19.

Gibraltar, Port of.

For the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods, ■ Wares and Merchandife, being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted tp the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, legally imported or brought into the Port of Gibraltar, and imported from thence into Great Britain, See Table (B.)

Gilt Wire, See Wire.

Ginger, the cwt.	-	-

----- the Produce of the Britifli Plantations, Colonies or Settlements in America, or of the Weft Coaft of Africa, the cwt.

—	preferved, the lb.	-

Ginfeng, the lb.	....

Glafs, oi*.

—— Bottles, See Bottles.

—	Crown, German Sheet or any Kind of Window Glafs, not being Plate Glafe, the cwt.

—	Flint Glafs, the cwt.	-

—	Plate Glafs, for every Square Foot Superficial Meafure

—	Glafs Manufactures, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for every 100/. of the Value -

Glafs is alfo fubjeCt to a Duty of Excife. Glafles for Watches, See Watch Glafles.

Glovers* Clippings, fit only to make Glue, the cwt. -Glue, the cwt.	-

Goat Hair, See Hair.

■ ■ ■ Skins, See Skins.

£. /. d. I 10 o o 10 o 5© o ©

006

;i3 0

130

032

016

4 18 o

630

067 80 o o

049

O 12 O

Drawback.

£•	/•	dk

004

o o

o 1

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

Goat Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.

Gold Coin, See Bullion.

— Leaves, See Leaves.

—— Plate, See Plate.

Goods warehoufed.

For a Lift of thofe Goods which may be warehoufed or otherwife fecuredon Importation into Great Britain, without Payment of Duty in the Firft Inftance, See Table (F.)

Goofe Quills, See Quills. •

Grain, See Corn.

Grains, vis.

> -----  Guinea	Grains, the lb.

- -	Extract or Preparation of,

See Grains in ExtraCt.

■■ ■■ of Paradife, the lb.

-	Extract	or	Preparation of,

See Grains in ExtraCt.

£.

o

o

I. d.

2 O 2 O

Granilla, the lb.	....

Grapes, for every iooL of the Value

------- Rape of, See Rape of Grapes.

Grave Stones, See Stone.

Greafe, the cwt. -	.	-

Greaves for Dogs, the cwt.

Grogram Yarn, See Yarn.

Guaiacum Cortex, See Bark.

■ -------Gum, See Gum.

Guemfey, I (land of.

For the Conditions, Regulations and ReftriCtions under which Goods, Wares and Merchandife, • of the Growth, Production and Manufacture of the Iflands of Guemfey, Jerfey, Sark or Alderney, (Salt excepted, 38 Geo. 3. c. 89.; and Slate and alfo Stones, not being Burr Stones, See 34 Geo. 3. c. 51. and 42 Geo. 3. c. 95.) may be imported from thofe Iflands by the Inhabitants thereof, without Payment of any Duty, except fuch Excife or other Duty as (hall be- payable for the like Goods of the Growth, rroduCtion and Manufacture of Great Britain, See 3 Geo. 1. c. 4. But Foreign Goods having been lawfully imported into the faid Iflands, and Foreign Goods and .Commodities in part or fully manufactured in either of them, and which may legally be imported from thence into Great Britain, are fubjeCt to fuch Duties as are payable for the like Goods when imported from any Foreign Country of which they are the Growth, Product or Manufacture, See 3 Geo. 1. c.4.

o o 10 50 o o

0x8

020

Drawback. £. j. d.

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

£.	/•	d.	£.	/.	d.
0	1	3	0	0	10
0	1	10	0	1	3
0	1	8	0	1	1
0	12	0		—	
0	7	6	0	5	0
0	1	8	0	1	1
0	0	8	0	0	5
0	1	10	0	X	2
0	1	6	0	1	0
0	0	5	0	0	3
0	0	6	0	0	4
0	0	1		—	
0	0	6	0	0	4
0	0	8	0	0	5
1	0	0	0	13	4
0	3	6	0	2	4
0	S	3	0	3	6
0	0	10	0	0	6
0	X	3	0	0	9
0	19	0	0	12	8
0	0	10	0	0	6
0	1	3	0	0	9
0	12	a		—	
0	12	0				

Guinea Grains, See Grains.

■	Pepper, See Pepper.

- — Wood, See Red Wood in Wood.

Gum, vis.

—	Ammoniac, imported dire&ly from the Place

of its Growth, the lb.

-	-	-	-	imported not dire&ly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. -

-----Anime, the lb.

-----Arabic, the cwt.	•	-

—	■ Cake Lac, See Lac in Gum.

—	Cafhew, the cwt.	-

-----Copal, the lb.

■	Elemi, the lb.	-

-----Guaiacum, the lb.	-	-

-----Juniper, See Gum Sandarach.

-----Kino, or Gum Rubrum Aftringens, the

lb....................................

■■■	Lac, m.

-	- Cake Lac, the lb. -	-	-

-	- Lac Dye, the lb.

-	-	Lac	Lake, the lb. ...

-	- Seed Lac, the lb.

-	- Shell Lac, the lb.

-	-	Stick	Lac, the cwt.

-----Opopanax, imported diredly from the Place of

its Growth, the lb.

-	-	- - imported not direftly from the Place

of its Growth, the lb.

■■ Rubrum Aftringens, See Gum Kino.

—« Sagapenum, imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

-	-	-	- imported not dire&ly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. -—— Sandarach or Juniper, the cwt.

■■	Sarcocolla, imported dire&ly from the Place of

its Growth, the lb.

-	-	- - imported not dire&ly from the Place

of its Growth, the lb«

* Seed Lac, See Lac in Gum.

——- Senegal, the cwt.

-	-	- imported from any Port or Place in

Europe in a Britifh built Ship, the cwt.	-	-

For the Conditions, Regulation* and Reftric-tions under which Gum Senegal may be fo imported. See 25 Geo. 2. c. u.

—	Shell Lac, 1* T • n

-----Stick Uc,	]	See Lzcn Gum.

■	■ ■ Tacamahaca, the lb.

59 Geo. III.	Q

0 2 0

0 I 4

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty

Gum—continued,

Tragacanth, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

-	-	-	-	imported	not dire&ly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. -

-----Gum not particularly enumerated or defcribed,

nor otherwife charged with Duty, for every ioo/. of the Value	-

Gunpowder, the cwt.	-	-

Gutting Canvafs, See Canvafs in Linen.

Gypfum, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

—	the	Produce	of,	and imported from any

Britifh Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, tne Ton containing 20 cwt.

£. x.

o I o I

50 o 3 o

1 11

o 1

•	Drawback.
d.	£. x. d.
0	008
6	010
0	.
0	—
8	—
3	—?

H.

Hair, viz.

—	■■ Camels’ Hair, the lb.	...

—> ■■ Cow, Ox, Bull or Elk Hair, the cwt.

----Goats’ Hair, or Turkey Goats’ Wool, the lb. -

—	Hats made of Hair, See Hats.

-— Horfe Hair, for every 100/. of the Value -— Human Hair, the lb.	-

----Hair, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed,

for every 100/. of the Value Hair Powder, the cwt.	-	•

-------------perfumed,	or	perfumed	Du	ft,	the cwt.

Hams, See Bacon.

Handfpikes, See Wood.

Hare Skins, See Skins.

----Wool, See Wool.

Harp Strings,. See Catlings.

Hart Horns, See Horns.

Hats, viz.

—	Bail, Chip, Cane, or HorfeHair Hats or Bonnets,

-	-	-	-	each	Hat	or Bonnet not exceed-

ing 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen ...

- • - - each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22

Inches in Diameter, the Dozen

----Straw Hats or Bonnets,

.... each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen -

- - - - each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22

Inches in Diameter, the Dozen

—	made of or mixed with Felt, Hair, Wool or

Beaver, the Hat

0	I	8
0	18	4
0	O	6
20	O	0
O	5	0
20	0	0
9	*5	0
13	f3	0

100

2 .O jO

380 6 16 o o 10 6

TABLE (A.)— INWARDS.

Hay, the Load, containing 3 6 Truffes, each Trafs bong 561be.	-

Head Matter, See Train Oil in Oil-Heath for Brufhes, the cwt.

Hellebore, the lb.

Hemp, w*.

■ dreffed, imported in a Britifh built Ship, the cwt.	-

... imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the cwt.

- — .... rough or undreffed, or any other vegetable Subftance of the Nature and Quality of undreffed Hemp, and applicable to the fame Purpofes,

-	-	-	imported in a Britifh built Ship, the

cwt.	-	-

-	-	-	imported in a Ship not Britifh built,

the cwt.	...

... the Produce of the Britifh Plantations in America, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

Seed, See Seed.

Oil, See Oil.

Heflen Canvafs, See Canvafs in Linen.

Hides, m.

--------Buffalo,	Bull, Cow or Ox Hides in the Hair,

not tanned, tawed, curried or hi any way dreffed,

-	-	-	imported in a Britifh built Ship, the

Hide	-	-

-	-	-	imported in a Ship not Britifh built,

the Hide

-	-	-	tanned, and not otherwise dreffed;

the lb.	-

--------Buffalo,	Bull, Cow or Ox Hides in the Hair,

not being tanned, tawed, curried or in any way dreffed, imported from the Weft Coaft of Africa, the Hide	-

... Tails, See Tails.

■ —— Elk, See Skins.

— - ■■ ■ Horfe, Mare or Gelding, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried or in any way dreffed,

- - - imgirted in a Britifh built Ship, the

- - - imported in a Ship not Britifh built,

the Hide

*	-	-	tanned, and not otherwife dreffed,

the lb.

Q2

Duty.

£• /• d. 1 4 o

092

006

4 f5 0

500

092 o 10 4

o S o

o o 10 026 O I o

006

o o 10 026

OIO

Drawback. £. /. d.

004

J

£9'GEQ,IU*



*aa	a 52.

i.	■■ —f	mm....  I

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS,

Hides — continued*

—— Lafli Hides, the lb.

■---— Mufcovy or Ruflia Hides, tanned or coloured,

the. lb,	-	-	n

* i ■ < Hides, or Pieces of Hides, raw or undrefled, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, nor otherwife charged with Duty* imported from any British Colony or Plantation in America, for eyery ioo/. of the Valve

---Hides, or Pieces of Hides, raw or undrefled*

not particularly enumerated or defcribed* nor otherwife charged with Duty* for every tool, of the Value —— Hides, or Pieces of Hide^ tanned, tawed* curried or in any way drefled, not particu-Jady enumerated or defcribed, nor other-wife charged with Duty, for ey^ry iqq/. of the Value	-	-

Hog’s Lard, See Lard.

Hones, the ioo	...

Honey, the cwt.	-

Hoofs of Cattle, for every iooL of the Value

Hoops, viz*

---■ ■ • of Iron, the cwt.	-	-

-------of Wood, the xooo

Hops, the cwt.	-

Horns, Horn Tips, and Pieces of Horne* not other-wife charged with Duty, the cwt.

Horfe Hair, See Hair.

—	-■—■■■„ Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

-----Hides, See Hides.

Horfes, Mares or Geldings, each Hulled Barley, See Pearl Barky*

Human Hair* See Hair.

Hungary Water, See Spirited

Hulks or Knubs of Silk, See Knuba in, Silk,

Hufie Skins, See Skins.

D*ty.

£• x.

o I

o i

5 *7

20 O

75 o

* 3 o 15 20 o

1 3 o 15 8 11

0 S

6 13

I and J.

Jalap, the lb.	-	-	-	-.02

Jamaica Wood, See BraziUetto Wood in Wood*

Japonica Terra, See Terra.

Iceland Mofs, See Lichen Iflajidicuflu in Mob*

Jerfey, Ifland of. See Guernfey.

Jeflamine Oil, See OiL

Jefuits’ Bark, See Peruvian Bark in Bark.

Jet, the lb.	-	«	*.	-02

— Beads, See Beads.

Jet&un, See Derelid.

*

8

8

6

o

o

o

o

o

9

o

o

o

o

o

o

Drawback. £. 1. I

o 1

AJX18J&

*¥ GEO, tIL

C.5&

329

Jewels, Emeralds, Rubies and all other Precious Stones (except Diamonds), not otherwise enumerated or defcribed, not fet or hi any Way manufactured* for every ioo/. of the Value ■ — fet, Or in any way manufactured, for every ioo/. of the Value Jews9 Pitch, See Bitumen Judaicnrtu India Rubbers, See Caoutchouc.

Indian Corn or Maize, See Corn.

Indigo, the lb.	....

Ink for Printers, the cwt.	-

Inkle, on.

—	■ — unwrought, the lb.

----— wrought, the lb.	-	-

Ipecacuannae Radix, See Radix.

Ireland. The Duties and Drawbacks of Cuftoms on Articles the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, imported direCtly from thence, are not in any way altered, varied or repealed by any thing herein contained. Set the ACt to whicn this Table is annexed.

Iris Root, See Orice Root.

Iron, o/s.

—	in Bars, or unwrought,

-	- - - the Produce of any Britifh Colony or

Plantation* in America, and imported from thence, the Ttm containing so cwt*

-	- - - the Produce of any other Country,

-	- - - imported in a Britifh built Ship,

the Ton containing 20 cwt.

-	- - - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

—	flit or hannneted into Rods, and Iron drawn or

hammered, lefs than | of an Inch Square, --------- - importedin a Britifh

built Ship, the cwt.

--------- - imported in a Ship

not Britifh built, the cwt.

——■ Caft, for every 100/. of the Value ■ Hoops, See Hoops.

old broken, and old caft Iron, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	-

—	Ore, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

—	Pig Iron, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

-	- - - - the Produce of, and imported from the Britifh Plantations in America, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

Q 3

£. /. if.

20 b b Jfb o o

coy

i 1 o

o o 10

052

12 2

6 10 o 718 4

100

11 6 20 o o

o 17 6 089 o 17 6

080

£. *. d.

2S0

C. 52.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Iron — continued.  —	Wire, See Wire.  -	 wrought, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed,	£. x. d.	£. t. d.
for every ioo/. of the Value - . -	50 0 0	—
Ifinglafs, the cwt. ...	276	—■
tifh Plantations in America, the cwt.	0 15 10	—
Juice of Lemons, Limes or Oranges, the Gallon Juniper Berries, See Berries.  — ■■ ■ Gum, See Gum Sandarack.  ■ ■ Oil of, See Oil.  Junk, old, See Rags, old.  K,  Kelp, See Alkali.  Kidney Beans, See Beans.  Kid Skins, See Skins.  Kino Gum, See Gum.  Knees of Oak, See Wood.  Knubs of Silk, See Knubs in Silk.  L.  Lac, See Lac in Gum.  Lace, viz.	0 1 3	
—	— Silk Lace, for every ioo/. of the Value  —	Thread Lace, viz.  	under Cx. the Yard in Value, the	0  0  %	
Yard  ....... of 5/. and under iox. the Yard in	026	—
Value, the Yard .......of 1 or. and under 15/. the Yard	040	—
in Value, the Yani 	of 1 yx. and under 2ox. the Yard	049	—
in Value, the Yard .......of 2 ox. and under 2jx. the Yard	069	—
in Value, the Yard .......of 25/. the Yard in Value, or  upwards, for every 100/. of	*  00 • 0	
the Value -  Lagan, See Derelid.  Lake Lac, See Lac in Gum.  Lamb Skins, 1 c .  Slink, \S* Skm8* Lambs’ Wool, See Sneep’s Wool in Wool.	40 0 0	
Lamp Black, the cwt. ... Lapis, viz.	3 6 6	—
- Calaminaris, the cwt.	080	—
—— Lazuli, the lb.	032	—

t

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 52,

231

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.	Duty.  •	Drawback.
Lapis— continued.	L. /. d.	£. /. d.
—Tutiae, the lb. . -	o o 8	—
Lard, the cwt. - - -Lathwood, See Wood.  Latten, vis.	o 8 o	
—	■ Black, the cwt. - -  -	- ■ ■ Wire, See Wire.	O 00 O O	—
Lavender Flowers, the lb. -■ - Oil of. See Oil.  Lawns, See Linen.  Lazuli Lapis, See Lapis.  Lead, viz.	O O IO	
— ■ Black, the cwt. -	040	—
	Ore, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	I 16 0	—
	Fig, for every loot, of the Value	20 O O	—
— Red, the cwt. -	084	—
- - White, the cwt. - -Leaf Metal, See Metal.  . Leather, any Article made of Leather, or any Manufacture wnereof Leather is the moft valuable Part, not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, for every	O IO 4	
loot, of the Value - -	75 0 0	—
Leaves of Gold, the ioo Leaves	030	—
Leaves of Rofes, the lb. ... Lees of Wine, See Wine Lees.	0 0 10	—
Lemons, imported in a Britifh built Ship, the iooo -	imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the iooo  —			Peel of, the lb.  —	Prefcrved in Salt and Water, for every ioo/.	* * 17 6  005	
of the Value *  ..... in Sugar, &* Succades.	20 0 0.	
Lentfles, the Buihel Leopard SkinB, See Skins.*  Lexia Raifins, See Raifins.  Lichen Iflandicus, See Mofs.  Lignum, viz.  ■	Rhodium, See Wood.  Lime Stones, See Stone.  Limes, Juice of, See Juice^  Limonum Cortex, See Lemons, Peel of.  Linen, viz.  — - Cambricks and Lawns* commonly called French Lawns, plain, the Piece not exceeding 8  ♦ Q 4	0  OH  O  O	

C.52.

39° GEO. IIL

▲ J). 1819k

38

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Linen —- Cambricks and Lawns, continued.  Yards in Length, and not exceeding | of a Yard in Breadth  more, the Piece, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or	£• /* d.	£. M. 1
	096	0  *-  0
not -  ... exceeding 8 Yards in Length, or exceeding f of a Yard in Breadth, the Piece, and in that Proportion for a	020	
greater or lefs Quantity  more, the Piece, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not  Canvafs, viz.  - • - Hefien Canvafs or Dutch Barr as,  - - - imported in a Britifh built	0 12 O	0 $ 0
	026	
Ship, the 120 Ells more, the 120 Ells, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes	2 13 I	I 2 4
or not  - - - imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the 120 Ells  more, the 120 Ells, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes	Oil 2	—
	2 15 6	I * 4
or not  - - - Packing Canvafs, Guttings, Spruce, Elbing or Qu&nfborough Canvafs,  - - - imported in a Britifh built Ship, the 120 Ells more, the 120 Ells, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes	OIl8	
	i 15 8	0 15 0
or not  - - - imported in a Ship not Britifh	076	—
built, the 120 Ells  more, the 120 Ells, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes	L 17 4	0  M  0
or not  -■ Damalk Tabling of the Manufa&ure of the Kingdom of the United Netherlands, viz•	0 7 xo  f	

I

1 TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Linen — Damaik Tabling, continued.  ... not exceeding i £111 in Breadth, the	£* /. d*	£. #. d.
Yard  more, the Yard, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fccnredin Warehoufca or not  -	- - exceeding i £11 •§ and under a Elk in  Breadth, the Yard more, the Yard, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be Secured inWarehouses or not  -	- - of the Breadth of a Ells and under	O 10 0 0 2 0	042
	OIl6 0 2 6	0 4 10
3 Ells in Breadth, the Yard more, the Yard, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be Secured m Warehouses or not - - - of the Breadth of 3 Elk or upwards.	O 13 I 029	056
the Yard  more, the Yard, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be Secured in Warehoufesornot ■■ Damaik Tabling of the Manufa&ure of Sikfia, or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated or defcribed, the Square	O 19 O 040	080
Yard  more, the Square Yard, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehouses or not  —	■ Damaik Towelling and Napkhring of the Ma-  nufacture of the Kingdom of the United Netherlands, the Yard more, the Yard, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not  —	■■■ Damaik Towelling and Napkining of the Ma-  nufacture of Sikfia or of any other Place not otherwife enumerated or	0 2 6 0 0 6	010
	0 4° O O IO	018
defcribed, the Yard  more, the Yard, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not  	 * Diaper Tabling of the Manufacture of the  Kingdom of the United Netherlands, m.  - - - not exceeding 1 Ell f in Breadth, the	O I 3 0 0 3	006
Yard  more, the Yard, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in W arehoufes or not	O52  oil	022

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Linen — Diaper Tabling, continued*

-	- - exceeding i Ell \ and under 2 Ells in

Breadth, the Yard more, the Yard, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehouses or not ... of the Breadth of 2 Ells and under 3 Ells in Breadth, the Yard more, the Yard, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not ... of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, the Yard

more, the Yard, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not ■ — Diaper Tabling of the Manufacture of Silefia, or of any other Place not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, the Yard more, the Yard, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not ——— Diaper Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of the Kingdom of the United Netherlands, the Yard more, the Yard, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not -	■	Diaper	Towelling	and Napkining of the Ma-

nufacture of Silefia, or of any other Place not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, the Yard

more, the Yard, payable on the firft Entry thereof whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not ——■ ■ Drillings and Pack Duck, vix.

-	- - imported in a Britifh built Ship, tbe

120 Ells more, the 120 Ells, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifh built,

the 120 Ells

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not ■ > German, Switzerland, Eaft Country (except Ruffia), and Silefia Cloth, plain, vix*

£• /. d, 060

o 1	3

0 6 4

o 1 4 091

O I II 0	2X1

OO7 0 2 1 0 0 5

O I 3 0 0 3 4 II I

O 19 2 4 *5 0

100

£. /• d* 026

028

o 3 10

012

o o 10

006

i 18 4

1 18 4

Linen — German, &c. continued.

-	-	-	not exceeding 31£ Inches in Breadth,

.	.	.	•	• imported in a Britifh built Ship,

the 120 Ells more, the 120 Ells, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not

.	.	-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the 120 Ells

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not

-	-	-	exceeding 31$ Inches, and not ex-

ceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,

.... - imported in a Britifh built Ship, the 120 Ells more, the 120 Ells, pay-'	able on the firft Entry

thereof, whether to be •	fecured in Warehoufes

or not

...............imported	in	a	Ship not Britifh

built, the 120 Ells

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not

-	-	-	exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,

..... imported in a Britifh built Ship,

the 120 Ells

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not

-	-	-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the 120 Ells

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not

— — Hinderlands, Brown, under 22$ Inches in Breadth,

»	-	-	■ imported in a Britifh built Ship,

the 120 Ells

£. /• d.

2	18 3

o 12 3

3	0 4

o 12 8 6	29

1	5	10

t

6 6 8

1	6	8

989

1	19 9 9 14 9

2	10 I 13 3

Drawback. £. /• d.

1 4 4

1 4 6

2118

2118

3 19 6

3 19 6

o 14 o

I

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Lintn—• Hinderlands, &c. continued.

more, the iso EUs, payable on the firft Entry thereof, „	whether	to	be	iecured in

Warehoufes or not * - - - imported in s Ship not Britifh built, the ilo Ella -more, the 120 Ettt, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecund in Warehoufes or not

Lawns, viz.

• . . Silefia and all other Lawns, plain, (except Cambrieks and French Lawns,) not bleached in the Kingdom of the United Netherlands,

..... the Piece not exceeding 6 Yards in Length -

more, the Piece, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not

-	- - Silefia and all other Lawns,plain, (ex-

cept Cambricks and French Lawns,) bleached in the Kingdom of the United Netherlands,

.............the	Piece not exceeding 8

Yards in Length -

more, the Piece, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not

- Linen of the Maaufa&ure of the Kingdom of the United Netherlands, plain, not otherwise enumerated or described, viz.

-	- not exceeding 1 Ell i in Breadth, the

Ell	-

more, the Ell, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not -• - exceeding 1 Ell $ and under 2 EUs in Breadth/ the Ell -

more, the Ell, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not -

Duty.	Drawback.
£. 7. d.	£. x. I
070 1 14 10	0 14 0
074	—
0  o\	028
014*	—
0 711	0 $ 4
0  M  00	— '
0 2 11	O  M  t*
O to  0 0	O I 4
00  0  0	—

Linen, &c.—continued.

-	- of the Breadth of 2 Ells, and under

3	Ells in Breadth, the Ell more, the Ell, payable cnq the firft Entry thereof, whether to be Secured in Warehouse* or not -

-	-	of the Breadth of 3 Ella or upwards,

the EU -more, the EU» payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to he fecund in Warehouses or not -

------- Pack Duck, See DriUhgs in Linen.

------ ■ Rufiia Linen, plaia,

-	-	Towelling	and	Najdriuiag	of	the	Ma-

nufacture of Ruma,

-	-	- not exceeding 22k Inch** in Breadth,

- -* imported in a Britifh built Ship, the 1 ao Ella more* the 120 Ella, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be Secured in Warehouses

or

not

-	-	-	-	- imported hi a Ship not British

built, the 120 Etti more* the 120 Ells, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be Secured in WarehouSts or not -Ruffia Linen, plain, not otherwise enumerated or described,

-	-	- not exceeding 22^ laches in Breadth,

-	- imported in a Britifh built

Ship, the 120 Ells more, the iao Ells, payable on the firft. Entry thereof*, whether to be •	Secured	in Wareboufea

or not

-	- imported in a Ship not Britifh

buik, the 220 Ells more, the >20 Ella, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be Secured in Warehoufes or not - <

-	^ - exceeding 22i Inches, and not ex-

ceeding 31} Inches in Breadth,

£. r. 4 0 3 7

009

052

Oil

1 11 5

0	<S 7

1	14 2

072

1 12 3

069 1 13 n

o 7 1

£. i. (k

016

022

o 13 2

o 13 2

o 13 6

o 13 6

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Linen,—Ruffia Linen, &c. continued

-	- imported in a Britifh built

Ship, the 120 Ells more, the 120 Ells, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not

.	.	imported	in	a	Ship not Britifh

built, the 120 Ells

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not

-	-	-	exceeding	31$	Inches,	and not ex-

ceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,

-	-	imported	in	a Britifh built

Ship, the 120 Ells more, the 120 Ells, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not

-	- imported in a Ship not Britifh

built* the 120 Ells more, the 120 Ells, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not

-	-	-	exceeding	36	Inches,	and not exceed-

ing 45 Inches in Breadth,

-	- imported in a Britifh built

Ship, the 120 Ells more, the 120 Ells, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not

..............imported	in	a	Ship not Britifh

built, the 120 Ells

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not

-	- - exceeding 45 Inches in Breadth,

-	- imported in a Britifh built

Ship, the 120 Ells

Duty.	Drawback-
£. /. dm	£. /. <L
2 11 3	11 6
0 10 9	—
2 13 1	1 1 6
0 11 2	—
3 16 0	1 12 0
0  0  **  0	_
3 >9 4	1 12 0
0 16 8	—
6 17 5	2 17 10
i 8 11	
702	2 17 10
196	—
9 10 0	0  0

Linen,— Raffia Linen, &c. continued•

more, the 120'Ells, payable on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Warehoufes or not

- - imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the 120 Ells

more, the 120 Elk,pay-able on the firft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured hi Warehoufes or not

-- ■■■■ Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck, viz.

-	-	- not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,

-	- imported in a Britifh built

Ship, the 120 Ells

-	- imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the 120 Ells

-	-	* exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth,

• - imported in a Britifh built Ship, the 120 Ells

-	- imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the 120 Ells —Sauls, for every 100/. of the Value

Note.—Foreign made Saik on board any Ship or Veffel belonging to any of His Majefty’s Subjects, whether in ufe or not, are to be charged with the like Duties as Foreign made Saik imported by way of Merchandife, See 19 Geo. 2. c. 27. and the 54 Geo. 3. c. 66.

—— ■■ Linen, not being chequered or ftriped, or not being printed, painted, ftained or dyed, after the Manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn before the Manufacture, and not being otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for every 100/. of the Value -more, for every 100/. of the Value, payable on the nrft Entry thereof, whether to be fecured in Waifehoufes or not ■■■ Linen, chequered or ftriped, or printed, painted, ftained or dyed, after the Manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn before the Manufacture, not being prohibited to be imported into, nor worn, nor ufed in Great Britain, and not being otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for every 100/. of the Value	-

—	■■	German	and	Ruffia	Linen,	chequered	or

ftriped, the Thread or Yarn of which the

£. u J.

2 0 0 9 17 16

216

5 7 4 5 13 *

8 19 3

970 104 9 a

63 6 8

13 6 8

172 10 o

Drawback. £. /. 2

400

26 13 4

C. 52.

59° GEO. IIL

AJX1813.

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Linen— Rullia Linen, Scc. continued•	£. /. J.	£. /. 4
fame is made being coloured, ftained or dyed before the Manufa&ure, exported to any Ifland under the Dominion of His Majefty in the Weft Indies, in which Description the Bahama I (lands, and the Bermudas or Somers I (lands are included, for every i oo/. of the Value -Linen Yarn, See Yarn.  Linn Boards, See Boards in Wood.  Linfeed, See Seed.  		Cakes, the cwt.	002	117 10 0
■ 	 Oil, Set Oil.  Lion Skins, See Skins.  Lipari Raifins, See Raiiins.  Liquorice Juice, or Succus Liquoritiw, the cwt.	3 15 0	_
	5 10 0	_ I
Liquors. Foreign Liquors-—Dereli&, Jetfam, Flot-fam, Lagan, or Wreck, brought or coming into Great Britain, are fubje& to the fame Duties, and entitled t<f the fame Drawbacks as Liquors of the like kind regularly imported.  Litharge of Gold or Silver, the cwt.	3 3 4 020	~
Litmus, the cwt. ....	040	_ I
Liverwort, See Lichen Iflandkus in Mots.  Lobfters, See Filh.  Logwood, See Wood.  , Long Pepper, See Pepper.  Lo(h Hides, See Hides.  Lucerne Seed, See Seed.  Lupines, the cwt. ....	050	_
Luteftrings, Catlings. Mace, the lb.	046	0 4 0 I
* ■ ■ the Produce of, and imported from any Britifh Colony or Plantation, the lb. imported under Licence, the lb. - • For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Mace may be fo imported, See 3 & 4 Ann. c. 4. 8 Ann. c. 7. 6 Geo. 1. c. 21. and alfo 8 Geo. i. c. 18., which is continued by feveral Statutes, and by 49 Geo. 3. c. 20. made perpetual.  — Oil of, Set Oil,  Madder, viz,  -< > Mull Madder, the cwt. - - *	036	0 3 2
	046  020	J

Madder—continued.

-■	- Madder Root, and all unmanufactured Mad-

der, the cwt. -

------Madder in any way manufactured, the cwt.

Mahogany, See Wood.

Malta, Ifland of, and its Dependencies.

For the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods, Wares and Merchandife, being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, legally imported or brought into the Ifland of Malta or its Dependencies, and imported from thence into Great Britain, See Table B.

Man, Ifle of.

For the Conditions, Regulations and ReftriCtions under which the Inhabitants of the Ifle of Man may import dire6Uy from thence into Great Britain, Be dials or any Goods, Wares or Merchandife of the Growth, Produce and Manufacture of the faid Ifland, not being prohibited to be imported from thence; and Linen Manufactures made in the Ifle of Man of Hemp or Flax, not being the Produce thereof; and alfo Cotton Yarn or Cotton Cloth of the Manufacture of the faid Ifland, without Payment of any Cuftoms or Duties, except fuch Excife or other Duty as is or may be payable for the like Gooas or Merchandize 01 the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, See 5 Geo. 3. c. 43. 20 Geo. 3. c. 42.	34 Geo. 3. c. 51. and

45	Geo. 3. c. 99.

Mangrove Bark, See Bark.

Manna, the lb.	-	-	-

Manufcripts, Books.

Maps and Charts, plain or coloured, each Map or Chart, or Part thereof	-

Marble, See Stone.

Marbles for Children, See Toys.

Mares, See Horfes.

------ Hides, See Horfe Hides in Hides.

Marjoram, Oil of. See Oil.

Marmalade, the lb.	-	-

Martin Skins,! 0	01	*

------— Tail*, J ^ee Skln8'

Maftich, imported direCtly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. %

1" - imported not direCtly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.	•	-	*

59 Gw. III.	R

£. /. d.

050 o 15 o

£. 1. d.

o 1	3

020

o o 10

o	I	3

o	1	4

020

o o 10 o i 3

242

C.£2.

59® GEO. IIL

AJ). 1819.

TABLE {A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback. 1.
Mall*, See Wood.  Mats, viz.  ■ i i of Ruffia, imported in a Britifh built Ship,	£. s. d.	£. t. d. I
the I go -- - - - - imported in a Ship not Britilh built,	139	
the ioo - - - ' — not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, for	1 5 0	
every ioo/. of the Value	50 0 0		 I
Matting, for every ioo/. of die Value	50 0 0	—
MattreUes, for every ioo/. of the Value - - ’ Maw Seed, Set Seed.	50 0 0	
Mead or Metheglin, the Gallon  Subject alfo to a Duty of Excife.  Meal, See Corn. i Medals, viz.  -— of Gold or Silver, Duty free.  Value -	006	"
	*0 0 0	— I
; Medlars, the Bufhel -	0 5 0 1		 I
MelafTes, the cwt. -	« 3 9	
Britilh Plantations in America, the cwt. Melting Pots for Goldfmkhs, See Pots.	0 10 0	“
Mercury prepared, for every tool, of the Value . Metal, vis.	"3  0  0	
■ — — Bell Metal, the cwt. - - -		 ■ Leaf Metal (except of Leaf Gold), the Packet	too	
containing 250 Leaves - -Metheglin, See Mead.	qp  0  0	“
Mill Boards, the cwt. .... Millet Seed, See Seed.  Mill Stones, See Stone.  Mineral Water, See Water.  Minerals, not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, for	s * *	"
every 100/. of the Value  Mink Skins, See Skins.  Mohair Yarn, See Camel Yam in Yarn. MoUfles, See Mslafies.  Mole Skins, See Skins.	0  0  0	"
Morels, the lb. - -Morocco, Gibraltar.  Mof8>/ viz.	029	“
—- — Lichen Iflandicus, or Liverwort, the lb.  ■ Rock, for Dyers’ Ufe, the Ton containing 20	00  0  0	“
cwt. -  	 not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, for every	I 15 0	— 1
100/. of the Value ...	20 O O	MOT 1
Muks, each ..... Mum, See Beer.	JOO	1

«AJ).1SI9.

59° GEO. III.

C. 52.

243

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Mufical Inflruments, for every ioo/. of the Value Mufk, the oz. -Mufquafh Skins, See Skins.

Muftard Seed, See Seed.

Myrrh, imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.	-

------ imported not dire&ly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.	«-

Myrtle Wax, See Wax.

Duty.	Drawback.
£. e. d.	£. t. d.
50 0 0		
050	0 3 4
00  O	0 x 1
026	018

N.

Napkining, See Linen.

Nardus Celtics, the cwt. -

Nardus Indica, See Spikenard.

Nation, See Alkali.

Neft Boxes, See Boxes.

Neats Tongues, See Tongues.

Neroli Oil, See Oil of Orange Flower.

Nets, oix. Old Fifhiqg Nets, fit only for making Paper or Pafteboard, See Rags.

Nicaragua Wood, See Wood.

Nutmegs, the lb. -

---------- the	Produce	of,	and	imported	from	any

Britifh Colony or Plantation, the lb. -

......— imported under Licence, the lb. -

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions, under which Nutmegs may be fo imported, See 3 & 4 Ann. c. 4. 8 Ann. c. 7. 6 Geo. 1. c. 21., and alfo 8 Geo. 1. c. 18. which is continued by feveral Statutes, and by 49 Geo. 3. c. 20. made perpetual.

Oil of, See Oil.

Nutria Skins, See Skins.

Nuts, viz.

----- Cafhew Nuts, the lb.	-

----- Chefnuts, the Bufhel	-

---- Piltachio Nuts, imported dire&ly from the Place

of their Growth, the lb. ----- imported not dire&ly from the Place of their Growth, the lb.

—	Small Nuts, the Bufhel -

—— Walnuts, the Bufhel	-

—	Nuts not otherwife enumerated or defcribed,

for every 100/. of the Value Nux Vomica, the lb.

—	- - «	Ex trad or Preparation of, See Extraft.

R 2

100

O 3	6

026

036

020

040

o o 10

o i 3 040 040

so o o 026

0 '3 4

o’ 1 2 023

014

244

C.52,

590 GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.			Drawback.
	£.	s.	d.	£• /. d.
O.				
Oak Bark, See Bark.				
	Boards, See Boards in Wood.				
	Knees, See Knees of Oak in Wood.				
				
Oakum, the cwt. -Oars, See Wood.	0	4	9	—
				
Ochre or Oaker, the cwt. - -	0	6	9	
Oculi Cancrorum, See Cancrorum Oculi. Oil, viz.  — of Almonds, the lb.	0	0	10	
	of Amber or Succinum, the lb. - -	0	5	6	■
— of Anifeed, the lb.	0	4	0	
— of Bay, the lb. - - -	0	0	3	1 -
— of Cajaputa, the oz. - -	0	1	0	
— of Caraway, the lb.	0	2	6	_
—- of Cafiia, the oz. - - -	0	5	0	-
	of Caftor, the lb. -  — Chemical Oil, not otherwise enumerated or de-	0	1	3	—
fcribed, the lb. - - -	0	4	0	mmmm
— of Cinnamon, the oz. -	0	5	0	
	 of Cloves, the oz. -	0	2	0	
— of Cocoa Nut, the cwt. ...	0	2	6	MM
— of Fennel, the lb. - - -	0	4	0	
	 Fifh Oil, See Train Oil in Oil.				
— of Hemp Seed, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	33	5	0	_
	of JefTamine, the lb. -	0	4	0	■ - - -
— of Juniper, the lb. -	0	2	0	__
—— of Lavender, the lb. -	0	4	0	_
— of Linfeed, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -	33	5	0	—
— of Mace, the oz. -	0	2	6	_
	 of Maijoram, the lb. -	0	4	0		’
	 of Nutmegs, the oz. -  —of Olives, imported in a Britifh built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	0	2	6	—
	15	13	0	—
- imported in a Ship not Britifh built,				
the Tun containing 252 Gallons -	16	*3	0	—
— of Orange Flower or Neroli, the oz. -	0	2	0	—
— of Palm, the cwt. -  «— perfumed Oil, not otherwise enumerated or de-	0	2	6	
scribed, the lb. -	0	4	0	
-w of Pine, the lb. - - -	0	0	8	—»
—- of Rape Seed, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	33	5	0	—
— of Rhodium, the oz. -	0	5	0	

Oil—continued*

---- Rock OH, the lb.

----of Rofemary, the lb.

-— of Rofes, See Otto of Rofes.

—— of Rofewood, the oz.

—	Salad Oil, See Oil of Olives.

---- of Sandalwood, the oz.

—	of Saffafras, the lb.

—	Seal Oil, See Train Oil in Oil.

—	Seed Oil, not otherwife enumerated or defcribec

the Tun containing 252 Gallons —— of Spike, the lb.

----of Succinum, See Oil of Amber.

----of Thyme, the lb.

----Train Oil and Blubber, viz.

-	-	-	Blubber,	the	Produce	of	Fiih	or	Crea

tures living in the Sea, taken and caught by the Crew of a Britifh built Ship or Veffel, wholly owned by His Majefty’s Subje&s ufually refiding in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Iilands of Guemfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, regif-tered and navigated according to Law, and imported in any fuch Shipping, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

-	- - Blubber, the Produce of Fiih or Crea-

tures living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Iiland of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majefty’s SubjeAs* carrying on fuch Fiihery from that Iiland, or taken and caught wholly by His Majefty’s Subje&s ufually refiding in any of the Bahama or Bermudas Iilands, or taken and caught in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the Shores of any Britiih Colony or Plantation in North. America, or the Parts, adjacent, wholly by His Majefty’s Subje&s ufually refiding in any of the laid Colonies or Plantations, and carrying on fuch Fiihery from thence, and imported, di-re&ly from fuch Places, Iilands, Colonies or Plantations, in a Britiih built Ship or Veffel, owned, navigated and regiftered according to Law, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

For the Sufpenfion of the above Duty on Blubber, imported di-re&ly from the Jilana of New-R 3

£. /. d. o o 10 040

050

026

O 2'	6

33 5 o 040

040

a 5. 6

o 13

£.

PU-

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS*

Train Oil and Blubber, continued.

foundiand until the 5th July 1824,

> &rthe A& to which this- Table is I annexed.

-	- Blubbery the Produce of Fife or Crea- .

tures living in the Sea, taken and caught • wholly by His Majefty’s Subje&s ufu* : ally reading in any other Britife Colony, Plantation, Territory or Settlement, and, imported in a Britife built • Ship or Veflel, regiftered and navigated t according to Law, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	-	-	-	!

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions, under which Blubber may be admitted to Entry as. Britife taken and caught* on Payment of Duty as before-mentioned > (as the cafe may be)t, See the 1 49 Gbo. 3. c. 98- and the A£b to which thin Table is annexed.

-	- Blubber, the Produce of Fiih ov Crea* I

tures living in the Sea, of Foreign Fife-. ( ing, the Tun.containing 252 Gallons - j For the Conditions ana Regulations : according to- which the Quantity 1 of Oil contained in Blubber, im- ; ported from- the Greenland Sean . or Davis’s Streights, is to be f ascertained, See 39- 8c 40 Geo. 3* ‘ c. £ 1 • and 43	3*

-	- Train Oil, the Produce of Fife or Crea*

tures living in the Sea, taken and caught by the Crew of a Britife built Ship or Veflel, wholly owned by His Majcfty’b ; Subje&s ufually refiding in Great ' Britain, Ireland, or the Iftandfr of * Guernfey, Jfcrfey, Alderney, Sark or > Man, regiftered and navigated accord- ) ing to Law, and imported in any fticb : Shipping, the* Tun containing 252 Gallons -	-	--	»

-	- Train Oil, the Produce of Fife- or Crea-

tures living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Iflaod of Newfoundland and Pbrts actiacent, wholly by His Majefty’s Subjem. carrying on fuch Fifeery from that IiUuid^ or' taken and caught wholly by His * Majefty’s Subje&s ufually redding m

Duty.

£. /. d

y to to

aa 3 4

q 8	3

Drawback. 1 fi. r* d.

jlh im

*9*GE(X2IL

CS9.

*47

Ofl—Train Oilr continued.

any of the Bahama or Bermudas Iflands, * or taken and caught in the Gulph of St* LawKiat) or oa the Shores of any Britifli Colony or Plantation in North America, or tne Parte adjacent, wholly by His Majefty’s Subje&s ufuaUy redding in any of the faid Colonies or Plantations* and carrying on fuch Fiihery from thence, and imported di-redfcly from filch Places, Iflands, Colonies or Plantadona in a Britolh built Ship or Veflel, owned, navigated and regiftered according to Law, the Tua containing 250 GaDon*

For the Suijpenfioa of the above Duty oar Train Oil, imported di-re&ly fronr the Iflaad of Newfoundland, until the 5th July 1824,. See the A& to which thin Table is annexed*

-	- - Train Oil, the Produce of Fi& or Crea-

tures living in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His Majefty’s Subjje&s ufu-ally redding in any other Britifli Colony, Plantation, Territory* or Settlement, and imported in a Britifli built Ship or Veffel, regiftered and navigated according to Law) the Tua containing 252 Gallons	...

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&one* under which Train Cm may be admitted to Entry as Britilh taken and caught, on Payment of Daty as before mentioned (as the cafe may be), See the 49 Gen 3. e. 98* and the A& to which this Table is annexed*

-	-	-	Train	Oil, the Produce of Fifh or Crea-

tures living in the Sea, of Foreign Filing, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -— Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, the Produce at Fi(h or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught bv the Crew of a Britifli built Ship or Veflel, wholly owned by His Majefty’s Subjedta ufuafly redding in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Iflands of Guemfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark or Man, regiftered and navigated according to Law, and imported in any fueh Shipping, the Tun containing 25* Gallons R 4

Duty* £• /• d.

£.*•<&

too

8 6 3

n 5 «

o S j

248

C. 52.

59°. GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Oil — Spermaceti Oil, continued,	£. /. d.	£• s. d. I
— Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, the Produce of Fifli or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Ifland of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majefty’s Subjedls carrying on fucn Fifhery from that Ifland, or taken and caught wholly by His Majeily’s Subjects ufually re-fiding in any of the Bahama or Bermudas Iflands, or taken and caught in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the Shores of any Britifh Colony or Plantation in North America, or the Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majefty’s Subjedls ufually redding in any of the faid Colonies or Plantations, and carrying , on fuch Fifhery from thence, and imported dire&ly from fuch Places, Iflands, Colonies or Plantations in a Britifh built Ship or VeiTel, owned, navigated and regiftered according to Law, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	100	
For the Sufpendon 01 the above Duty on Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, imported dire&ly from the Ifland of Newfoundland, until the 5th July 1824, See the Adi to which this Table is annexed.  — Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, the Produce of Fifli or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His Majefty’s Subjedls ufually redding in any other Bntifli Colony, Plantation, Territory or Settlement, and imported in a Britifh built Ship or Veffel, regiftered and navigated according to Law, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	24 18 9	
For the Conditions, Regulations and Re-ftridions, under which Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter may be admitted to Entry as Britifh taken and caught, on Payment of Duty as before mentioned (as the cafe may be), See the 49 Geo. 2. c. 98. and the Adi to which this Table is annexed.  — Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, the Produce of -Fifli or Creatures living in the Sea, of Foreign Fifhing, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	34 >8 3	I
	 of Turpentine, the lb. - - -	0 0 8	— I
	of Vitriol, the lb. -	0 0 6	—— 1
	 Walnut Oil, the lb. - - -	0 0 6	— 1
	Whale Oil, See Train Oil in Oil.  —— Oil, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, nor otherwife charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value ....	O  O  O  ***	1

A.D.1819.

590 GEO. III.

C. 52,

249

Oker, See Ochre.

Olibanum, imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the cwt.	-

--------imported not dire&ly from the Place of

its Growth, the cwt.

Olive Wood, See Wood.

Olives, the Gallon	-	-	-

-----Oil of. See Oil.

Onion Seed, See Seed.

Onions, the Buihel .... Open Tapes, See Tapes. .

Opium, imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.	...

----- imported not dire&ly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.	...

-----Extra& or Preparation of. See Extra&.

Opopanax Gum, See Gum.

Orange Flower Oil, See Oil.

Orange Flower Water, the Gallon

Oranges, imported in a Britifh built	Ship,	the	1000

—-	imported in a Ship not Britifh built,	the	1000

--------Juice of, See Juice.

--------Peel of, the lb.	-

Orchal, Orchelia, or Archelia, the cwt.

Orchelia, See Orchal.

Ordinary Oil of Olives, See Oil.

Ore, viz.

£. /■ d.	£. /. d.
276	x 11 8
3 11 3	276
026	—
030	—
0  Os  O	0 6 0
0 13 6	090
032	
1 5 0	—
176	—
006	
0 16 8	—

— Copper, See Copper. ----Gold, See Bullion. .

-----Iron, See Iron.

—	Lead, See Lead.

—	Platina, See Platina.

—	Silver, See Bullion.

— Ore not otherwife enumerated «or defcribed, for	
every 100/. of the Value - -	20 0 0
	Specimens of, See Specimens.	
Orpiment, the cwt. ....	186
Orrice or Iris Root, the cwt. - -	1 8 6
Orfedew, the lb. -	0 1 3
Oftrich Feathers, See Feathers.	
— Wool, See Wool.	
Otter Skins, See Skins.	
Otto or Attar or Oil of Rofes, the oz.	060
Ounce Skins, See Skins.	
Outnal Thread, See Thread.	
Ox Hair, See Cow Hair in Hair.	

—- Hides, See Buffalo Hides in Hides. —— Horns, See Horns.

— Tails, See Buffalo Tails in Tails. Oyfilers, See Fiih.

G5&

$9° GEO. in.

A.D.1&1&

150

£. r. d.

£. /. d

fcack Duck, See Drilling? in Linen*.

Packing Canvafs, See Canvafs in Linen.

Pack Thread, See Thread. '

Painted Paper, See Paper.

Painters' Colours, not otherwife enumerated or described, for every tool. of the Value Paintings on Glafs, for every ioo/. of the Value Subjeft alfo to a Duty erf Eaciie.

Paling Bo^rd*, See Board? in Wood.

Palm Oil, See Oil.

Panther?’ Skins, See Skins.

Pantiles, See Tiles.

Paper, viz..

—— Brown Paper made of old Rope or Cordage only, without Separating- or extra&ing the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Multure of other Materials therewith, the lb. —- printed, painted or ftained Paper, or Paper Hangings, or Flock Paper, the Yard Square —■» ■— Wafte raper, or Paper of any other Sort not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwife chaiged with Duty, the lb. Paradife, Grains of, See Grains.

Parchment, the Dozen Sheets Pafteboarda, the cwt. ...

Paving Stones, See Stone.

■------Tiles, See Tiles.

Pearl A(hes, See Allies.

Pearl Barley, the cwt.	....

Pearls, for every ioo/. of the Value

Pear?, the Bufhet ...	-

-------dried, the Bulhel	-

Peafr, See Corn.

Pebble Stones, See Stone.

PelKtory, the lb.

Pelts, See Skins.

Pencils, for every ioo/. of the Value

-	-- of Slate, See Slate Pencils.

Pens, for every kx>A of the Value	-	-

Peony Seed, See Piony Seed in Seed.

Pepper, viz.

—-—	Cayenne Pepper, the lb.	-

* - -	■ Guinea Pepper, Capficum, or GhiHses, the Ms

Extra£fc or Preparation of Guinea Pepper, See Extract.

—	■> Long Peppej, the lb.

50 o o 80 o* o

0	0	10
0	1	7
0	1	7
0	IO	0
3	8	2
0	*7	6
5	©	©
0	7	6
©	10	0
0	0	6
5*>		0
SO'	0	©
		•
©	2	
©	2	*
0	2	0

004

AJX1A19.

59* GEO. IH.

a sa.

951

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.	Doty.	Drawback.
Pfcrfumed Duft, See Hair Powder. ■ ■■ Oil> See Oil.	€. /. d.	£. * /,
Perryr the Tun ccmtaking 252 Gallons  Subject alfo to a Duty of Excifc. Peruvianus Cortex, See Peruvian Bark in Bark. Pickles of all Sorts, aot otherwise enumerated or de-	17 1 a	
feribed, the Gallon: -Pi&uee Frames, See Frames.  Pi&ures, viz.  	 under Two Feet Square, the Pi&ure  		of Two Feet Square, and under Four Feet	05a  380	
Square, the Pi&ure 	 of Four Feet Square, or upwards, thr	6 16 0	—
Pi&ure -Pig Iron, See Iron.  	Lead, See Lead.  Pill Boxes, See Boxes.  Pimento, via.  	of the Britifh Plantations, tihe tix.  	 not of the Britifh. Plantations, the lb.  Pine Oil, See Oil.	i>a 4 0  a* 0 La ! 0 * 5	OO9
Pink Root, the lb. -Piony or Peony Seed, See Seed.	O Or ro	r Q> O 6
Pipe Boards, See Boards in. Wood-Piftachio Nuts, See Nuts.  Pitch, viz.		
— imported in a Britifh. built Ship, the cat.	; a 0 to	—
— imported in a Ship not Britifh hoik, the cwt. 	the ftoduce of aay Bakifh Colony or Plant-	0 a u	1 	
ation, the cwt. - - -	009.		*
—- Burgundy Pitch, the cwt. - - -  	Jew’s Pitch, See Bitumen. Judaic urn.  Plain Tiles, See Tiles.  Plants, Shrubs, and Trees alive. Duty free..	a 14 3;	
Plafter of Paris, the cwt. -Plate, viz.  	battered, fit only to he nenmufadured. See-  Bullion.	026	
	of Gold, the oz. Troy -		—
— of Silver Gilt, the oa- Trey -	0 6* 4		•
	of Silver, part Gilt^ the ez- Troy	0 6 0	—
- - - ungilt, the* oz. Tsoy Plated Wire, See Gilt Wine in. Wire*	046	i —
	f	1
Plate Glafs, See Glafs.		
Platina, the oz. - - «...	O L O	« —
Ore of, for every booLof the Value*  | Platting, or other Manufactures* to he ufed in os	5 0 0  t	
proper for making: Hats or1 Bonnot at mm 1 -		 of Baft, Chip, Cano: or fitarih Hair,, the lb.	•	
	.060	
| — of Straw, the lb. ...	i 0 I17 O-	

Playing Cards, See Cards.

Plums, dried, the lb.

Polifhing Rufhes, for every ioo/. of the Value

——- Stones, Sec Stone.

Polonia Wool, See Wool.

Pomatum, for every ioo/. of the Value

Pomegranates, the iooo -	-	-

------------- Peels	of, the cwt.

Poppies Heads, See Capita Papaverum.

Porcelain, See China Ware.

Portugal, Territories and Dominions of the Crown of.

Note. — Goods, Wares and Merchandife being of the Growth, Produce or Manufa&ure of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal, imported dire&ly from any of the faid Territories or Dominions, in a Ship or Veflel built in any of the faid Territories or Dominions, or taken by any Ship or Veflel of War belonging to the Portuguese Government, or by any Ship or Veflel belonging to any of the Subje&s of the Territories or Dominions aforefaid, having Commiffions and Letters of Marque and Reprifals from the Portuguese Government, and condemned as-lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty of the faid Government, fuch Ship or Veflel being owned by Subje&s of the (aid Government, and navigated with a Mailer and Three Fourths of the Mariners at leaft Subje&s of the faid Government, may be entered and landed on Payment of fuch Duties of Cuftoms and Excife, and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandife of the like Denomination or Description, upon their Im-

?ortation from any other Foreign Country in Iritifh built Ships or Veflels, owned, navigated and regiilered according to Law ; and in Cafes where different Duties are impofed upon any Goods, Wares and Merchandife, of the like Denominatioiror Defcription fo imported from different Foreign Countries, then, upon Payment of the lowefl Duties, which by Law are required to be paid on the Importation in Britifh built Ships or Veflels of any fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandife, from any Foreign Countiy; and on the Exportation of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandife, the fame Drawbacks fhall be paid or allowed as on other Goods of the like Defcription exported; and on the Exportation of any Goods to the faid

£. /. d.

°	1	3

20 o o

50 o o I 10 o o 15 O

Drawback. £• a d.

A/D. 1819.

• 59* GEO- III.

C. 52.

253

Portugal, dec. — continued.

Territories or Dominions, the fame Drawbacks (hall be paid or allowed as on the Exportation of Goods of the like Defcription, when exported to any of the Iflands, Plantations or Colonies, belonging to the Crown of Great Britain in America, See 51 Geo. 3. c. 47. which Aft is to be in force during the Continuance of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation, concluded between His Maiefty and His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent of Portugal. Signed at Rio de Janeiro, the 19th February 1810.

Pot Afhes, See Allies.

Potatoes, the cwt.	-

Pots, viz,

—	Melting Pots for Goldfmiths, the 100

—	of Stone, for every 100/. of the Value Pottery, See Earthenware.

Powder, viz.

— ■	of Brafs, for japanning, the lb.

—	■ of Bronze, for every 100/. of the Value

—	Gunpowder, See in G.

—	Hair Powder, See in H.

■	Powder, not otherwife enumerated or de-

feribed, that will ferve for the fame Ufes as Starch, the cwt.	-	-

Precious Stones, See Jewels.

Printers’ Ink, See Ink for Printers.

Prints and Drawings, viz.

------Plain, not exceeding a Foot fquare, each

-	- - exceeding a Foot fquare, each

------Coloured, not exceeding a Foot fquare, each -

-	exceeding a Foot fquare, each Pranelle Sal, See Sal.

Prunelloe8, die lb.

Prunes, imported in a Britifh built Ship, the cwt.

imported in a Ship not Britiih built, the cwt. Puddings, See Saufages.

Pumice Stone, See Stone.

Pyrmont Water, See Mineral Water in Water.

Q.

Qualfia, the cwt.	-

Extraft or Preparation of, See Extraft.

£. 1. d.

£.

032 50 o o

056 50 O o

9 10 o

o

o

o

o

0

1 I

8 17 6

Quebec.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftriftions under which Goods and Commodities of the

£54

ass.

59° GEO. IIL ■

A.D.1S1S.

TAJJLE (A.) —INWARDS.	D«y.	Drawback.
•Quebec—continued\  Growth or Production of any of the Coun- ; tries bordering on the Province of Quebec^ ; and legally brought by Land or Inland Na- , vigation into that Province, may be imported from thence and chained with Duty, or i exempted therefrom in uke manner aa if fuch . Goods and Commodities were of the Growth , or Production of Quebec, and imported di- i redtly from thence, Sne 30 Geo. 3. c. 09. I Quercitron, or Black Oak Bark, See Bark. 1 Quern Stones, See Stone.	£• /. d.	£• /. d.
Quickfilvor, the lb. -Quills, vita.  ■ — ■ Goofe Quills, the 1000 -  	 Swan Quills, the 1000 - -  Quinces, the 100 «... Quince Seed, See Seed.  R.  Raccoon Skins, See Skins.  Radix, vm.	018  026  0120  0401	O t 1
» — ■ Contrayervae, the lb*	018	0-2 1
■ 	Enulse Campanse, the cwt.	0 13 6	090
—— Eringii, the lb. — -	006	004
	 Ipecacuannae, the lb.	040	Ol8
■ ■ — Rhatanise, the lb. ...  - - - ExtraCl or Preparation of, See Extract. ,	010	O I 4
— Senekae, the lb.  ■■■— Serpentariae or Snake Root, the lb.  Rag Stones, See Stone.  Rags, vis.  ■■ old Rags, old Ropes or Junk, or old Fiibing Nets, fit only for making Paper or Pafteboard, the Ton containing 20 cwt.,  -	- - - imported in a Britifh built Ship  -	- - - imported in a Ship not Rritifh built —Woollen Rags fit only for the purpofe of Manure, the Ton containing 20 cwt.,  -	- - - imported in a Britilh built Ship  -	- - - imported in a Ship not Britifli built -Raifins, vis.  Ship, the cwt. 	imported in a Ship not Btt-	019	0 12
	019  t  160  I ID O  O 13 O O 15 O	0 12
	IOO	O l8 O
ti(h built, the cwt.-	I to	O l8 O

R aiiLos—continued.

------of the Sun, imported in a Britifh built Ship,

die cwt. -- -	-	-	imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the cwt.

------ of any other Sort, imported in a Britifh built

Ship, the cwt. ------ imported in a Ship not

Britifh built, the cwt. -Note.—No Allowance of the Duty on Raifins to be made on account of Damage.

Rape Cakes, the cwt. -

—	Seed, See Seed.

—	Seed Gil, See Oil.

----of Grapes, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

Ratafia, See Cordial Water in Spirits.

Rattans, See Canes.

Raw Linen Yarn, See Yarn.

----Silk, See Silk.

Red Lead, See Lead.

—• Mangrove Bark, See Bark.

-----Wood, See Wood.

----Wool, See Wool.

Reed Canes, See Canes.

Rein Deer Tongues, See Tongues.

Rennett, the Gallon	-

Refina Jalappar, the lb.	-	-

Rhatany Root, See Radix Rhatanix.

Rhinehurft, the cwt.	...

Rhodium Lignum, See Lignum Rhodium in Wood. Ou of. See Oil.

Rhubarb, the lb.

Rice, vis.

— the Produce of, and imported dire&ly from any Britifh Colony, Plantation, Territory or Dominion,

-	-	not	being	rough	and in the Hufk, the

cwt.	-	-	-

-	-	-	if	rough and in the Hufk, the cwt. -

---- not being the Produce of, and imported dire&ly

from any Britifh Colony, Plantation, Territory or Dominion, and Riee the Produce of any other Country or Place,

... not being rough and in the Hulk, the cwt.	-	-	-

-	- - if rough and in the Hufk, the cwt. Riga Balfara, See Bali am.

Roch Alum, See Alum.

Rock Mois, See Mofs.

Duty-

Drawback.

£. i. eL 226 236 120 13 © ;

0 0 2 1 II 1 4

€

9

0 H 3

040

5

2

o 15 o 10

1 i4 o 1 i4 o a o o too

046 096

0*8

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Rock Oil, See Oil.

Rocou, See Annotto.

Ropes of Baft, See Baft Ropes.

■	■■ ■ — New, See Cordage.'

■	Old, See Rags.

Rofe Copper, See Copper.

Rofemary, Oil of, See Oil.

Rofes, Leave* of. See Leaves

------Oil of, See Otto of Roles.

Rofe Wood, See Wood.

----------- Oil	of,	See	Oil.

Roiin or Calophonia,

■	■	■ ■ '	■	■■	imported	in	a	Britifh	built	Ship,	the

' Duty. £. /. d.

Drawback. £./. d.

cwt.	-

..............imported in a Ship not Britifh built,

the cwt. -	-

» ■■ ■■	the Produce of any of the Domi-

nions or Plantations belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, the cwt.	-

Round Wood, See Wood.

Rubies, See Jewels.

Rum, See Spirits.

Ruffia Linen, See Linen.

■ - Mats, See Mats.

Rye, See Com.

049

056

032

S.

Sabadilla Seed, See Seed.

Sable Skins,. See Skins.

Saccharum Satumi* the lb.

Safflower, the cwt.	-

Saffron, the lb.	-	-

Sagapenum Gum, See Gum.

Sau Cloth or Sail Duck, See Sail Cloth in Linen. Sails, See Linen.

Sal, vjp.

—— Ammoniac, the lb. -

--- Gem, the cwt.	....

---Limonum, the lb.

--- Prunelle, the lb.

--- Succini, the lb.	-

Salad Oil, See Oil of Olives.

Salep or Salop, imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, tne lb.

■ ■ .■■■■■■— imported not dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Salt, Duty free.

Salt i* fubjeft to a Duty of Excife.

o b 10 089 076

006

050

006

080

049

006

013 o o 10 O I 10	013

A.D.3819.

59°. GEO. III.

C 52.

257

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.

Saltpetre, the cwt.	-

Sand Boxes, See Boxes.

Sandal Wood, Oil of. See Oil.

Sandarach Gum, See Gum.

Sanguis Draconis, imported dire&ly From the Place of its Growth, the lb.

■ --------------- imported	not	dire&ly	from the

Place of its Grqprtn, the lb. -Santa Maria Wood, See Wood.

Sarcocolla Gum, See Gum.

Sark, Iiland of. See Guernfey.

Sarfaparilla, the lb.	-	-

Saflahras, the cwt. -	...

■■ Bark, See Bark.

-	■■ Oil of, See Ofl.

Saunders, viz*

■ ■ — Red, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	«-

----- ■ White or Yellow, the lb.

Saufages or Puddings, the lb.

Scaleboards, the cwt.	...

Scammony, imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

——— imported not dire6lly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Scilla, See Squills.

Scio, Turpentine of, See Turpentine.

Sculptured Marble, See Stone.

Sea Cow, Sea Horfe, or Sea Morfe Teeth, the cwt. -Sealing Wax, See Wax.

Seal Oil, See Train Oil in OiL

Duty.

£. s. d. 006

018

026

0 12 064

o 15 o o o 10 013 382

o 6

340

Drawback.

£. /. d.

Oil

018 o o 10

042

064

—	Skins, See Skins.

Seed, viz*

---- A mini or Amios Seed, the lb.

---- Annifeed, the cwt.	-

— Canary Seed, the cwt.	-

----Caraway Seed, the cwt.	-	-

—	Carrot Seed, the lb.	-

1	Carthamus Seed, the lb.

■■	■	Caftor Seed, the lb.	-

---- CevadiUa Seed, See Sabadilla Seed.

—	Clover Seed, the cwt.	-

---- Cole Seed, the Laft	-	-	-

----	Coriander Seed, the cwt.

----Cummin Seed* the cwt.,

----- Fennel Seed, the lb.	-	-	-

■	Fenugreek Seed, the cwt.

------ Flax Seed, the Bufhel	-

■	—	Foreft Seed, for every 100/. of the Value

■	—	Garden Seed, not particularly enumerated or

59 Gbo. III.	S

0	0	6
3	0	0
3	0	0
1	0	0
0	0	9
0	0	6
0	1	0
1	0	0
10	0	0
0	15	0
1	0	0
0	0	9
0	9	6
0	0	5
25	0	0

1

TABLE <A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

Seed—Garden Seed, continuedL

defcribed, nor otherwife charged with Duty, the lb.	-	-

■	Hemp Seed, the Quarter containing Eight

Bufhels	-

- -	- the Produce of, and imported from the

Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, the Quarter containing Eight Bufhels

■	■ - Hemp Seed, and all other Seeds not otherwife

charged with Duty commonly made ufe of for the purpofe of extra&ing Oil therefrom, (whenever the Price of middling Britifh Rape Seed fhall be at or above 17/. ioj. per Laft), fuch Seed being of the Growth of any of the Colonies, Plantations or Provinces belonging to His Majefty in North America, and imported from thence, the Laft containing Ten Quarters, each Quarter containing Eight Bufhels -

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reft ri&ions, under which fuch Seed may be fo imported on Payment of the laft mentioned Duty, See ic Geo. 3. c. 54., and 30 Geo. 3. c. 4r.

.... Hemp Seed, and all other Seeds not otherwife

charged with Duty, commonly made ufe of for the purpofe of extra&ing the Oil therefrom (whenever die Price of middling Britifh Rape Seed fhall be at or above 20/. per Laft), imported in a Britifh Ship* from any Country whatever, the Laft containing Ten Quarters, each Quarter containing Eight Bufhels For the Conditions, Regulations and Re* ftri&ions, under which fuch Seed may be fo imported on Payment of the laft mentioned Duty, See 15 Geo. 3. c. 34. 30 Geo. 3. c. 41. See alfo 35 Geo. 3. c. 117. continued by feveral Statutes and by 49 Geo. 3. c. 20. made per petual.

» - ■ Linfeed, the Bufhel

■	.. Lucerne Seed, the cwt.

>*■■■■ Maw Seed, the cwt.

■	■■■ — Millet Seed, the cwt.

-----Muftard Seed, the cwt.

— Onion Seed, the cwt.

■■ ■■ Piony, or Peony Seed, the lb.

----- Quince Seed, the lb. -	-

----- Rape Seed, the Laft

•— Satjadilla, or Cevadilla Seed, the lb. -

£. /• d.

. O I o o 17 6

o o 10

£. r. d.

040

040

0	0	5
0	12	6
3	0	0
0	11	6
0	9	4
2	10	6
0	0	6
0	3	0
10	0	0
0	1	0

TABLE (A.)-INWARDS.

Seed— continued.

—— Worm Seed, imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- -	- imported not dire&ly from the

Place of its Growth, the lb. -—Seed, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwife charged with Duty, for every 100/• of the Value	-	-

Seed Lac, See Lac in Gum.

—	Oil, See Oil.

Sena, imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

—	imported not dire&ly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

Senegal Gum, See Gum.

Senekse Radix, 1 « p Serpentariae Radix, j Shaven Latten, See Latten.

Shaving for Hats, See Platting.

Sheep Skins, See Skins.

------Wool, See Wool.

Shell Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Ships, with their Tackle, Apparel and Furniture (except Sails) for every ioo/. of the Value

■	■ — Tonnage Duty thereon, See Table E.

Shrubs, See Plants.

Shumach, See Sumach.

Sienna Terra, See Terra.

Silefia Lawns, See Lawns in Linen.

—	■ — Linen, See German Linen in Linen.

Silk, viz.

—	Knubs or Hulks of Silk, the lb.

■	■ i Raw Silk, the lb.	•

------ Thrown Silk, dyed, the lb.

----- not dyed, the lb.

—	Wafte or Flofs Silk, not otherwife enumerated

or defcribed, the lb.

Silk Worm Gut, for every ioo/. of the Value Silver Coin, See Bullion.

■"	■ Plate, See Plate.

—	Wire, See Wire.

Simarouba Cortex, See Bark.

Singing Birds, See Birds.

Sifters* Thread, See Thread.

Skates for Sliding, for every ioo/. of the Value Skins and Furs, viz.

—	Badger Skins, undrefled, the Skin

■	Bear Skins, undrefled, the Skin

* - - - undrefled, imported from any Britifh Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, th$ Skin S 2	■

Duty.	Drawback.
£• /. d.	£. x. d.
o *i 6	010
O 2 3	016
0  0  o	—
o  M  o*	0 0 10
o I io	013
50 0 0	—
0 4 0	01-8
056	039
256	0 19 2
0 14 S	062
040	018
20 0 0	
Vn  0  0  0	
016	O I 4
046	——
026	.m

A

Skins —continued.

—	Beaver Skins, undrefled, the Skin

*	- -	-	-	undrefled,	imported from any

Britifh Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin —— Buck or Deer Skins, See Deer Skins.

—	Calabar Skins, See Squirrel Skins.

—— Calves’ Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way drefled,

-	-	-	-	imported in a Britifh built Ship,

the Dozen Skins

-	-	-	-	imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the Dozen Skins

-	-	-	-	tanned and not otherwife drefled,

the lb.

—— Cat Skins, undrefled, the Skin

*	-	-	-	undrefled,	imported	from	any	Britifh

Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin

—	Coney Skins, undrefled, the ioo Skins

—	Deer Skins, undrefled, the Skin

-	-	-	-	undrefled,	imported	from	any	Bri

tifh Colony, Plantation or Set tlement in America, the Skin

-	-	Indian,	half drefled or fhaved, the Skin

—	— Dog Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

any way drefled,

-	-	- - imported in a Britifh built Ship, the

Dozen Skins

*	- - - imported in a Ship not Britiih built

the Dozen Skins —-— Dog Fifh Skins, undrefled, the Dozen Skins ■— ■ ■ Elk Skint in the Hair, not tanned, tawed curried, or in any way drefled,

- - - - imported in a Britifh built Ship

the Skin

- - - - imported in a Ship not Britifh built,

the Skin

—— Ermine Skins, undreffed, the Skin

—	- Fifhers’ Skins, undrefled, the Skin

-	-	-	-	undrefled,	imported from any

Britifh Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin ■	-	Fitches	Skins, undrefled, the Dozen Skins

—Fox Skins, undrefled, the Skin

*-	-	-	undrefled,	imported	from	any	Britifh

Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin

-	-Tails, undrefled, for every 100L of the

Value	-

£. /. J. o o 8

004

020

070

010

006

003

O I o

004

0 0 2 0 0 8

o o 10

056

052

0 2 0 OO8 OIO

0 0 6 0 2 2 0 0 8

OO4 to o o

Drawback. £. /. d.

007

o 2 10

Skins—continued.

__ Goat Skins, viz.

-	-	- raw or undrefled, imported in a Britifh

•	built	Ship,	the

Dozen Skins ----- imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the Dozen Skins .... tanned, the Dozen Skins Hare Skins, undrefled, the loo Skins —— Hufle Skins, undrefled, the Skin —— Kid Skins, in the Hair, the ioo Skins .... drefled, the ioo Skins

—	Kip Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, cur

ried, or in any way drefled,

-	-	- imported in a Britifli built Ship, the

Dozen Skins ...

-	-	- imported in a Ship not Britifh built,

the Dozen Skins

-	-	tanned and not otherwise drefled,

the lb. -

—	Lamb Skins, viz.

-	-	- - tannedor tawed, the ioo Skins -

.... drefled in Oil, the ioo Skins

—	Leopard Skins, undrefled, the Skin —- Lion Skins, undrefled, the Skin

—	Martin Skins, undrefled, the Skin

-	-	-	- undrefled, imported from any

Britifh Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin -

-	-	Tails, undrefled, the ioo Tails

—	Mink Skins, undrefled, the Skin .... undrefled, imported from any Britifh Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin -

-	-	- - drefled, the Skin

—	Mole Skins, undrefled, the Dozen Skins

—- Mufquafh Skins, undrefled, the ioo Skins - -

—	Nutna Skins, undrefled, for every ioo/. of the

Value ....

------ Otter Skins, undrefled, the Skin

* ... - undrefled, imported from any Britifh Colony, Plantation or Set-- tlement in America, the Skin -—— Ounce Skins, undrefled, the Skin ~ Panther Skins, undreffed, the Skin

—	Pelts of Goats, undrefled, the Dozen Pelts ..... drefled, the Dozen Pelts

-	- of all other Sorts, undrefled, the ioo Pelts -..........- Raccoon Skins, undrefled, the Skin

S 3

£>• s. d.	£•
o  N  o	—
O 12 8	
2 0 0	—
O56	—
0 0 6	—
OI7	O 1
2 0 0	
0 6 0	—
O l8 O	—
OIO	—
2 0 0	—
4 0 0	—
096	O 9
060	—
0 0 6	
OO3	
O l6 3	015
OO4	“
0 0 2	
0 2 0	—
0 0 6	0 0
0 12 6	—
20 O O	_
Ol6	—*
OIO	
076	—
096	—
030	—
0 6 0	—
0 17 0	—
,002	
«	

1

262

C.52.

59® GEO. III.

A.D. 1819» -

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback, f
Skins— Raccoon Skins, continued.	H	jL. /• d* 1
----- undreffed, imported from any Britifh Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin - - fc	OOI	_
— Sable Skins, undreffed, the Skin	O84	0 7 6 I
- - Tails or Tips of Sable, undreffed, the Piece - -	0 13	0 1 f
■■ — Seal Skin8 in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dreffed,  - - - - - - imported in a Britifh built Ship, the Skin	OO3	_
- - .... imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the Skin	0 13	_
- - - - cured with Foreign Salt, and imported in a Britifh built Ship, the Skin ...	0 0 3	_
- * - - of Britifh taking, and imported dire&ly from Newfoundland, the Skin	0 0 1	_
- ^ - cured with Foreign Salt, 1 the Skin	OOI	_
For the Sufpeniion of the above Duties on | Seal Skins, imported dire&ly from the I (land of Newfoundland, until the 5th July 1824, See the A& to which this Table is annexed.  For the Conditions, Regulations and Re-, drift ion s, under which fuch Skins may be fo imported upon Payment of the faid Duty, See 31 Geo. 3. c. 26. 32 Geo. 3. c. 22. and 49 Geo 3. c. 20.  	Sheep Skins, undreffed in the Wool, the Dozen  Skins ...	023	
- - - - tanned or tawed, the 100 Skins -	2 0 0		 I
- - - - dreffed in Oil, the 100 Skins	4 0 0		 I
— Squirrel or Calabar Skins, undreffed, the 100  Skins	on 6	0 10 4 I
- - - - - - - - tawed, the 100 Skins	0 17 6		 I
------- Tails, undreffed, for every  100/. of the Value	20 0 0	_
. - Swan Skins, undreffed, the Skin	023		 I
■ - Tyger Skins, undreffed, the Skin —— Weafel Skins, undreffed, the 100 Skins	096	0861
	0 4 9	0 4 3 1
■ Wolf Skins, undreffed, the Skin	020	
# - - - undreffed, imported from any Britifh Colony, Plantation or Settlement in America, the Skin -	010	_
- - tawed, the Skin ...	0 17 6		 1
—— Woherings, undreffed, the Skin	010	~ 1

Skins—Wolverings* continued1

-	-	undreffed,	imported	from	any	Bri-

tifh Colony, Plantation, or Settlement in America, the Skin - -■ Skins and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, raw or undrefled, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, nor otherwife charged with Duty, for every iqoL of the Value —— Skins and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way dreiTed, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, nor otherwife charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value -

The Duty on Skins, marked*, being the Produce of and imported dire&ly from the Ifland of Newfoundland, is fuf-pended until the 5th July 1824. See the A& to which this Table is annexed. Slate, See Stone.

Slate Pencils, for every 100/. of the Value Slate, Tables of,

Slates in Frames, See Stone.

Slick Stones,

Smalts, the lb.

Smyrna Raifins, See Raifins.

Snake Rodt, See Radix Serpentariae.

Snuff, Duty free.

rcry

1

Soap, viz.

------ Afhes, See Afhes.

—	Hard, the cwt. •

—	Soft, the cwt.

Soapers’ Wafte, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

Socotorina Aloes, See Aloes.

Soda, See Alkali.

Spa Ware, for every 100Z. of the Value

—— Water, See Mineral Water in Water.

Spanifh Wool, See Wool.

Spars, See Wood.

Specimens of fuch Minerals, Folds or Ores which are not particularly enumerated or defcribed, nor otherwife charged with Duty, each Specimen not exceeding in Weight I4lbs«, the lb.	...

■	■■	■	exceeding	in	Weight	i^bs.	each, for every

100/. of the Value -	-

Speckled Wood, See Wood.

Spelter, the cwt. -

Spermaceti, vi%*

—	Candles,	See	Candles.

S 4

d.

006

20 o o

.75 o o

d.

*	0  0  0
-	009$
	4 10 0
-	3i*3
m	032
-	V|  0  0  0

002

20 O o

8 6

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Spermaceti—continued.

-	----Fine, the lb.

---- ■■ Oil, See Train Oil in Oil.

Spike, Oil of, See Oil.

Spikenard, or Nardus Indica, the lb.	-

Spirits, viz.

------- Arquebufade	Water, Hungary Water, La-

vender Water, or Ufquebaugh, the Gallon

-	■ Brandy, imported in a Britifh built Ship, the

Gallon	-	-

-	- imported in a Ship not Britifh built,

the Gallon -

------- Citron Water, the Gallon

------ — Geneva, imported in a Britifh built Ship, the

Gallon	-

-	-	-	imported in a Ship not British built,

the Gallon	-

= lSSwS, } Arquebufade Water.

-------- ■ Rum, the Produce of any Britifh Colony or

Plantation in America, the Gallon -

-	-	of	any other Sort, the Gallon *

-	....Ufquebaugh, See Arquebufade Water.

1 ■ Spirits and Cordial, or Strong Waters not particularly enumerated or aefcribed, nor otherwife charged with Duty, the Gallon -Spirits are fubjed alfo to a Duty of Excife.

—- — ■ Foreign Liquors —Derelid, Jetfam, Flotfam, Lagan or Wreck brought or coming into Great Britain, are fubjed to the fame Duties and entitled to the fame Drawbacks as Liquors of the like kind, regularly imported. Spokes for Wheels, See Wood.

Sponge, imported diredly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

-	■ imported not diredly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.	-

Spruce Beer, See Beer.

-	■	■ Edence of, See Effence.

-	- - Canvafs, See Canvafs in Linen.

Squills, dried, the cwt.	-	-	-

------- not dried, the cwt.	-

Squirrel Skins, See Skins.	,

Stag Homs, See Horns.

Stained Paper, See Paper.

Starch, the cwt. -	-	-	-

StatuePof Marble or Stone}	Marble

fculptured,	- -f m Stone’

Duty.	Drawback.
£. /. d.	£. t. d.
o i 6	
*029	0 1 10
056	—
0 1 10	—
020	—
0 10 9	
0 1 10	—
020	—
0, 1 3	.
016	
056	—
0  0	O I 4
0  u>  O	020
IOO	w*mm
050	
9 10 0	—:

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.

Duty.	Drawback.
£. /. d.	£. d.
003	
180	0 18 8
-	
O  O  O	—
	1
0  0  0	—
O  O  O	—
O  O  &	—
3 16 0	—
6 3 6	
020	—
50 0 0	
026	. —
-	
026	—
0 0 10	—
006	_
20 0 0	
032	
064	—

Statues—continued.

—-----of Bronze or any Sort not otherwife charged

with Duty, the lb.

Stavefacre, the cwt.	-

Staves, See Wood.

Steel, or any Manufacture of Steel, not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, for every ioo/• of the Value	-

---- Wire, See Wire.

Stibium, Antimony.

Stick Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Sticks, vi*. Walking Sticks, for every ioo/. of the Value	-	-	-

Stock Fifh, See Fifh.

Stockings, vi%.

of Cotton, for every ioo/. of the Value -of Thread or Worfted, for every ioo/. of

the Value Stone, vi*.

—	Burs for Mill Stones, the ioo

See the Note under the Head of Guernfey.

—	Dog Stones, not exceeding 4 Feet in Diameter,

above 6 and under 12 Inches in Thicknefs, the Pair -	-	-

------ Emery Stones, the cwt. -

—	Filtering Stones, for every 100/. of the Value

—	■■ Flint Stones for Potters, the Ton containing

20 cwt. -	-	-	-	-

—	Grave Stones of Marble polifhed, each not

containing more than 2 Feet fquare, the Foot fquare, fuperficial Meafure

,,/,ied, the Foot

Ee,	fuperficial

ure

- -	-	-	not	of Marble, polifhed or unpolifh-

ed, the Foot fquare, fuperficial Meafure

—— Lime Stone, for every 100/. of the Value —— Marble Bafins, Tables, Mortars, and other polifhed Marble, (except Grave Stones and raving Stones, polifhed, each not containing more than 2 Feet fquare,) the Foot fquare, fuperficial Meafure ...» — Marble Blocks, the Solid Foot — Marble Bulls, -	-

* - - Chimney Pieces fculp-1 See Sculptured tured, -	-(	Marble.

- - - Statues, -	-	-	J

266

C. 52.

590 GEO. III.

A.D. 18)9.

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Stone continued,  -—. Marble Paving Stones pobihed, each not containing more than 2 Feet fquare, the Foot fquare, fuperfi-	£. 1. d.	
cial Meafure « ....... rough, the Foot fquare.	0 0 10	
fuperficial Meafure -i Mill Stones above 4 Feet in Diameter, or if 12	006	~
f Inches in Thicknefs, or upwards, the Pair -■■■ Paving Stones, not of Marble, the 100 Feet	1180	
. fquare, fuperficial Meafure	0 12 0	— 1
■ ■ ■ Pebble Stones, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	0 13 6	—. 1
	Poliihing Stones, for every 100/. of the Value	20 0 0	— j
----« Pumice Stones, the Ton containing 20 cwt. — Quern Stones, under 3 Feet in Diameter, and not	1 *3 4	
exceeding 6 Inches in Thicknefs, the Pair - - - 3 Feet m Diameter, and not above 4 Feet in Diameter, and not exceed-	089	
ing 6 Inches in Thicknefs, the Pair	0 17 6		 I
—— ■■■ Rag Stones, for every 100/. of the Value	20 0 0		 I
—— Sculptured Marble and Statuary, the cwt.  Note.—If any Statue, Group of Figures, or other Stone or Marble Ornament carved out of the fame Block fiiall exceed One Ton Weight, the Duty to be charged thereon (hall be eftimated at the Rate payable for One Ton Weight and no • more.  — Slate, the Produce of the Iilands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Sark, Alderney or Man, and imported from thofe I (lands refpe&ive-	026	’
ly, for every 100/. of the Value - - - of any other Country not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for every 100/.	26 S 0	“
of the Value -	66 10 0	— I
■ - Slates in Frames, the Dozen	030	—
■	' Slick Stones, the 100 ...  ■			 Statuary, See Sculptured Marble.  — Stone, the Produce of the Iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Sark, Alderney or Man, and im* ported from thofe Iilands refpe&ively, for	080	"
every 100/. of the Value - -See the Note under the Head of Guernfey. For the Conditions, Regulations and Re* ftri&ions under which Burr Stones, being the Produce of Guernfey, Jerfey, Sark, Alderney or Man may be imported Duty free, See 42 Geo. 3. c. 95.	26 8 0	" |

AJD.1819.

59° GEO. IIL

C. 52.

267

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Stone — continued•  —	Stone, fculptured, See Sculptured Marble.  —	Stone to be ufed for the purpofe of Lithogra-  phy, the cwt. - - - -  	 Whetftones, the ioo -  	 Stones not particularly enumerated or described,  nor otherwife charged with Duty, for every iooL of the Value -  —	Stone Bottles, See Bottles.  Storax or Styrax, viz.  	 Calamita, imported dire&ly from the Place of	£. /. d.  IOO  089 66 10 0	!v  * 11 1  4
its Growth, the lb.  - - - imported not dire&ly from the Place	0 a 0	0 1 4
of its Growth, the lb.  ■ ■ — Liquida, imported diredly from the Place of	0  0	020
its Growth, the lb. imported not dire&ly from the Place	034	022
of its Growth, the lb.  — ■■ ■ in the Tear or Gum, imported dire6Uy from the  Place of its Growth,	0  0	0 3 4
the lb.  ------ imported not dire&ly from  the Place of its Growth,	0  00	056
the lb.  Straw Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.  	 Platting, See Platting.  Stuffs of all Sorts, made of or mixed with Wool, for every ioo/. of the Value - • Sturgeon, See Fifh.  Styrax, See Storax.  Succades, the lb. - - ... Succini Sal, See Sal.	0126  50 0 0 032	*  * | |  0
Sucdnum, the lb. ....  	 Oil of, See Oil of Amber in Oil.  Succus Liquoritise, See Liquorice Juice.  Sugar, viz.  	not of the Britifh Plantations,  .... White or Clayed Sugar, the cwt. • - - - - Brown or Mulcovado Sugar, the cwt. -■ of the Britifh Plantations,	018  468 3 3 0	Oil
- - - White or Clayed Sugar, the cwt. -	1 15 0	— -
- - - Brown or Mulcovado Sugar, the cwt.  Whenever it (hall appear by Notice ip The London Gazette that the Average Price of Brown or Mufcovado Sugar fhafi be below 49#. the cwt., it (hall be lawful for the Lords of His Majefty’s Treafury to fuf-pend until a new Average fhall be publifhed 2/. the cwt. Part of the Duty on Sugar; and if the Average Price (hall be below 48/.,	1 10 0	

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Sugar — continued.

2s. the cwt. of fuch Duty; and if the Average Price (hall be below 47/. then 3/. the cwt. of fuch Duty, and to continue from time to time if the Cafe (hall fo require, according to the Average Price fo publilhed. See the A& to which this Table is annexed. —■— Refined Sugar, the cwt.

Note.—The Duties on Sugar imported are to continue in force until the 25th March 1820. See the A& to which this Table is annexed. Sugar Candy, viz.

■ ■	Brown, the cwt.	-

-—« White, the cwt.	-

Sulphur, Imprellions, for every 100/. of the Value -—Vivum, See Brimftone.

Sumach, the cwt. -

Sun, Raifins of the, See Raifins.

Swan Quills, See Quills.

— Skins, See Skins.

Sweep Walkers’ Dirt, containing Bullion, See Bullion. Sweet Wood, See Wood.

Switzerland Linen, See German Linen in Linen.

Duty. £. /. d*

8	8	0
5	12	0
8	8	0
50	0	0
0	1	7

Drawback*

£. ;. d*

T.

-See Skins.

Tables of Marble, polifhed, See Marble in Stone.

■ - Slate, See Stone.

Tacamahaca Gum, See Gum.

Tails, viz.

—— Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox Tails, the 100

—	■ Fox Tails,	^

—	Martin Tails,	f <

------ Sable Tails,	fa

—	Squirrel or Calabar Tails,)

Talc, the lb. -	-

Tallow, imported in a Britifh built Ship, the cwt.

------ imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the cwt.

------Candles, See Candles.

Tamarinds, the lb.	...

Tapes, viz•

—Open, for every tool, of the Value

—	■■ Worfted, for every 100/. of the Value Tapeftry, not of Silk, for every 100/. of the Value Tapioca, the lb. -

Tar, viz.

——— imported in a Britifh built Ship, the Laft containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31$ Gallons	-

060

008

032

040

008

50 o o 50 o o 50 o o 006

1	1	6

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.

Tar—continued.

—	imported in a Ship not Britilh built, the Laft

containing 12 carrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31^ Gallons -

—	the Produce of any Britifh Colony or Plantation,

the Laft containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31 £ Gallons

—	Barbadoes Tar, the lb.	-

Tares, for every 100/. of the Value

Tarras, the Buftiel	....

Tartar, Cream of. See Cream of Tartar.

Tea, imported from Europe under Licence, Duty free. For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Tea may be fo imported. See 18 Geo. 2. c. 26. 6 Geo. 3. c. 13. and 16 Geo. 3. c. 51.

Tea is fubje& to a Duty of Excife.

Teake Wood, See Wood.

Teafles, the 1000	-

Teeth, viz.

—	Elephants9 Teeth, See in E.

-----Sea Cow, Sea Horfe or Sefa Morfe Teeth, See

in S.

Telefcopes, for every 100/. of the Value •

Terra, viz.

-----Japonica, or Catechu, the lb.

-----Sienna, the cwt.	-	-

-----Umbra, the cwt. ...

-	 -	Verde,	the cwt.	-	-

Thread, viz.

-■ ■■ ■ Bruges Thread, the Dozen lbs. -

■ Cotton Thread, for every 100/. of the Value

-	..Outnal Thread, the Dozen lbs.

—Pack Thread, the cwt.

-	■	- Sifters Thread, the lb.

—	Whited Brown Thread, the Dozen lbs.

—	■ ■ - not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for

every 100/. of the Value ——	' Stockings, See Stockings.

Thrown Silk, See Silk.

Thyme, Oil of, See OH.

Ticking, for every too/, of the Value Ticks, for every 100/. of the Value Tiles of all Sorts, for every 100/. of the Value Timber, See Wood.

Tin, the cwt. .... Tincal, See Borax.

Tin Foil, for every 100/. of the Value Tobacco, Duty free.

Tobacco is fubjeft to a Duty of Excife.

Duty.	Drawback.
£. /• d.	£• x. d.
1 3 0	—
0 19 6	
005	—
20 0 0	—
0 1 3	
00  IH  0	—
0  0  0	
O O IO	- .
i 11 8	—
0120	_
0 16 0	—
1 10 6	
50 0 0	
1 10 6	_
1 10 6	—
084	
1 16 6	—
0  0  0	—
50 0 0	
50 0 0	— •
jo 0 0	—
593	—
50 0 0	—

C. 52.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
	£. /. </.	£. 1. d.
Tobacco Pipes, for every ioo/. of the Value	50 0 0	—
Tongues, the Dozen -	030	—
Tonnage Duty on Ships or VeiTels entering Inwards from Foreign Parts, See Table E.  Tooth Powder, for every ioo/. of the Value	50 0 0	
Tornfal or Tumfole, the cwt. -	0 10 0	_
Tortoife Shell, the lb. -	040	_
Touch Stones, for every ioo/. of the Value	20 0 0	—
Tow, imported in a Britifh built Ship, the cwt. *	096	—
	 imported in a Ship not Britilh built, the cwt.	6 10 4	—
Toys, for every ioo/. of the Value *	50 0 0	—
Tragacanth Gum, See Gum.  Tram Oil, See OU.  Treacle of Venice, the lb. - -	036	
Trees, See Plants.  Truffles, the lb. - - -	056	
Turbith, imported dire&ly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.	026	018
Growth, the lb.	0 3 9	026
Turbots, See Fifh.  Turkey Carpets, See Carpets.  Turkey Goats* Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair. Turmerick, the lb.	008	*0  0  0
Turnery not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for every ioo/. of the Value ...	50 0 0	- - 1
Tumfole, See TornfaL Turpentine, viz.	o 4 4	
otherwife enumerated or defcribed, the cwt-	0	0 10  1	6 t	006
Tutne Lapis, See Lapis.  Twine, the cwt. - - w	in 0	
Twift for Band Strings, See Band String Twift. Tyger Skins, See Skins.  V.  Vahmia, the cwt. -	026	
Vanelloes, the lb.	0 16 b	
Vamifh, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for every ioo/. of the Value -	go 0 0	- 1
Vafes, viz,  ■ ■■ ■ - of Stone or Marble Sculptured, See Sculptured Marble in Stone.  — of any other Sort, for every ioo/. of the Value Vellum, the Skin «	1  50 0 0 072	-1

AJX1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.52.

271

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Velres, See Calves’ Velves.	£. s. d.	£. s. d.
Venice Treacle, See Treacle.  	Turpentine, Set Turpentine.  Verdegris, w*.  	Common, the lb.  the lb.	034  066	—
Verde Terra, See Terra.  Veijuice, the Ton containing 252 Gallons	61 7 0	_
Vermicelli, the lb.	008	_
Vermilion, the lb. -	020	0 1 4
Vetches, See Tares.  Ufers, See Wood.  Vinegar, or Acetous Acid, the Ton containing 252 Gallons ....	61 7 0	

VincDoes, See Vandloes.

Vitriol, Extra# or Preparation of, See Extract.

■	-	Oil	of.	See	Oil.

Umber, See Terra Umbra.

Vomica Nux, See Nux Vomica.

Ufquebaugh, See Spirits.

W.

Wafers, the lb.

Waiofcoat Boards, See Boards in Wood.

—	Logs, See Wood.

Walking Canes, See Canes.	*

------- Sticks,	See	Sticks.

Walnut Oil, See Oil.

Walnuts, See Nuts.

Warehoused Goods.

For a Lift of thofe Goods which may be warehoused, or otherwife Secured on Importation into Great Britain, without Payment of Duty in the Firft Inftance, See Table F.

Wafliing Balls, See Balls.

Wafte, vis.

—	■■	» Cotton Wafte, See Cotton Wool in Wool.

—	■■ ■■ Silk Wafte, See in Silk.

Watch Glaftes, for every iooL of the Value Subie# alfo to a Duty of Excife.

Watches of Gold, Silver or other Metal, for every iooL of the Value	-

Water,

vis.

Arquebufade," Citron,

Cordial,

Hungary,

Lavender,

See Spirits.

o i 3

8o o o 50 o o

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.

Water — continued.

■	-----Mineral or natural Water, the Dozen Bottles

or Flafks, each Bottle or Flafk not exceeding Three Pints	-

--------Strong	Water,	See Spirits.

Wax, viz.

■	— Bees* Wax, unmanufactured, the cwt.

- - -	-	White	or manufa&ured, the cwt.

----- Myrtle Wax, the lb.	-

----- Sealing Wax, for every ioo/. of the Value

----- Candles,	See	Candles.

Weafel Skins, See Skins.

Weld, the cwt. -Whale Fins, was,

■ ■ ------ taken	and	caught by the Crew of a Bri-

tifh built Ship or VefTel wholly owned by His Majefty’s Subjects ufually re-liding in Great Britain, Ireland or the Ulands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark or Man, regiftered and navigated according to Law, and imported in any fuch Shipping, the Ton containing 20 cwt. -	-

—>— ■ ■ taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the I (land of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Maiefty’s SubjeCh, carrying on fuch Fifnery from that Ifland, and redding therein, and imported dire&ly from thence in a Britifh built Ship or Vef-fel regiftered and navigated according to Law, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

For the Sufpenfion of the above Duty on Whale Fins imported direoly from the Ifland of Newfoundland, until the 5th of July 182A, See the A& to which this Table is annexed.

, -----------  taken	and	caught wholly by His Ma-

jefty’s Subje&s ufually refiding in any of the Bahama or Bermudas Iflands, or in any Britifh Colony or Plantation in North America, and imported in a Britifh built Ship or VefTel, regiftered and navigated according to Law, the Ton containing 20 cwt. *

■	—......  -■	taken	and	caught wholly by His Ma-

jefty’s Subjects ufually redding in any other Bntifh Colony, Plantation,

Duty.

£• x. cL

040

366 636 010 50 o o

029

Drawback. £. x. d.

276

3 3 4

4 15 o

AD.-1$19.

W®GEd. Ilf.

C. 5 f. .*>

t7S

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Whale Fins—continued.

Territory’ or Settlement, and imported in a Britifh built Ship or Veflel regiftered and navigated according to Law, the Ton containing 20 cwt. -

... ■ —.- .i. of Foreign Fifhing, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	-	-

'	For	the Conditions Regulations

and Reftri&ions under which Whale Fins may be admitted to Entry as of Britifh Fifhing, See 49 Geo. 3. c. 98. and the A& to which this Table is annexed.

Whale Oil, See Train Oil in Oil.

Wheat, See Corn.

■	 Flour,	See Corn.

Whetftones, See Stone.

Whipcord, the lb.

White Boards for Shoemakers, See Boards in Wood.

Whited Brown Thread, See Thread.

White Lead, See Lead.

Wick Yarn, See Yam.

Wine, vrz.

■	—	the	Produce	of	His	Majefty’a	Settlement of

the'Cape of Good Hope, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, imported dire&ly from thence,

•	- • in a Britifh built Ship, the Tun con-

taining 252 Gallons - • - in a Snip not Britifh built, the.Tun containing 252 Gallons

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reilri&ions, under which Cape Wine mud be imported and admitted to Entry, See $\ Geo. 3. c. 77.

■ — French Wine,

•	-	-	imported in a Britifh built Ship, the

Tun containing 252 Gallons .	•	.	imported in a Ship not Britifh built,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons G«man Wino.J ^	wine.

---- Hungary Wine,

---- Madeira Wine,

- • - imported m a Britifh built . Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons • - - imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the Tun containing 252 Gallons For the Duty* on Madeira Wine imported in a Portuguefe Ship

69.Gao.IIL'	T

Duty.	Drawback.
£./. d.	£. x.
6 6 8  95 0 0	’ —
010	—
' N M ■* '*  V*1 00 *4 0 0	12 19 0 12 19 0
' -<r 	  *4 04  O O	59 l7 0 59 l7 0
.44 * ©  47. 5 0	39 18 0  . 3$ >8 0

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.

Wine— Madeira Wine, continued.

or Veffel, See the Note on Portugal Wine.

—	■- Portugal Wine,

• . - imported in a Britifh built Ship, the Tun containing 25a Gallons -» -	-	imported	in a Snip not Britifh built,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons Note.—'Wine of the Produce of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal, imported into Great Britain direoly from any of the faid Territories or Dominions, in a Ship or Veffel built therein, •or taken by any Ship or Veffel of War belonging to the Portuguese Government, or by any Ship or Veffel belonging to any of the Subje&s of the Tern* tones or Dominions aforefaU^ having Commiffions or Letters of Marque and Reprifal from the Portuguese Government, and condemned as lawful Prise in any Court of Admiralty of the faid Government, fuch Ship or Veffel fo importing, being owned by Subje&s of the laid Government, and navigated with a Mailer and Three fourths of the Mariners at lenft Subjt&s thereof, may be entered and landed on Payment of fuch Duties of Cuftoms and Esrifc, and no higher, an are payable* on fuch wine when imported into Great Britain in a Britifh built Ship. See yi Geo. c, 47. which Aft is to be m force during the Continuance of the Treaty of Amity, Com* merce and Navigation,concluded between His Majefly and His Royal Highnefs the rrince Regent of Portugal. Biped at Rio de Janeiro die 19th Pc. binary 1810.

—	■ Rhenifh, German and Hungary Wine,

»/ « - imported in a Britifh built Ship, the Tun containing 2.52 Gallons

Duty*



43 * * 4* 4 o

66	5	o

Drawback.

£- «» i*

38 17 o 38 17 o

59 >7 0

AD. 1819.

«r geo. m.

C .59.

#7

)

Wiae — Rhenifh, ficc. continued.

-	♦ - imported m a Ship not Britifh built,

the Tun containing 25a Gallons » —- fipanifh Wine, and Wine not otherwife enumerated or deferibed,

-	- - imported in a Britifh built Ship, the

Tun containing 252 Gallons

-	v - imported in a Ship not Britifh built,

the Tun containing 252 Gallons -For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions, under which a Drawback (hall be allowed of all the Duties of Cuftoms on certain Quantities of Wine, in certain Proportions intended for the Ufe of Admirals, Captains and other Commiffioncd Officers employed in His Majefty’t Service, for their a&ual Confump-tion on board fuch Ships as they (hall ferre in, or for the '	Ufe	of Commiffioned Officers

of the Royal Marines, or of Perfons afting as fuch, for their Confomption, on board fuch of His Majefty’s Ships as they Audi ferve in, See 33 Geo. 3. c. 48,— 35 Geo. 3. c. 10.— 38 Geo. 3. c. 33. — 45 Geo. 3. c. 45.*~49 Geo. 3. c. 98., and 53 Geo. 3. c. 44.

Wine, entered for Prifage, in any of thofe Ports in England and Wales, where the. Right of Prifage has not been purchased by the Crown, under the Authority of the Aft* of 43 Geo. 3. c. 156. and 4.6Geo. 3. c.79., viz.

-■ the Produce of His Majefty’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, imported dkeftly from thence, fo entered for Prifage,

. « . • in a Britifh built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

-	-	-	-	in	a	Ship not Britifh built, the

Tun containing 252 Gallons -—- French Wine, fo entered for Prifage,

-	- - . imported in a Britifh built Ship, the

Tun containing 252 Gallant

T 2

d.

70 7 o

43 «

46 4 o

59 *7 o

j8 17 e

38 17 0

U If O

14 o o

,8 16

11 18 o II 1$ *

5* 9

f

Wine—French Wine, &c. continued.

-	•	•	- imported in a Ship not Britifh

• • ■	huik,	the	Tun containing 252

Gallon* •

Z=	Wi”-

•»—*— Madeira Wine, fo entered for Prifage,

-	-	-	- imported in a Britifh built Ship, the

Tun containing 252 Gallons

-	-	-	- imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -	-

See the Note under the Head of Portugal Wine,

-----Portugal Wine, fo entered for Prifage,

-	- -	- imported in a Britifh built Ship, the

Tun containing 252 Gallons

-	-	-	-	imported	in	a	Ship	not	Britifh

built) the Tun containing 252 Gallons -See the Note under the Head of Portugal Wine.	.

■	- Rhenifh, German and Hungary Wine, fo en-

tered for Prifage,

-	... imported in a Britifh built Ship, the

Tun containing 252 Gallons . -

•	-	-	-	imported	m	a	Ship	not	Britifh

built) the Tun containing 252 Gallons	-	-	-

—----Spanifh Wine, and Wine not otherwife enu-

merated or defcribed, fo entered for Prifage, ‘

•	-	-	-	imported in a	Britifh built Ship, the

Tun containing *52 Gallons

-	-	-	-	imported	in	a	Ship	not	Britifh

built, the Tun containing 252 Gallons	-	-

Wine is alfo fubjed to a Duty of Excife.

For the Conditions' under whicn a Drawback can only be allowed on the Exportation of any Wine from Great Britain, See the Ad to which this Table is annexed.

Wine Lees, fubied to the fame Duty as Wine, but no Drawback is allowed on Lees of Wine exported.

Winteranus Cortex, See. Winters Bark in Bark. Wire; tee.

■ Brafs or Copper, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, the cwt. -	-

—• Gtk or plated, for erery tool of the Value -

£. i. d. 63 o o

39 iS o 43 * o

38 17 o 42 o o

56 14 o 59 *7 0

3* 17 o

4200

5 *4 .50 o o

Drawback. £. /. d.

5* - 9 ®

35 «S o 35 13 o

35 *4 ^ 35 >4 0

52 to o 52 to o

35 *4 o 35 *4 o

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Wire—amtinued.

—	Iron, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed,

the cwt. -

----- Latten, the cwt.

----- Silver, for .every ioo/. of the Value

----- Steel, the lb.

Wood, the cwt.	...

Wolf Skins, See Skins.

Wolverines, See Skins.

Wood, w*.

-------Anchor Stocks, w*.

-	-	-	imported in a Britifh built Ship, the

Piece	-

-	- - imported in a Ship not British built,

the Piece	-

... of the Growth and Produ&km of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from thence, the Piece

—	- ■ ■ Balks, i»«.

• ."under 5 Inches fquare and under 24 Feet in Length,

J ...	. imported in a Britifh built

Ship, the 120

-	- - imported in a Ship not Bri-

tifh built, the 120 —	^	All	Balks,	being 5

Inches fquare or upwards, are fubje6t and liable to the Duties payable on Fir Tim-•'	-	her.	See	Fir Timber.

...	-	of all Sorts, under 8 Inches fquare,

of the Growth and Produ&ion of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from thence, the 120 ■ —— Bar Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

■ Battens, viz.

-	-*	-	8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding

20 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2} Inches in Thick-nefs,

-	- - imported in a Britifh built

Ship, the 120 • - -	- imported in a Ship not

Britifh built, the 120 -	-	- exceeding 20 Feet in Length, not

above 7 . Inches in Width, or T 3

Duty.

£.

4.

y 18 9

5 9 3 50 o o

•O I*IO

066

or 8	4

089

o o 10

18 ‘ a 7 18 9 o

o 16 3 o 15 o

10 11	6

10 16 -2

Drawback.

£• f. d.

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Wood—Battens, &c. continued.

if exceeding 2^ Inches in Thicknefs,

• - - imported in a Britifh built Ship, the 120 - • * imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the 120

.....— Batten Ends, viz.

- • - under 8 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2} Inches in Thicknefs,

-	• * imported in a Britifh built

Ship, the 120

- - * imported in a Ship not

Britifh built, the 120	-

- - - under 8 Feet in Length, not'above 7 Indies in Width, and exceeding 2$ Inches in Thicknefs,

• - - imported in a Britifh built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship nit

Britifh built, the 120

-	■ f-Battens and Batten Ends of all Sorts, of

the (irowth, and Production of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from thence, the 120

-	■—— Beech Plank, Two Inches ia Thicknefs or

upwards,

------- imported ift a Britifh built

Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet imported in a Ship not Britiih built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

•	.........of all Sorts, of the Growth

and Production of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the ito Beech Quarters, viz.

•	• • - under 5 Inches fquafe, and under

24 Feet in Length,

- - - imported in a Britifh built Ship, the 120 • - - imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the 120

•	• • * f Inches fquarc, and under 8 Inches

lquftre, dr if 94 Feet ift Lda«th or upwwdk.

Doty.

Drawback.

iL /. d.

ai 3, o ai ia 4

3 11 3

3 «3 »

7 j o 790

084

389

a to o

084

4 to 8 4 1* 3

Wood—»Bcech Quarter* &c. continued.

-	- - imported in a British built

Ship, the lao . - - imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the 120 . ... of all Sorts under 8 Inches fquare of the Growth and Production of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from thenoe, the 120

■ ■■ ■■ — Boards, sh.

• . • • Beech Boards, m.

-	- - under 2 Inches in Thickhefs,

. and under 15 Feet in Length,

•	- imported in a Britifh

built Ship, the 120 -

•	• - imported in a Ship not

Britifh built, the iao -• - • Under 2 Inches in Thicknefs, and if 15 Feet in Length or upwards, ... imported in a Britifh built Ship, the 120 -... imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the 120 - . - - Clap Boards, viz.

-	- - not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches

in Length, and under 8 Inches fquare,

... imported in a Britifh built Ship, the 120 -

-	- - imported in a Ship not

Britifh built, the 120

•	- - of the Growth and Produ&ion

of the Britifh Colonies nr Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from thence, the 120 «... Linn Boards, or White Boards for Shoemakers, viz.

•	- - under 4 Feet in Length, and

under 6 Inches in Thicknefs,

... imported in a Britifh built Ship, the 120 -

-	- - imported in a Ship not

Britifh built, the 120 T 4

£. d.

ix 3	6

12 7 to

o i-6	3

d.

4 ^ 6-

4 13 6

8	19. o

9	7	0

620

650

O IX 4

6	16 6

7	1	o

Wood—Linn Boards, &c. continued.

-	- - 4 Feet in Length, or 6 Inches

in Thicknefs or upwards,

-	- - imported in a Britifh

built Ship, the 120 -^	-	imported	in	a	Ship not

Britifh built, the 120

-	. • - Oak Boards, viz.

-	- - under 2 Inches in Thicknefs,

and under 15 Feet in Length,

•	- - imported in a Britifh

built Ship, the 120 -

-	- - imported in a Ship not

Britifh built, the 120

-	. - under 2 Inches in Thicknefs,

and if 15 Feet in Length or upwards,

* • - - imported in a Britifh built Ship, the 120 -

-	- - imported in a Ship not

Britifh built, the 120 . • > • Paling Boards, viz. k	...	- hewed on one Side, and not

exceeding 7 . Feet in Length,

-	- - imported in a Britifh

built Ship, the 120 -

•	- - imported in a Ship not

Britifh built, the 120 • - • - hewed on one Side, and exceeding 7 Feet in Length,

-	- - imported in a Britifh

built Ship, the 120 -

-	- - imported in a Ship not

Britifh built, the 120

-	- - Pipe Boards, viz.

- - - above 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and not exceeding. 8 Feet in Length, and under 8 Inches fquare,

-	- - imported in a Britifh

7 built Ship, the 120 -

-	- - imported in a Ship not

Britifh built, the 120

-	- - exceeding 8 Feet in Length,

and under 8 Inches fquare,

£. x. d.

13	I3 0

14	2 o

18	1 o

1813	9

36	* o

37	7 6

* 17 3

I l8 IO

3 >4 <5

3 >7	8

£. 1. d.

9 3® 9 5 3

I

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS,

Wood—Pipe Boards, &c. continued.

-	- - imported in a Britjfh

built Ship, the 120 -

-	- - imported in a Ship not

Britifh built, the 120 - - - of all Sorts, exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches fquare, oftheGrowth and Production of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported diredtly from thence, the 120 . . - Wainfcot Boards, vi%.

‘	.........the Foot containing 12 Feet

in Length and 1 Inch in Thicknefs, and fo in proportion for any

Cater or lefler ngth or Thicknefs,

- - - imported in a Britifh built Ship - - - imported in a Ship not Britifh built -■ Boards of all Sorts* not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, of the Growth and Production of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported diredtly from thence, the 120	-	-

■	Bowfprits,	See	Mads.

------- Boxwood of the Growth and Produ&ion of

the Britifh Colonies, Plantations or Settlements in America, or of the Wed Coad of Africa, and imported diredtly from thence refpe&ively, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

----- of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwife imported, the * Ton containing 20 cwt,

------- Brazil Wood, not particularly enumerated or

defcribed, nor otherwife charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value -- Braziletto or Jamaica Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt. -------- Cam Wood, the Ton containing 20* cwt.

Doty.	Drawback.
£. /. d.	•£- /. d.
18 6 0	—
18 10 6	
0 19 6	—
056	
064	—
0  00	—
* 13 4	—
7 18 6	—
20 o' 0	—
0 16 8	
0 15 0	

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Wood—cmUmued.

- Deals, vs%.

. . . above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 10 Feet in Length, and not ex* ceeding i£ Inch in Thicknefs,

-	. - imported in a Britifti built Ship,

the 120	-

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifti

built, the 120 A Drawback is allowed on Deals above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 1 j Inch in Thicknefs, which {hall have been ufed’ and employed in any of the Mines of Tin, Leaa or Copper, in the Counties of Devon or Cornwall,

^ ■ ■ having been imported in a • Bntifti built Ship, the 120

- - - having been imported in a Ship not Britifti built, the 120	•

For the Conditions and Regulations under which the Drawback fliall be paid oral-lowed on fuch Deals fo ufed and employed, See 51 Geo. 3. cap. 43. and 33 Geo. 3* cap. 105.

-	- - above 7 Inches in Width, being 8

Feet in Length, andnot above 20 Feet in Length, and not ex* ceeding 3^ Inches in Thicknefs, ( except Deals not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding i£ Inch in Thick* nefs),

* - - imported in a Britifti built Ship, the 120	-

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifti

built, the 120.

-	- - above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet

in Length, and not above 20 Feet in Length, and exceeding 3} Inches in Thicknefs,

Duty.

Drawback.

£. /. J.

826

870

4 * 3

4	3	6

20	15 8

21	10 8

Wood — Dells, See. continued.

-	- - imported in a Britiih built Ship,

the 120

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britiih

built, the 120 . - - above j Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 4 Inches in Thicknefs,

-	- - imported in a Britiih built Ship,

the 120	-

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britiih

built, the 120	...

... (not being Timber 8 Inches fquare or upwards) above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and exceeding 4 Inches in Thicknefs,

... imported in a Britiih built Ship, the 120	-	-	-

... imported in a Ship not Britiih built, the 120

■ »— Deal Ends, w*.

.	.	-	above	7 Inches in Width, being under

8	Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3^ Inches in Thicknefs,

... imported in a Britiih built Ship, the 120	-

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britiih

built, the 120 • * - above 7 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length, and exceeding 3^ Inches in Thicknefs,

-	- • imported in a Britiih buih Ship,

the 120

... imported in a Ship not Britiih built, the 120

—------  Deals	and	Deal Ends of all Sorts, of the

Growth and Produ&ion of the Britiih Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dife&iy from thence, the 120 —— Ebony of the Growth and Produ&ion of th« Britiih Colonies, Plantations or Settlements in America, Or of the Weft Coaft of Africa, and imported di-

£. /. d. 41 11	4

43 * 4

Ji 9	2

52 16 2

100	6 o

101	17 9

7	1	9

7 7 3

*3 !4 9 14 5 o

084

Drawback. £• /• d.

TABLE (A.)-INWARDS.

Duty.

Wood— Ebony,*&c. continued.

re&ly from thence refpec-tively, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- - - - of the Growth and Produ&ion of any other Country or Place, or if otherwife imported, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

........ Firewood, not fit or proper to be ufed other

than as fuch, viz. the Fathom 6 Feet wide, and 6 Feet high,

-	- - imported in a Britifti built

Ship -

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifti

built	-	-

-	-	of	the Growth and Produ&ion of the

Britifti Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported diredly from thence, the Fathom 6 Feet wide, and

£• /. d. o iy o

24 14 o

o 19 o O 19 IQ

6 Feet high Fir Quarters, viz.

. -	-	under	5 Inches fquare, and under

24 Feet in Length,

... imported in a Britifti built Ship, the 120

... imported in a Ship not Britifti built, the 120 Fir Quarters being 5 Inches fquare or upwards, are fubje& and liable to the Duties payable on Fir Timber. See Fir Tiro-

o o 10

18 2 7 18 9 o

ber.

-	- - of all Sorts, under 8 Inches fquare, of

the Growth and Produ&ion of the Britifti Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from %	thence,	the	120

Fir Timber, See Timber.

Fuftic, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

Guinea Wrood, See Red Wood.

Handfpikee, viz.

-	- - under 7 Feet in Length,

-	- - imported in a Britifti built Ship,

the 120

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifti

built, the 120

0	16 3

1	4	6

276

2	9	1

Drawback. £. r. d.

Wood—Handfpikes, &c. continued.

... 7 Feet in Length or upwards,

-	- - imported in a Britifti built

Ship, the 120

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifti

built, the 120 ...	-	-	of	the	Growth	and Production of the

Britifti Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported direCtly from thence,

-	- - under 7 Feet in Length, the

120

-	- - 7 Feet in Length or upwards,

the 120

— - Knees of Oak, vi%.

-	-	-	under	j Inches fquare,

... imported in a Britifti built Ship, the 120

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifti

built, the 120

-	-	-	5	Inches	fquare,	and under 8 Inches

fquare,

-	- - imported in a Britifti built Ship,

the 120

-	- imported in a Ship-not Britifti

built, the 120

-	- - 8 Inches fquare or upwards,

... imported in a Britifti built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifti

built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

• -. - of the Growth and Produ&ion of the Britifti Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from thence,

-	- - under 8 Inches fquare, the

120

-	- - 8 Inches fquare or upwards,

the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

— ■■	■	Lathwood,	vi%.

-	- - in Pieces under 5 Feet in Length, the

Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high,

-	- - imported in a Britifti 'built

-. . Ship -	-	-

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifti

built -	-

/• d* *

4 15 o 4 18	2

023

046

0120

0	12	8

4	17	6

5	* 6

1	II o

1 13 4

o 8 4 056

4	17	6

5	* 6

£. t. d.

28«

C .52.

br GEO. ill.

A-D. 181$.

Wood — Lathwood, &c. continued'•

•	-	-	in	Pieces	5	Feet	in	Length	or	up-

wards, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high,

• • - imported in a Britifh built Ship ... imported in a Ship not Britim built	-	-

•	- - of the Growth and Produ&ion of the

Britifli Colonies or Plant* ations in America, and imported dire&ly from thence in Pieces of all Sorts, the Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high

■.....- Lignum Rhodium, the cwt.	-	*

-■ » Lignum Vitae of the Growth and Produ&ion of the Britifli Colonies, Plantations or Settlements in America, or of the Weft Coaft of Africa, and imported dire&ly from thence refpe&irely, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

-	- - of the Growth and Produ&ion of any

other Country or Place, or if other-wife imported, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	-

■ Logwood, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

.......Mahogany of the Growth of Bermuda, or of

any of the Bahama Iflands, and imported dire&ly from thence refpec-dvely ; and Mahogany imported dire&ly from the Bay of Honduras in Britiih built Ships cleared out from the Port of Belifle, the Ton containing 20 cwt-	-	«

-	- - imported not dire&ly from Bermuda,

or from any of the Bahama Iflands, dr imported not dire&ly from the Bay of Honduras; or any Mahogany being of the Growth of any other Country or Place, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

— ■■ ■ Mafts, Yards or Bowfprks, viz.

-	-	-	6	Inches in Diameter, and under

8 Inches,

- - - imported in a Britiih built Ship, each ... imported in a Ship not Britifli built, each

-	- - 8 Inches in Diameter, and wider

12 Inches,

£• d.

7 5 ° 780

£. #. A

060

100

OIK 2

4 12	8

0 9 2

3 16 o

11 17 6

096 o 11 o

Wood— Mafh, Jse» amlintied.

•	. . imported in a Britifh built

Ship, each

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, each

»	-	-	is	laches in Diameter, or upwards,

-	• . imported in a Britifh built

Snip* the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

•	. - imported in a Ship not Brkiih

built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet -.	.	»	of	the	Growth	and	Produ&ion of the

Brhiih Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported diredly from thence,

•	- • 6 Inches in Diameter and under

8 Inches, each

. - - 8 Inches in Diameter and under 12 Inches, each

-	- - 12 Inches in Diameter or up-

wards, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet For the Conditions, Regulations and Reflri&ions under which Mafts, Yards and Bowfprits fit for Naval Purpofes, of the Growth or Produce of any Britifh Colony or Plantation in North America, may be imported from thence Duty free, Sse 46 Geo. 3. c. 117. continued by fubfequent A&s, and by the 35 Geo. 3. c. 86. further continued until the 25th March 1820*

—	■ ■ ■ Nicaragua Wood* the Ton containing zocwt.

—	* - Oak Flank, vi%.

- - 2 Inches in Thicknefs or upwards,

• - - imported in a.Britifn built Ship, the Load containing joCubic Feet -. * - - imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet •	-	of	all	Sorts,	of	the	Growth	and	Pro-

duction of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dure&ly from thence* the 120

7 9

3 5 0

380

o 3 084

1 to 6

1 6

5 16 6

606

* * 4

Wood—continued.

---------- Oak	Timber,	See Timber*

.	—	Oars,	vi%. •

•	- - imported in a Britifh built Ship, the 120 . - - imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the

120

-	- - of the Growth and Production of the

Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from thence, the 120

■	.	—	Olive	Wood of the Growth and Produ&ion

of the Britifh Colonies, Plantations or Settlements in America, or of the Weft Coaft of Africa, and imported direCtly from thence refpeCtively, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

•	- - of the Growth and Produ&ion of any

other Country or Place, or if ‘	otherwife imported, the Ton con-

taining 20 cwt.

— Red or Guinea Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

■	■ ■	■	Rofe	Wood,- the cwt.

■	Round	Wood, vi%.

-	- - in Pieces under 8 Inches fquare, and

under 6 Feet in Length,

-	- - imported in a Britifh built

Ship, the 120

-	- • imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the 120

-	- - in Pieces under 8 Inches fquare, and

if 6 Feet in Length or upwards,

-	- - imported in a Britifh built

Ship, the 120

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the 120

-	- - of the Growth and Produ Ction of the

Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and .imported direCUy from thence in Pieces of all forts under 8 Inches fquare, the 120 ■■■■ Santa Maria Wood, for every 100/. of the Value	-	-

For the Conditions and Regulations under which Santa Maria Wood, fit for Naval Purpofes, imported from the Bay of Honduras, may be admitted to Entry Duty-free, until the 25th March 1820,

d.

£.

14	19

15	8

o 19 6

0124

896

£.

0	15

1	o

4

6

496 4 12 -8

03-2

20 o o

A.D.181SK

59PGEQ.ni.

C.62.	28

Wood— Santa Maria, &c. 'continued.

See the A & to which this Table is an* nexed.

■ ----Span, vi%.

. « under 22 Feet in Length, and under 4 Inches in Diameter, exdufive of the Bark,

-	• - imported in a Britifh built Ship,

the 120

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the 120 * - 22 Feet in Length or upwards, and under 4 Inches in Diameter, exclnfive of the Bark,

... imported in a Britifh built Ship, the 120

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the 120 «	-	4	Inches	in	Diameter,	and under 6

Inches in Diameter, exclufiv of the Bark,

* • - imported in a Britifh built Ship, the 120

-	* - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the 120	•

•	-	-	of	the	Growth	and	Produ&ion of the

Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported di-redly from thence, of all Sorts, under 6 Inches in Diameter, exclufive of the Bark, die 120 ------. Speckled Wood of the Growth and Production of the Britifh Colonies, Plantations or Settlements in America, or of the Weft Coaft of Africa, and imported dire Aly from thence refpe&ively, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	-

•	• « of the Growth and Production, of

any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton containing 20 cwt,	-

«■» ■" Spokes for Wheels, vfc.

m - - not exceeding 2 Feet in Length,

-	- - imported in a Britifh built

Ship, the 1000

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifh

buik, the 1000 r • - exceeding % Feet in Length,

-	- - imported in a Britifh built Ship, the 1000

U

£. >. d.

£. /. d.

2 16 $ 2 19 6

4	17 6

5	> 6

10 11 6 10 19 4

O I	63

0 16 3 8 14 2

5	7 4

3 10 1

6	14 8

59 Gao. III.

59° GEO. III.

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Wood — Spokes for Wheels, continued\  - - - imported in a Ship not Britilh	£. /. d.	£. d.
built, the iooo - - - of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported diredly from thence, the	702	
IOOO  ■ - 	 Staves, viz.  - - - not exceeding 36 Inches in Length, * _ not above 3 Inches inThick-  nefs, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,  - - - imported in a Britilh built	064	
Ship, the 120 - - - imported in a Ship not Britilh	162	—
built, the 120 - - - above 36 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 50 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Tnicknefs, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, < - - - imported in a Britilh built	170	
Ship, the 120 - - - imported in a Ship not Britilh	2 9 2	—
built, the 120 1 ... above 50 Inches in Length, and not 1 exceeding 60 Inches in < Length, not above 3 Inches  in Thicknefs, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, - - - imported m a Britilh built Ship,	* ;p 9	
the 120 - -1 - - - imported in a Ship not Britilh	3 5 0	
built, the 120 -- - - above 60 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thicknefs, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,  - - - imported in Britilh built	374	
Ship, the 120 - - - imported in a Ship not Britilh	4 iJJ/io	1
built, the 120-- - - above 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Tnicknefs, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,  - - - imported in a Britilh built Ship,	4182	|
the 120 -  1	586	—

Wood — Staves, continued\

- - - imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the 120

-	- - Staves being the Growth and Produc-

tion of any of the United States of America, or of the Growth and Produ&ion of Eaft or Weft Florida, and imported dire&ly from thence refpe&ivel v, not exceeding i \ Inch in Thicknefs, (hall be charged with One third Part only of the Duties hereinbefore impofed on Staves,

-	- - above 3 Inches in Thicknefs,

or above 7 Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, fhall be deemed Clap Boards, and pay Duty accordingly.

-	- - above 3 Inches in Thicknefs,

or above 7 Inches in Breadth, and exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, (hall be deemed Pipe Boards, and pay Duty accordingly.

-	- - Staves of the Growth and Produ&ion

of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from thence, of all Sorts not exceeding 50 Inches in Length, the 120 - - - of all Sorts exceeding 50 Inches in Length, the 120

------- Sweetwood,	vt%*

-	-	-	-	of	the Growth and Produ&ion

of the Britifh Colonies, Plantations or Settlements in America, or of the Weft Coaft of Africa, and imported dire&ly from thence refpe6tively, the Ton containing 20 cwt. .... of the Growth and Produ&ion of any other Country or Place, or if otherwife imported, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

—■— Teake Wood, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet	....

U 2

£. s. d. S H 0

£. /. d.

o 1	3

026

0	16 3

10 13 o

1	10 o

292

a 52,

59° GEQ. III.

AJX181&

Wood — Teake Wood, continued.

For the Conditions and Regulations under which Teake Wood, of the Growth and Frodu&ian of any Britifh Colony, Plantation, Territory or Fof-' feffion in Africa, fit for Naval Pur*, pofes, may be admitted to Entry, without Payment of Duty, until the 25th March 1820, See the Ad to which this Table is annexed.

■ Timber, viz.

, r . Fir Timber, of the Growth of Norway, and imported diredly from thence, 8 Inches fquare, and not exceeding 10 Inches fquare,

-	- - in a Britifh built Ship,the Load

containing 50 Cubic Feet -

-	- - in a Ship not Britifh built, the

Load containing 50 Cubic

Feet -

A Drawback is allowed on Fir Timber, being 8 Inches fquare, and not exceeding 10 Inches fauare, of the Grototh of Norway, and imported dire&ly from thence, which (hall have been ufed or employed in any of the Mines of Tin, Lead or Copper, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall,

“	...	having	been imported

in a Britifh built Ship, the Load con-uining 50 Cubic Feet

* • • having been imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet *	•*

For the Conditions and Regulations under which the Drawback fhall be paid or allowed on fuch Timber fp ufed and employed. See J1 Geo, 3. c. 43. 51 Geo.3.

L /• d+

£. e. d*

3 5P

3	8	Q

2 1$ 6

2 16	3

AJ&.1S1&.

593 6feO. lit.	C.	52.	29$

Wood—Fir Timber, continued.

£* s. d.

£. j. </•

c. 93. arid 53 Oeo. 3. c. 105.

-	-	-	Fir	Timber	of the Growth of Nor-

way, and imported direCtly from ♦hence, exceeding 10 Inches rquare, ,

—	- in a Britun built Ship, the

Load containing 50 Cubic Feet	-	-

-	- - in a Ship not Britiih built, the

Load Containing 50 Cubic Feet	-

-	-	-	not	othefwife	charged with

Duty, 8 Inches Pquafe or / upwards,

-	- imported in a Britiih built

Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

-	- imported in a Ship not Britiih

built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet *	*	Fir	Timber	of	the	Growth	and	Pro-

duction of the Britiih Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported di-re&ly from thence, 8 Inches fquare or upwards, the Load containing 30 Cubic Feet

3 5 0 380

350

380

o ±6

- •	-	Oak	Timber,	8 Inches fquare or up-

, wards,

-	- - imported in a Britiih built

Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britiih

built, the Load containing co Cubic Feet

-	- - of the Growth and Production

of the Britiih Colonies' or Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from thence, 8 Inches fquare or upwards, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet * * * Timber of all Sorts not particularly enumerated or defcribed, nor otherwife charged with Duty, being 8 Inches fquare or upwards,

tT 8

3	*	9

3 5 °

056

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.

Duty.

Wood—Timber of all Sorts, &c. continued.

-	- - imported in a Britifh built

Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet —

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - -	-	Timber	of	all	Sorts	not	particularly

enumerated or defcribed, nor otherwise charged with Duty, of the Growth and Produ&ion of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in .America, and imported dire&ly from thence, being 8 Inches fquare or upwards, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reflric-tion 8 under whichT im-ber fit for Naval Purposes, of the Growth and Produce of any Britifh Colony or Plantation in North America, may be imported from thence Duty free, See 46 Geo. 3. c. 117. continued by fubfequent A 618, and by 55 Geo. 3. c. 86. further continued until the 25th March 1820. rThe Duty on Timber being the Produce of, and imported dire6Uy from the Ifland of Newfoundland, is fuf-pended until the 5th July 1824. See the A6I to which this Table is annexed.

■' — — Ufers, viz.

- - - under 5 Inches fquare, and under 24

Feet in Length,

-	- - imported in a Britifh built Ship,

the 120

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifh

built, the 120

d.

Drawback. £. s. d.

1 12

1 14 o

18	2	7

18 9 o

TABLE (A.) —INWARDS.

Duty.

Wood—Ufers, continued.

-	- - all Ufers being 5 Inches fquare or

upwards, are fubieCt and liable to the Duties payable on Fir Timber. See Fir Timber.

-	- - of all Sorts under 8 Inches fquare,

of the Growth and Production of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported dire&ly from thence, the 120 - Wainfcot Logs, viz.

-	-	- being 8 Inches fquare or upwards,

-	- - imported in a Britifh built

.	Ship,	the	Load containing

50 Cubic Feet

-	- - imported in a Ship not Bri-

tifh built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

-	- - of the Growth and Production of

the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported direCtly from thence, being 8 Inches fquare or upwards, the Load containing yo Cubic Feet

-------- Yards, See Mails,

—	■	- Wood unmanufaCtured, of the Growth and

Production of the Britifh Colonies or Plantations in America, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every ioo/T of the Value -

--------- Wood	unmanufactured,	not particularly enumerated or defcribed, and on which the Duties due on the Importation are payable, according to the Value thereof, being of the Growth and Production of the Britifh Limits within the Province of Yucatan in the Bay of Honduras, and imported direCtly from the faid Bay, for every 100/. of the Value

—	Wood unmanufactured,	not particularly enu-

merated or defcribed, nor otherwife charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value,

-	- - imported in a Britifh built Ship

-	- - imported in a Ship not Britifh built -

Wooden Clocks, See Clocks.

Wool, viz.

—	 ..Beaver Wool, the lb.	-

----- cut and combed, the lb.

U*

£.

d.

516 9

s 16 9

20

21

--------'■

Drawback.

£ .1. d.

o 16

496

4128

056

Wool—continued.

------Carmenia Wool, Set Goat Hair in Hair.

—;—- Coney Wool, the lb.

—— ' Cotton Wool, or Wafte of Cotton Wool, ws.

-	- - the Produce of any Britifh Colony or

Plantation in America, and imported dire&ly from thence, op or before the 5th July 1822, the 100 lbs.	-

-	- - the Produce of any Britiih Colony or

Plantation in America, not being imported dire&ly from thence; ana Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool, the Produce of any other Country or Place,

- - - until the 5th January 1820 inclu-five,

-	- - if imported in a Britifh

•buut Ship, the xoolbs.

-	- - if imported in a Ship not

Britifh built, the ioolbs. * - - from and after the 5th January 1820,

-	- - if imported in a Britifh

built Ship, for every

ioo/. of the Value -%■

-	- - if imported in a Ship not

Bntifh built, for every

100/. of the Value The above Duties pn Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool, payable according to the Value thereof, fhall be charged and payable on all fuch Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool, the Duties On which fhall not have been fully paid on or before the 5th January 1820. See the A& to which this Table is annexed.

■	■■	Goat’s	Wool,	See	Goat Hair in Hair.

— ■- Hare's Wool, the cwt. -

—Lamb’s Wool, Sec Sheep’s Wool.

£. s. d* 006

063

fi. ik d

087 O 17 2

6 0 0 12 O O

1 I IO

Duty.

Wool—continued•

—	Oftrich Wool, the lb.

— Polonia Wool, the lb.	------ Red Wool, the lb.

——- Sheep or Lamb’s Wool, or*.

-	- - the Produce of any Foreign Country

in Europe,

-	- » until the toth O&ober 1819,

inclufive, the lb.

-	- - from and after the 10th O&ober

1819,	the lb.

-	* - the Produce of any other Foreign

Country,

-	- - until the 5th January 1820, in-

clufive, the lb.

-	- - from and after the 5th January

1820,	the lb.

*	-	- the Produce of, and imported dire&ly

from, any Britifh Colony or Territory,

-	- - until the 5th January 1823, in-

clufive, the lb. *	*

-	- - from the 5th January 1823, until

the 5th January 1826, inclufive, the lb.

-	- - from and after the 5th January

1826, the lb.

-....-	Spanifh	Wool,	the	lb.

—Turkey Goat’s Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.

------All Articles made of or mixed with Wool,

not particularly enumerated or defcribed, nor otherwife charged with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value	-

Woollen Stuffs, See Stuffs.

Yarn, See Yam.

Worm Seed, See Seed.

Worfted Caps, Sue Caps.

'-p' ■■■s ffcockings, See Stockings. '»	■	Tapes,	See	Tapes.

Yarns, See Yarn.

Wreck, See Derelift.

Y.

£. /. d. 006

006

O06

001

006

001

006

o o t

003

006

006

50 o o

Drawback. ] £. /• d.

Yards, See Malts in Wood*

Yarn, w*.

----- Cable Yarn, the cwt.%

----- Camel or Mohair Yarn, the lb.

■ Cotton Yarn, the lb.

116 o	1	7

o	1	3

298

C.52.

59° GEO. Ill

A.D. 1819.

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Y am—continued.	£• j. d.	If. /. - dm
	 Cotton Yarn of the Manufa&ure of the Ifle of  Man, See Man, Ifle of.  -—* Grogram Yarn, the lb.	017	
	Raw Linen Yarn,  - - - - imported in a Britifli built Ship, the cwt. -	010	
- - imported in a Ship not Britifli built, the cwt. / -	1 0 0	
— Wick Yam, the cwt. -	488		
		 Worfled Yam, being of Two or more Threads,  twifted or thrown, the lb.	017	
*	Yam of any other Sort, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, nor otherwife charged with Duty, for every ioo/. of the Value	50 0 0	
Yellow Berries, See Berries.  Z.  ZafFre, for every ioo/. of the Value	20 0 0	
Zedoaria, imported dire&ly from the Place of its 9 Growth, the lb.	0 1 3	O  M  0  O
■ ■ imported not dire6Uy from the Place of its Growth, the lb. -	0 1 10	O I 3
Goods, Wares and Merchandise, being either in part or wholly manufa&ured, and not being enumerated or defcnbed, nor otherwife charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into nor ufed in Great Britain, for every ioo/. of the Value	0  0  0	
Goods, Wares and Merchandise, not being either in part or wholly manufa&ured, and not being enumerated or defcribed, nor otherwife charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into nor ufed in Great Britain, for every ioo/. of the Value	20 O O	—

1

A.D.1819.	59°	GEO.	III.	C.52.	299

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandife, being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies imported into Great Britain; and on Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported into Great Britain from His Majefly’s Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandife.

TABLE (B.) — INWARDS.

Duty. Drawback.

£•	/•	d.	£.	s.	d.

A.

A corns, the lb.	-

Agates, vix.

■	—	polifhcd or otherwife manufactured, for every

ioo/. of the Value -

------ rough or unmanufactured, for every ioo/. of

the Value	....

Alkali, vix.

. ~ ■ any Article containing Soda or Mineral Alkali, whereof Mineral Alkali is the molt valuable Part, (fuch Alkali not being other-wife particularly charged with Duty)

. «... if not containing a greater Proportion of luch Alkali than 20 per Centum,

-	- - imported in a Britifh built

Ship, the cwt.

... - imported in a Ship not Britifh built, the cwt.

• .... if containing more than 20 per Centum, and not exceeding 2^ per Centum of fuch

-	- - imported in a Britifh built

Ship, the cwt.

-	- - imported in a Ship not Bri-

tifh built, the cwt.

..... if containing more than 25 per Centum, and not exceeding 30 per Centum of fuch Alkali,

o o 10 60 o o

20 O O

Oil 4 O 12 O

o* 15 O 0 15	8

o 0

6

o 5 8 058

076

076

£,* 1. d.	£• t. d.
0 18 4	,092
0 19 0	092
1 3 4	0 11 8
1 4 0	0 11 8
1 10 0	0 15 0
1 10 8	0 15 0
018	—
0 15 10	0 14 0
276	220
0261	! O I 8
009	006
0 17 6	—*
011 8	MM*
0120	
018	Oil
050	
0  t»  0	0 1 4
005	—
010	—
o'4 J	
3* 5 0	—
O  0	—
O H 5	—

Alkali—any Article, &c. continued*

-	- * imported in a Britifh built

. Ship, the cwt.

-	- - imported in a Ship not Bri-

tifh built, the cwt.

•	- - • - if containing more than 30 per

Centum, and not exceeding per Centum of fuch

• - - imported in a Britifh built Ship, the cwt.

-	* * imported in a Ship not Bri-

tifh built, the cwt.

*	.... if containing more than ao per

Centum of fuch Alkali,

-	- - imported in a Britilh built

Ship, the cwt.

-	- - imported in a Ship not Bri-

tifh built, the cwt. Alkermes, Confe&ion of, the oz. *

Almonds, viz.

■■ ■■■ — - Bitter, the cwt.	*

....* of any other Sort, the cwt.

Aloes, viz.

---- ■ Socotorina, the lb.

—- of any other Sort, the lb* *

Alum, the cwt. -	-	-	-	-

------ Roch Alum, the cwt.	-

Amber, viz.

-------- Beads	or	other Manufactures of Amber,

the lb.

■ ■ Rough, the lb.

Ambergris, tne oz.

Ammoniac Gum, See Gum Ammoniac.

- Sal, See Sal Ammoniac.

Anacardium, the lb.

Anime Gum, See Gum.

Anifeed, See Seed.

■—	Oil of, See Oil.

Annotto or Rpcou, viz.

........ Flag,	the	lb.	-	*	*

—1 ••• ' "• Rofi or any other Sort, not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, the lb.

Aquafortis, the cwt.	-

Arabic Gum, See Gum.

Arangoes or Arango Beads, for every icoI. of the Value -	-	-	;	-	-

Arrack, Spirits.

Arrow Root or Powder, the lb.	-	-

Arfenic, viz.

■-----White, the cwt.	-

Arfenic — continued.

— of any other Sort, the cwt%	■»	*

Afcfoetida, the lb. -	-	»

Attar of Rofes, See Otto of Rofes,

Auripigmentum, See Orpiment..

B.

Balfam, vis. Artificial or Natural, the lb.

Bamboo Canes, See Canes.

Barilla, See Alkali.

Bark, vis.

----- Anguftura Bark, the lb*	-

----- Clove Bark, the lb.

—	Jefuits Bark, See Peruvian Bark.

----- Peruvian or Jefuits Bark, the lb.

—	Bark not otherwife enumerated or described,

—	- if for Medicinal Ufe, the lb.

-	- - if not for Medicinal Ufe, for every iooI.

of the Value	-

Bdellium, the lb.

Beads, vis.

—	- Amber Beads, See Amber.

-----Arango Beads, See Arangoes.

—	■ Coral Beads, the lb.	-	«•	«■

-----Cryftal Beads, the iooo -	-

—	- Beads, not otherwife enumerated or defqribed,

for every ioo/. of the Value Bees’ Wax, Wax.

Benjamin or Benzoin, the lb,

Bezoar Stones, the oz.	-	-	■»

Bones of Cattle, and other Animals, and of Fiih, except Whale Fins, for every ioo/. of the Value -Books, Printed, or Manufcnpts, vis.

■	■ '"«■ - Half Bound, or in any way Bound,

the cwt.	-

Unbound, the cwt.	-	■*

Borax or Tincal, vis.

—- — refined, the lb.

-----— unrefined, the lb.	-	-

# Drawback on the Exportation of Borax or Tincal refined in Great Britain from a larger Quantity imported unrefined, the lb.	-

For the Conditions under which fuch Drawback can only be allowed, See 17 Geo. 2. c. 31.

Bottles, vis.

-—	of Earth or Stone, the Dozen

Bottles of Stone are fubjed alfo to a Duty of Excife.

£. s. d,

o 18 8 o o 10

04 6

02a o o 10

020

020

20 o o o 1	8

0	jy 10

1	8 6

50 o o

Q 2 O 0 2 6

I P. P

6 10 o 5 o P

p 1	8

p p 8

£. 1. d, 006

0 1 i

006 o 1	4

014

*008

03a

302

C. 52.

59° GEO. nr.

A.D. 1819.

TABLE (B.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Bottles—continued.	£. s. d.	£. s. i.
Quarts - ~  —	 of Green or Common Glafs, full or empty,  not of lefs Content than One Pint, and not	120	~
being Phials, the Dozen Quarts Subje& alfo to a Duty of Excife.  ■ 		of Glafs, not otherwife enumerated or ‘de-	080	' I
fcribed, for every ioo/. of the Value Note. — Flafks in which Wine or Oil is imported are not fubjeft to Duty.  Brandy, See Spirits.  Bullion and "Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver Duty free.  C.  Cajaputa, Oil of, See Oil.  Cake Lac, See Lac in Gum.  Calaminaris Lapi6, See Lapis.	80 0 0	
Calamus Aromaticus, the lb.  Calicoes, viz.  	 			 Plain White Calicoes, for every ioo/. of the	O 0 lo	VO  O  O
Value -# Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of fuch of the faid Calicoes which (hall have been printed, painted, flained or dyed in Great Britain,	67 10 0	
for every ioo/. of the Value 	 ■ ■ White, flowered or ditched, for every ico/.	- - -	0  0
of the Value - - -Calves Skins, See Skins.  Cambogium, See Gamboge.  Camels’ Hair, See Hair.  Camphor, viz.  --■■■ — — unrefined, the lb.  * Drawback on the Exportation of Camphor refined in Great Britain from a larger Quantity imported unre-	37 10 0  026 0 1 3	— 1
fined, the lb. -For the Conditions under which fuch Drawback can only be allowed, See 17 Geo. 2. c. 31.		*013
Candles of Wax, the lb. - -Canes, viz.	026	— 1
	Bamboo, the 1000 -	1 14 0	- _ 1
—- Rattans, (not Ground Rattans,) the 1000	IOO		 1
		 Reed Canes, the 1000 - - -  	Walking Canes or Sticks, mounted, painted,	1 6 6	— 1

TABLE (B.) —INWARDS.

Canes — continued.

inlaid or otherwife ornamented or manufactured, for every ioo/. of the Value —- Wan ghees, Jumboo, Ground Rattans, Dragon’s Blood, and other walking Canes or.Sticks, the 1000	-

Cantharides, the lb.	-

Caoutchouc, or Elaitic Gum, the lb.

Capita Papaverum, the 1000

Caps of Cotton, for every ioo/. of the Value

Capiicum or Chillies, See Pepper.

Cardamoms, the lb.	-

Carmenia Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.

Carmine, the 02.

Carpets of Perlia, the Yard fquare •

Cafhew Gum, See Gum.

Caffia Buds, the lb.

----Fiftula, the lb.	-	-

----Lignea, the lb.

----Oil of, See Oil.

Cailor, Oil of, See Oil.

Callor Seed, See Seed.

Calls of Buffs, Statues or Figures, the cwt.

Catechu, See Terra Japonica.

Cayenne Pepper, See Pepper.

Charts, See Maps.

Chemical Oil, See Oil.

Duty.

Drawback.

£.	/.	d.	£.	/. d.
5°	O	0		—
4	O	0		
o	3	6	0	2 4
o	0	5		—
o	3	6	0	* 4
67	10	0		—
0	2	0	0	1 4
		•		
0	4	0		—
2	10	0		——
O	2	6		—
O	0	10	0	0 6
O	2	6		
O	2	6		____

Chillies, See Caplicum in Pepper.

China Root, the lb.	-

China Ware or Porcelain, for every ioo/. of the Value Cinnabaris Nativa, the lb.

Cinnamon, the lb.	-

---------- Oil of, See Oil.

Citrat of Lime, the lb.	-	-	-

Cloves, the lb. ------- Oil of, See Oil.

Cocculus Indicus, the lb.	-	-

Cochineal, the lb.	-	-	-

----------Dull, the lb.	-	-

Cocoa Nuts, for every ioo/. of the Value

...........—	Oil of. See Oil.

Cocoa Nuts, Duty free.

*	Cocoa	Nuts are fubjeft to a Duty of Excife.

I Coffee, Duty free.

■	Coffee	is fubjedl to a Duty of Excife.

f Coin, Foreign, of Gold or Silver, See Bullion.

| Colocynth, See Coloquintida. f Coloquintida or Colocynth, the lb. -	-

Colours for Painters, See Painters’ Colours.

Colombo Root, the lb.	-

0 1 3	O  O  0
75 0 0	—
020	0 14
026	0 2 3
0 16	—
020	O 19
026	—
0 0 10	—
O O 2\	—
20 O O	—

o	i	8

0	2	0

oil

o i 4

TABLE (B.) —INWARDS.

Contrayervae Radix, See Radix.

Copal Gum, See Gum.

Copper, viz.

■	■ Ore* the cwt.	-	-	-•

-»■— - Old, fit only to be re-«manufa6iured, the cwt..

....... Unwrought, viz.

.... Copper in Bricks or Pigs, Rofe Copper, and all caft Copper, the cwt.	-	-

• ^ ., - Copper in Plates, and Copper Coin, the cwt.

Part wrought, viz. Bars,. Rods or Ingots, hammered or railed, the cwt.

■« ■ Manufactures of Copper, not otherwife enumerated or described, Copper enamelled, and Copper Plates engraved, for every iqoI. of the Value -	«

Coral, viz.

—	- Beads, See Beads.

—— in Fragments, the lb.	-

— whole, polifiled, the lb.	-	-

- unpoliihed, the lb.	-

Coriander Seed, See Seed.

Cortex Caryophylloides, See Clove Bark in Bark.

....... Peruvianus, or JefuiU Bark, See Peruvian

Bark in Bark.

Coitus* the lb.	■	«•	-	•	«

Cotton, viz.

——- ■ Articles manufactured of Cotton Wool, or of any Mixture thereof, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, for every ioo7. of the Value	•	-	-

------- Thread, See Thread.

------- Wool, See Wool.

—	Yarn, See Yarn.

Couhage, the lb.	-	*	-	-

Cowries, for every ioo/. of tlie Value Cryital Beads, See Beads.

Cubebs, the lb.	-	-	*	-

Cummin Seed, See Seed.

D,

Diagrydium, See Scammony.

Diamonds, Duty free.

Dimity, viz.

------ Plain White Dimity, for every iooI. of the

Value -	-	-	-

* Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation

Duty.

£. /• d.

0 10

cl 9 a

092

0	15 o

1	ii 3

50 o o

o I* o O 12 O 0 5 6

o 1 o

67 10 o

O I 3 3*5°

020

67 10 p

Drawback. £. 1. d.

008

© o 10

Dimity—cmikuui

of fuch of the faid Dimity which (hall have been printed, painted, flained or dyed in Great Britain, tor every ioo/. of the Value •

Dog Skint, See Skint.

Drawings, See Prints.

Drugs, on which fpecific Duties are payable according to the Quantity, See the ieveral Articles in Alphabetical Courfe.

■ not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwife charged with Duty, for every ioo/. of the Value	•

£.

£• /. d.

9

*45 ° °

$0 o .o

E.

t

Earthenware, See China Ware.

Ebony, See Wood.

ElafBc Gum, See Caoutchouc.

Elemi Gum, See Gum.

Elephants’ Teeth, vh&.

—	■	■■—-	■ not exceeding the Weight of ailbs.

each Tooth, the cwt.

■ "	■■	■	■	—	exceeding the Weight of 2libs.

each Tooth, the cwt.

Elk Skins, See Skins.

Emeralds, Jewels.

Extrad, vi*.

—	■ ■ Solid Vegetable Extrad from Oak Bark, or

other Vegetable Subftances, to be ufed for the purpofe of tanning Leather, and for no other Purpofe whatever, the cwt.

2 0 0 4 0 0

030

:

F.

Feathers, vi%.

--------Oftrich Feathers, drefied, the lb.

...... undreffed, the lb.

--------not otherwife enumerated or defcribed,

• • - drefied, for every 100L of the Value -... undreffed, for every 100/. of the Value Fennel, Oil of. See Oil.

Flax, rough or undreffed, the cwt. -Flock Paper, See Paper.

Flofs Silk, See Wafte Silk in Silk.

Foreft Seed, See Seed.

Foffila, Specimens of, See Specimens.

Fra^kincenfe, See Ohbanum.

Yxutfjee Skins.

£9 Gio.TII.	X

2 15 1 o

50 o

20 O O O

6

Q

o

o

5

TARUE (B.) —INWARDS.	Duty.	/Drawback.
	£. #. d.	£. s. dL
G*		
Galangal, the lb. . . .	o o 6	004
Galbanum, the lb. ....	ai4	0 0 >0
j Galls, the cwt. • • -	o II *	_
Gamboge, the lb. Garden Seed, See Seed. Garnets, vm.	o i B	Oil
—		 Cut, the lb. -	1 ro o	! —
Rough, the Ih.	o IO o	
Gem Sal, See Sal.		
Geneva, See Spirits. Ginger, the cwt. -	130	IOO
•	Preferved, the lb.	032	-
Ginfeng, the lb. - - - -Glafs, viz.  *■— Bottfcs, See Bottles.  ■	 Crown, German Sheet, or any Blind of Window	j  016	• 010  I  I
Glafs, not being Plate Glafs, the cwt.	4 0	•mm .
—■ Flint Glafs, the cwt. •  *— - Plate Glafs, for every fquare Foot Aiperfidal	6 3 0	—
Meafure - -	0 6 T	1
	Glafs Manufa&ures not otherwise enumerated	/	
or deferibed, for every ioo/. of the Value. -	0  0	
Glafs is fubje& alfo to a Duty of Excife. Goat Hair, See Hair.  Gold Coin, See Bullion.  " ■ ■ Plate, See Plate.  Granilla, the lb. - _	00c	
Gum, viz.	v w J	
-	 Ammoniac, the lb. -	01?	0 0 IO
—-— Anime, the lb. - - _	J  018	Oil
		 Arabic, the cwt. - -	0 12 0	
— - Caftiew, the cwt. - . .	076	0 c 0
1 -—- Copal, the lb. -	Ol8	O* I I
Elemi, the lb. -	0 0 8	0 0- *
		 Guaiacum, the lb.  — - Juniper, See Gum Sandarach. .	0 t IO	j  0 1 a
—~ Kino, or Gum Rubrum Aftringcus, the lb. — Lac, viz.	016	0 1 o
- - - Cake Lac, the lb. - •	0 0 e	0 0 3
• • - Lac Dye, the lb. -	0 06	004
- - - Lac Lake, the lb.	0 0 i	T
- - - Seed Lac, the lb. - . _ ;	006	0 0-4
- - - Shell Lac, the lb. - -	008	T  0 O* C
- - - Stick Lac, the cwt.	i' 0 0	J  0 at a.
—— Opopanax, the lb. - - .	0 3	W T  <0-2 4
1 Rubrum Aftringens, See Gum Kino.	j  *	

AJX181&

B& ©SO. III.

80

€.5&

1 TABLE (B.)—INWAfcUS.	Duly.	Drawback.
1 Ourf — toMtAuuL	£. /. J.	£• e• d.
I 	 Sagapenum, the lb. ...	0 0 10	006
I	 Sandarach, or Juiriper, the cwt.	0 19 0	0 12 8
I	Sarcocolla, the lbj - ...	0 0 10	006
I — Senegal, thd cwt. - - -	0 12 0	
1 Tacrfmahaca, the lb. ...	020	614
I	Tragacanth, the lb.  I	Gun*, not otherwife ertumefrated or defcribed.	0 16	008
j for every iooL of the Value  I H#  I Hair, vn.	0  0  0	
I	Camels Hair, the lb. ...	0 r S	
I	■ Goat or Carmenia Wool, the lb.  1 — Human Hair, the lb. -  1 		 Ankles manufactured of Hair, or any Mixture  [ thereof, not particularly enumerated or de-	006  050	—
I fdribed, for every tool, of the Value I Hemp, rough or undreffed, or any other Vegetable Subftance of the Nature and Quality of un-I . dreffed Hemp, and applicable to the fame	67 10 0	
I Purpofes, the Ton containing 20 cwt.  1 Hides, one*  I — Buffalo, Bull, Cow or Ox Hides in the Hair, not tanned, tawed or in any way	080	
j dreffed, the Hide 1 - - - Tanned, and not otherwife dreffed,	so  0  0	
the lb.  I ■■■ ■ Horfe, Mare or Gelding in the Hair, not 1 tanned or in any way dreffed, the	■010	
Hide  - - - Tanned and not otherwife dreffed,	0 0 10	—
the lb. ... j >—■ — Hides or Pieces of Hides, raw or undreffed, 1 not particularly enumerated or defcribed, 1 nor otherwife charged with Duty, for every	0 16	
j 100/. of the Value I ■ ■ Hides or Pieces of Hides, tanned, tawed or J in any way dreffed, not particularly enu-I merated or defcribed, nor otherwife charged	20 O O	
J with Duty, for every 100/. of the Value -I Horns, Horn Tips and Pieces of Horns, not other-	7 $ 0 6	—
I wife charged with Duty, the cwt.	050	—
I Horfes, Mares or Geldings, each - » Human Hairs, See Hair.  | Hulks of Silk, See Knubs in Silk.  L Hufe Skins, See Skins.  1 x s	6 13 0	■ -

i

00?	C.	54.	59’	GEO.	I1L	A.D.1819.

TABLE (B.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
I & J.	£• x. </.	£. d.
Japanned Ware, Tor every ioo/. of the Value Jeiuits Bark, See Peruvian Bark in Bark.  Jewels, Emeralds, Rubies, and all other Precious .  Stones (except Diamonds), not otherwise enumerated or described,	6a so o	
ioo/. of the Value* - -I oo/. of the Value -	20 o o	
	50 0 0	—
Indigo, the lb. -Iris Root, See Drrice.  Juniper Gum, See Gum Sandarach.  K.  Kelp, See Alkali.  Kino Gum, See Gum.  Knubs of Silk, See Knubs in Bilk.  L.  Lac, See Gum.	005	
Lacquered Ware, for every 100L of the Value Lambs Wool, See Sheeps Wool in Wool. Lapis, viz.	62 10 0	
—— Calaminaris, the cwt.	080	— j
— Lazuli, the lb. -	032	- )
	Tutiae, the lb. -  Lazuli Lapis, See Lapis.	008	
Lead, viz. White Lead, the cwt.  > Leather, any Article made of Leather, or any Manufacture whereof Leather^ the moft valuable Part, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for every	0  0	
ioo/. of the Value Leopard Skins, See Skins. Linleed, Oil of. See Oil. Long Pepper, See Pepper*.  M.	75 0 0	
ft Mace, the lb. * -| — Oil of. See Oil.	036	03a

.1X1819.

sv> geo. in.

£««.•

30^

Madder or Munjeet, vis.

------Mull Madder, the cwt.

■ —- Madder Root, and all unmanufa&ured Madder or Munjcet, the cwt*

■ ■ Madder or Munjeet, in any way manufa&ured, the cwt.	....

Mangoes, the Gallon -Manna, the lb.

Maps and Charts* plain or coloured, each Map or Chart, or Part thereof Martin Skins, See Skins.

Maftick, the lb.	-	-

Medals, vis.

------of Gold or Silver, Duty free.

—	- ■ of anj other Sort, for every ioo/. of the

Melafles, the cwt.	-	-

Minerals, Specimens of. Set Specimens.

Mother of Pearl Shells, rough, for every ioo/. of the Value Munjeet, See Madder.

Mow, the oz.	...

/Mullins, vis.

—— Plain, for every ioo/. of the Value

* Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of fuch of the faid Mullins which (hall have been printed, painted, ftained ordyed in Great Britain, for every ioo/. of the Value

—	flowered or ftitched, for every ioo/. of the

Value

Myrrh, the lb.	-

N.

Nanquin Cloths, for every ioo£ of the Value

• Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of fuch of the faid Nanquin Cloths which lhall have been printed,

Sainted, ftained or dyed in Great Britain, for every ioo/. of the Value	-

Natron, See Alkali.

Neroli Oil,. See Oil of Orange Flower.

Nutmegs, the lb.	...

Oil of,. See Oil.

Nux Vomica, the lb*

£. /. tL

o a o

o 5 Q

£• i. d.

o 15

° 5 o 1

O 2“ O OI4

20 O O O IO O

20 O O 0 5 0 37 10 O

O O 10

O O IO

0 3 4

37 10 o o 1 ft

37 10 o-

*lo o- o

o I*

026

026

'20 O O

0 2 3

X 3

$10	C.	62.	OSQ.	Ill,	AJ>.	1819.

TA^E (B.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback. I
	£, *. 4	£< /• Vi I
Q.  Oaker, See Ochre.  Ochre or Oal$.er, the cwt.	069	_
Oil, viz.  -— of Anifeed, the lb. -	040	
—— of Cajaputa, the oz.	oxo	•vn
	■ .of Caflia, the oz. -	0 | 0	—
— of Caftor, the lb.	0 1 3	■m I
rr— Chemical Ojl, not otherwife enumerated or de-feribed, the lb.	040	T-r
—— of Cinnamon, the oz.	050	_
— of Cloves, the oz. -r	0 a 0	_
		 of Coco^ Nuts, |he cwt.	026		
—; of Fennel, the \\>.	040	1
— of Linfeed, the Tun containing 25) GaUpew s	33 5 »	TIT
— of Mace, the oz. r r r	0 26	ITT* I
——. of Nutipcge, the op. *	026	I
— of Orange Flower pr Neroli, the oz. •	O 2 Q	TTT I
r— of Palm, the c^rt.	0 2 6	w» I
	of Rofes, See Otto of Roles.  	r of Rofewood, the P*. t	050	_
— of Sandalwood, the ozr - -j	02 6	— 1
	 of Turpentine, the lh> r t	008	— 1
	 Oil, not otherwife enumerated or defgrib?4f fi>f  every 100/. of the YfclUP	fa a 0	-
Oker, See Ochre. Olibanum, the cwt.	2 7 6	i 11 8 1
Opium, the lb.	090	060
Opopanax Gum, Set Gum-Orange Flower, Oil of. See Oil. 		 Water, the Gallon	032	_
Orchal, Orchelia, or Archelia, the cwt.	0 16 8		 1
Ore, viz.  —— Copper, See Copper.  	— Gold or Silver, See  ■ ■ - Platina, See Platina.  —— Ore, Specimens of, Sfie Specimens. Orpiment, the cwt. *	! 1 8 6	_
Orrice or Iris Root, the cwt. - -	x 8 6		 1
Pftrich feathers. See Feathers.  Otto or Attar of Rofes, or Oil of Rofes, the oz. -	0  VO  O	-
P.  Painters’ Colours, not otherwife enumerated or de* feribed, for every 109/. of the Value	O  O  O	_ j

Paintings on Glafs, for every 100I. of the Value Subjed alfo to a Duty of Excife.

Paper, vm.

■	> Brown Paper made of old Rope or Cordage

only, without feparating or extrading the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of any other Materials therewith, the lb.	-

-	* ■ printed,, painted or ftained Paper, or Paper

Hangings, or Flock Paper, the Yard fquare

-------of any other Sort, not particularly cnttnetated

or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, the lb.	-

Pearls, for every ioo/. of the Value	-	*

Pepper, Dufy nee.

Pepper is fubied to a Duty of Elctfe.

■	■ ■ ■. Capficum or Chilhes the lb.

— Cayenne, the lb.	*

----» Long Pepper, the lb.	•

Pickles of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or de-fcribed, the Gallon -	-

Pidures, ois.

—	■	■" under 2 Feet fquare, the Pidure

--------- of 2 Feet fquare, and under 4 Feet fquare,

the Pidure

the Pidure • free.

—	- ■ of 4 Feet fquare or upwards,

Plants, Shrubs, and Titees alive, Duty Plate, vis*

—	Battered, fit only to be remanufadured, Sr*

Bullion.

—	of Gold, the oz* Troy

—	of Silver Gilt, the oz. Troy

-	-	-	part gift, the oz. Troy

-	-	-	ungilt, the oz. Troy

Flatina, the oz.

■■■ ■ Ore, for every 100/. of the Value Porcelain, See China Ware*

Precious Stones, See Jewels.

Prints and Drawings, oia.

------Plain, not exceeding a Foot fquare, each *

- - - exceeding a Foot fquare, each ■ Coloured, not exceeding a Foot fquare, each

•	-	• exceeding a Foot, fquare, each

£. 1. d.

80 o o

to

o

Q

2

5

8

6 16 10 4

J 16 o 6

o o o 5

6

4

1

Q

Quickfilver, the lb*

£. ;. d.

o o to

o 1	7

to 1 7 500

6

6

Q

1	O

2	O

0 2 0 O4O

o I 8

o x

X 4

TABLE (B.)—INWARDS.

R.

Radix Contrayerro, the lb.

Raifins of all Sorts, the cwt.

Rattans, See Canes.

Red Wood, See Wood*

Reed Canes, See Canes.

Rhubarb, the lb.	-

Rice, viz.

—	the Produce of any of the Britifb Territories in

the Eaft Indies,

-	-	-	not being rough and in the Hulk,

the cwt.

.	. .if rough and in the Hufk, the cwt. r

—	the Produce of any other Country or Place,

-	-	-	not	being	rough	and in the Hulk,

the cwt.

.	.	•	if	rough	and	in	the	Hulk,	the	cwt.	•

Roch Alum, See Alum.

Rofe Wood, See Wood.

—	--Oil of, See Oil.

Rubies, Jewels.

Rum, See Spirits.

S..

Safflower, the cwt.

Saffron, the lb.	-	-

Sagapenum Gum, See Gum.

Sago, or Sago Powder, the lb.

Sago Powder, See Sago.

Sal, viz.

—	Ammoniac, the lb.

—	Gem, the cwt.

Salep or Salop, the lb.

Salop, See Salep.

Salt Petre, the cwt.

Sandalwood, Oil of, See Oil.

Sandarach Gum, See Gum.

Sanguis Draconis, the lb.

Sarcocolla Gum, See Gum.

Safiafm, the cwt.

Saunders, viz.

■■ ■ ■ ■ Red, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

■ —— ■ White or Yellow, the lb.

Scammony or Diagridium, the lb.

Sea Cow, Sea Hone or Sea Morfe Teeth, the cwt.

Duty.	Drawback.
£• x. d.	£• x. d»
018	Oil
0 IO 0	090
026	018
050	
026	
O 15 0	—
0 10 0	
089	
076	0  w*  0
008	• —
006	
080	—
0 1 3	0 0 IO
006	—
018	oil
064	—
0 15 0	—
0 0 10	—
064	04 a
3 4 0	—

AJX1819.

59° GEa III,

C.st.

si:

Seal Skint, See Skint.

Seed, eft*

—	Anifeed, the cwt.

—	Caftor Seed, the lb.

—	Coriander Seed, the cwt.

—	Cummin Seed, the cwt.

—- Flax Seed, the Bufhel	»

—	Foreft Seed, for erery tool, of the Value

—	Garden Seed, not particularly enumerated or

defcribed, the lb.

—	Unfeed, the Buihel

—	Worm Seed, the lb.

----Seed not particularly enumerated or defcribed,

nor otherwife charged with Duty, for erery loo/, of the Value Seed Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Sena, the lb.	-

Senegal Gum, See Gum.

Chaim, manufa&ured of Hair or Cotton Wool, or any Mixture thereof, for every iooL of the Value •

Sheep* Wool, See Wool.

Shell Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Shrubs, See Planta.

SOk, eit.

—	Knubt or Huike of Silk, the lb.

---- Raw Silk,

-	•	-	the	Produce	of any of the Britifh Ter*

ritories in the Eaft Indies, the lb. •	-	-	the	Produce	of any other Part of the

Eaft Indies, the lb.

• Drawback on the Exportation of SOk thrown in Great Britain, firom a larger Quantity of Silk imported raw,

tofft.

-	- - if from Raw Silk the Produce of

any of the Britifh Territories in the Eaft Indies, the lb.

-	- - if from Raw Silk the Produce of

any other Part of the Eaft Indies, the lb.

For .the Conditions under which fuch Drawback can only be allowed, See the A& to wnich this Table is annexed.

■ — Thrown Silk, the lb. '	-

---- Wafte or Flofs Silk, not otherwife enumerated

or defcribed, the lb.

Silver Com, Foreign, See Bullion.

— Plate, See Plate.

£• /• d.

300 oxo o 15 o

IOO

005

15 o o

OIO

005

016

50 o o O i 3

67 10 o

0 3 9

040

056

£. /. d.

oxo

o o 10

016

o 14 8

0 3 9

•040

*056

06a

0x6

TABLE (B.)—INWARDS.

Skins, viz*

—	» Calves Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed,

or in any way dreffed, the Dozen Skins -

■..... Dog Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or

m anyway dreffed, the Dozen Skins —— Elk Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dreiTed, the Skin

—	17 ■ Goats Skins, undrefTed, the Dozen Skins

—	— Huffe Skins, undreffed, the Skin

—	Leopard Skins, undreffed, the Skin —— Martins Skins, undreffed, the Skin

—	■■■ Seal Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or

in any way dreffed, the Skin —■■ Squirrel Skins, undreffed, the ioo Skins ----- Tyger Skins, undreffed, the Skin

—	- Skins and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs,

raw or undreffed, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, nor otherwife charged with Duty, for every ioo/. of the Value -■«■■■■ Skins and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, tanned, tawed, or in any way- dreffed, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, nor otherwife charged with Duty, for every loo/, of the Value	-

Snuff, Duty free.

Snuff is fubje& to a Duty of Excife. Socotonna Aloes, See AJoes.

Specimens of fuch Minerals, Foflils or Ores, which are not particularly enumerated or defcribed, nor otherwife charged with Duty, each Specimen not exceeding in Weight i^lbs., the lb.

■ — exceeding in Weight I4lbs. each, for every ioo/. of the Value	-

Spikenard, the lb.	-	-	-

Spirits, viz.

....—■ Arrack, or Spirits not otherwife enumerated

or defcribed, the Gallon

—	-— Brandy, the Gallon	•

-4—- Geneva, the Gallon *

Rum, the Gallon -	-

-------- the Produce of the Settlement of the Gape

of Good Hope, its Territories or Dependencies, imported direftly from thence, the Gallon	....

Spirits are fubjeft alfo to a Duty of Excife. Squills, dried, the cwt. -

------- not dried, the cwt.	-

Squirrel Skins, See Skins.

Stick Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Duty.	Drawback.
£. /. d.	£. /. 1
0  w  o	—
o o IO	—
O 1 0	—
O 2 IO	—
o o 6	—
096	—
0 * s	—
003	—
0 ii 6	—
096	
zo 0 0	—
V?  0  0	
O 9 2	
20 O O	—
029	0 1 10
0 2 1	1 -
O I II	—-
O I 11	—
0 13	
0 13	—
IOO	—
0 J 0	

Stockings of Cotton, for every ioo/. of the Value -

Stow or Styrax,

■	— Calamity the lb.

-	■ Liquid*, the lb*

■	- ■ in the Tear or Gum. the lb.

Soccades, the lb. *	-	...

Sugar, the cwt. -

For the Conditions under which certain Portions of the Duty on Sugar may be fufpended, according to the Average Price of Mufcovado Sugar, a$ publilhed in the London Gazette, when fuch Price (hall exceed the Sum of 60s. per cwt.; and alfo for the Conditions under which 1/., 2/,, or 31. of the Duty may be fufpended, according to fuch Average Price of Mufcovado Sugar, when fuch Price (hall be under 49s. per cwt.. See the Ad to which this Table is annexed.

Sugar refined, the cwt. -

Note.—The Duties on Sugar imported are to continue in force until the 25th March 1820. See the Ad to which this Table is annexed.

Sugar Candy, vim.

—Brown, the cwt. -

—	—	> ■ White, the ewt,	•*	•

T.

Talc, the lb* «	-	«.

Tamarinds, the lb* -	?

Tea, Duty free.

Tea is fubjed to a Duty of Excifr. \

Teake Wood, See Wood.

Terra Japonioa or Catechu, the lb.

Thread, vm. Cotton Thread, for every xooI of the Value ......

Tin, the cwt. •	#	»	t	•*

lineal. See Borax.

Tobacco, Duty free.

Tobacco is fubjed to a Duty of Excite. Tonnage Duty on Smps or Veffela entering Inwards from Foreign Parts. Set Table E*

Tortoife Shell, vi%.

■ ■	■ , —Manufadura of, for every loot of

the Value Rough, and unmanufadured, the lb.

£• /• d. 67 10 o

020

0 3 4 084 032 200

£. /• d.

o 1 4 022 056

880

12 o

8 o

008

Q o 8

o o 10

67 ID O

5 9 3

Tragacanth Gum, See Gum.

50 e o 040

TABLE (B.) —INWARDS.

Trees, Plants.

Turbith, the lb.

Turmerick, the lb. Turpentine, Oil of. See Oil. Tutus Lapis, See Lapis. Tyger Skins, See Skins.

V.

Duty.

£• /• d, o a 6 o o 8

Drawback.

£• /. d. o i 8 o o 5

Vermicelli, the lb. Vermilion, the lb.

o o 8

0 2 0

o I 4

W.

Walking Canes, 1

■	Sticks, > See Canes^

Wanghee Canes, J

Wafte, viz.

■ ■ ■ ■ Cotton Wafte, See Cotton Wool in Wool.

—	—■ ■ Silk Wafte, See in Silk.

Wax, viz.

■	■■ ■ - Bees Wax, unmanufaftured, the cwtv

..... White or manufa&ured, the cwt. -

—	Candles, See Candles.

Wine, For the Duties and Drawbacks- thereon, See Wine in Table A, Inwards.

Wood, viz.

■	■ Bar Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

■■ ---- Cam Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

■■■ --- Ebony, the Ton containing 20 cwt. -

■■ ■ — Red Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

.... Rofe Wood, the cwt. -

■	■■ Teake Wood, or other Wood fit for Ship-

building, 8 Inches fquare or upwards, the

Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

For the Conditions and Regulations under which Teake or other Wood fit for Ship-building, the Growth or Produce of any Place or Country within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, may be admitted to Entry Duty free. See the 54 Geo. 3. c. 66.

—	"■ ■- Wood fit for Ship-building, See % Teake

Wood.

Wool, viz.

-----Carmenia Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.

3*6

63-6*

o 15 o o 15 o o 15 o o 15 O-100

I 10 o

AJU819.

59* OEO. III.

C.52.

817

I TABLE (B.)-INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Wool—continued.  — Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool,  .... until the 5th January 1820 incluGve,	£. i. d.	£• j. d.
the ioolbs. ... .... from and after the 5th January 1820,	087	—
for every 100/. of the Value The above Duty on Cotton Wool, or Wafte of Cotton Wool, knpofed according to the Value thereof, (hall be charged and payable on all foch Cotton Wool or Wafte of Cotton Wool on which the Duty (hall not have been fully paid on or before the 5th January 1820. See the A€t to which this Table it annexed.  		Lambs Wool, See Sheeps W00L  	 Sheep or Lamb’s Wool, the lb.  .... the Produce of, and imported from, any Britilh Colony or Territory,  - - - - until the 5th January 1823,	600	
	006	
incluiive, thedb.  		 from the 5th January 1823,  until the 5th January 1826,	091	
incluftve, the lb.  - - - - from and after the 5th January	003	—
1826, the lb. ...  Worm Seed, See Seed.	0  0  0\	
Y.  Yarn, vis. Cotton Yarn, the lb. -	0 1 3	—
Z.  Zedoaria, the lb. • - -  , Good*, Wares and Merchandise, being either in part or wholly manufactured, not being enumerated or defcribea, nor otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into nor ufed in	013	0 0 10
Great Britain, for every 100/. of the Value Goods, Wares and Merchandife, not being either in part or wholly manufactured, not being enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into nor ufed in. Great Britain, for every 100/. of the Value	vn  O  O  0	
	20 0 O	—

C. 52.

69° GEO. m.

A,D, ini,

SIB

TABLE (B.)—INWARDS.	f Doty*	Drawback.
Goods, Wares, &c. — continued.  For tie Manner in wtych the Value is to be afcertained of fuch Goods on which the Duties are charged in this Table according to the Value, See 27 Geo. 3. c. 13., 53 Geo. 3. c. icj., and 34 Geo. 3. c. 36.  For the Conditions, Rules and Regulations* | under which the Doty on fnch of the Articles enumerated or defcribed in this Table, as (hall be imported by the Eaft India Company, may be fecured by Bond, See 39 Geo. 3. c. 39. and 54 Geo. 3. c. 36. And for the Conditions, Rules and Regulations refpe&ierg the Payment of the Duty on fudr of the find Articles as ihall be imported by Perfons author rifed to trade within the Limits of the Charter of the faid Company, See 34 Geo. 3. c. 36.	£. /. d.	1 £• /• d*

TABLE C.

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandife exported from Great Britain.

TABLE (C.)—OUTWARDS.	Duty.
Foreign Good&  Linen plain of all Sorts (except Sail Cloths) having been imported into Great Britain, and fecured in Warehouses according to Law, without the full Duties of Cufloms having been paid thereon, and exported from any fuch Warehoufe for Foreign	£. /. d.
Parts, for every 100/. of the true and real Value thereof  Tonnage Duty on Ships or Veflels entering Outwards for Foreign Parts, See Table E.  Goods of the Produce or Manufacture of Grbat  Britain.  1 Cinders, See Coals.  * Coals and Cinders ufually fold by Meafure, viz.	15 0 0
1 Meafure - - -  	exported to any Britifli Colony or Plantation in America,*  the Chaldrqn Winchester Meafure -	0 t 6
	G » 6

jjxm»

59* geo. m.

C.52V



TABLE (C.)—OUTWARDS.	Duty.
Coal*, &c. — continued.  	exported to my of the Territories of the United States  of America,	£, u d.
... . - in a Britifh built Ship, the Chaldron New* cafllr Measure - -..... in a Ship not Britifh built, the Chaldron Newcaftle Meafure ...	0	17 0  1	IO 2
Nete.—Upon the Exportation from any Piet of Great Britain of any Goods, Wares or Merchandife, being the Growth, Production or MmifaClure of the United Kingdom, or of any of His Majeftr't Territories ~in Europe, diteffc to any of the Territories ot the United States of America, ht any Ship or Veffel buik in the Countries belonging to the laid States, os any of them, or taken by any of the Ships or VefTels of War belonging to tie Government, or any of the Inhabitants of the fsrid States, havaig Conaniifiao8 or Letters of Marque and Jfceprifal from the Government of the faid States, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty there, fuch Ship or Veflef being owned by the Subjects of the faid States, or any of them, and whereof the Mailer and Three Fourths of the Mariners are alfo Subjects of the faid States, no higher or other Duties (hail be charged or paid than inch as are charred and payable upon Goods, Wares and Merchandife, of the like Denomination or Defcription, when exported in Britiih built Ships or Veffek navigated and regiltered according to Law-—See 56 Geo. 3. c. 15. which A£k is to oontisoe in force fo long as the Convention between His Majefly and the United States of America (hall continue in force.	
— exported to any other Place,  ..... in a Britifh built Ship, the Chaldron New* caftle Meafure ....	12 0
..... in a Ship not Britifh built, the Chaldron NawcafUe Meafure -r Coals exported in certain Quantities from the Ports of Newcaitle and Swanfey to the Iflands of Jerfey, Guernfey and Alderney,  .1 />i |j u ill w c . *	■ r 15 4  1
the Chaldron Newcaftle Meafure .....	0 12 0
For die Conditions, Regulations and Refcri&ions, under which Coals may be fo exported. See 6 Geo. 3. c. 40.  Coals and Cinders ufually fold by Weight, rix.  —* exported to the I fie of Man, the Ton containing 20 cwt. 	exported to any Britifh Colony or Plantation in America,	010
the Ton containing 20 cwt. ...  —	exported to any of tne Territories of the United States of  America,  - - - in a Britiih built Ship, thw Ton containing 20	0 f 8
cwt. .... - - - in x Ship, not Britiih built, tbs Ton containing	05 9
20 cwt. - - - -;	0 to 0

320

C. 52.

69* GEO. 111.

A.D.1819.

TABLE (C.) —OUTWARDS.	Duty.
Coals, &c. —continued.	
See Note on Coals ufually fold by Meafure, exported to the United States of America.  	exported to any other Place,  - - - in a Britifh built Ship, the Ton containing 20 cwt. - - - *	079
- - - in a Ship not Britifh built, the Ton containing 20 cwt. - - -	0120
Coals, via. Any Coals which fhall have been fcreened through a Riddle or Screen, the Bars of which not being in any Part thereof more than Three eighth Parts of an Inch afunder, fhall on Exportation from any Part of Great Britain, be fubjeA and	
liable to fuch and the like Duties, and no other, as are or may be charged and payable on Culm exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts.	
For the Rules, Regulations and Conditions, under which fuch Coals can only be exported on Payment of the Duty on Culm, See 56 Geo. 3. c. 127.  Culm, vis.  -■ exported to the Ifle of Man, the Chaldron Winchefter Meafure -	
	006
exported to any Britifh Colony or Plantation in America, the Chaldrqn Winchefter Meafure	OIO
	exported to any of the Territories of the United States of  America,  - - - in a Britifh built Ship, the Chaldron Newcaftle Meafure - ...	046
- - - in a Ship not Britifh built, the Chaldron Newcaftle .Meafure ....	*
	080
See Note on Coals ufually fold by Meafure, exported to the United States of Amerioa.  	exported to any other Place,  - - - in a Britifh built Ship, the Chaldron Newcaftle Meafure - -	060
- - - in a Ship not Britifh built, the Chaldron Newcaftle Meafure ....	0 xo 0
Tonnage Duty on Ships or VefTels entering Outwards for Foreign Parts, See Table E.  The following Duty is alfo payable on Goods of tKe Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain exported from thence, viz.  % Goods, Wares and Merchandise of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain (except as hereinafter mentioned) exported to any Port or Place whatever, for every 100/. of the true and real Value thereof	0 10 0

4.D. 181ft.

59° GEO. III.

C,58.

321

TABLE (C.)—OUTWARDS.	Duty.
For the Conditions and Regulations according to which the Value of Britifh Salt exported is to be ascertained, See 54 Geo. 3. c. 50.  EXCEPT,  Bullion.  Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bifcuit, Bran, Grits, Pearl Bar-kj and Scotch Barley, being the Produce or Manufa&ure of Great Britain.  Cotton Yam, or other Cotton Manufactures being of the Manufacture of Great Britain.  Linen of the Manufacture of any Part of the United Kingdom. MeMes.  Military Clothing, Accoutrements or Appointments.  For the Conditions and Regulations under which the Com-miffioners of His Majefly’s Treafury may permit fuch Articles to be exported and fent to any of His Majefty's Forces ferving abroad, Duty free, See 50 Geo. 3. c. 107. Sugar Refined of all Sorts, and Sugar Candy.  Goods, Wares and Merchandife exported from Great Britain to the Ifle of Man, by virtue and under the Authority of any Licence which the Commiffioners of His Majefly’s Cuftoms in England or Scotland, or any Three or more of them, are or may be authorifed and empowered to grant.  Any Sort of Craft, Food, Vi&uais, Clothing or Implements or Materials neceffary for the Britifh Fifheries eftablifhed in the Ifland of Newfoundland, or in any of His Majefty’s Colonies, Iflands or Plantations in North America, on due Entry thereof, and exported from Great Britain to the faid Colonies, Iflands or Plantations.  Woollen Goods of the Manufacture of Great Britain exported to any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies. Militaiy Stores exported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies.  Goods, Wares and Merchandife, exported from Great Britain to the Ifland of Newfoundland, until the 5th July 1824. See the Ad to which this Table is annexed.	£. /. d.

59 Gao. III.

Y

S22

C.5J:

39° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

TABLE (D.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandife, brought or carried Coaftwife from one Port or Place to any other Port or Place within Great Britain; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain.

TABLE (D.) —COASTWISE.

Coals, Culm and Cinders, viz.

- ■ Coals (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought Coaftwife from any Port or Place in Great Britain, into the rort of London, viz.

-	• - in cafe they are fuch as are moft ufually

fold by Weight, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	-

-	- - in cafe they are fuch as are moft ufually

fold by Meafure, the Chaldron Win-chefter Meafure For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ioHS under which a Quantity of Coals, Culm and Cinders, not exceeding 50,000 Tons in the whole, may be "brought within One Year, by the Grand Jun&ion and Paddington Canals to London on Payment of the following Duty, See 45 Geo. 3. c. 128. viz.

For every Ton of Coals fo brought A further Duty of is. 3d. per Ton on Coals fo . brought is alfo payable to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation of London in lieu oY the Duty called Orphan's Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues and Duties payable to that Corporation upon Coals imported into the Port of London.

—- Coals brought down the River Thames nearer to London than the City's Stone placed on the Weft Side of Staines Bridge in the County of Middlefex, and on which the

........Coaft Duties (hall not have been paid, the

Ton	-	-	-	-

A further Duty of is, *d. per Ton on Coals fo brought is alfo payable to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation of London in lieu of the Duty called Orphan's Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues and Duties payable to that Corporation upon Coals imported into the Port of London.

Duty.

£. s. d.

Drawback.

£. x- 1

076

094

040

o 5 10

076

o to o

Coal*, See. — continued.

For the Conditions, Rules and Regulations under which Coals may be fo brought, and fuch Duties received. See 50 Geo. 3. c. 1 io.

-	-	Coals	laden on board any Ship or VeiTel cleared

Coaftwife at any Port in England or Wales, and delivered in any Part beyond the Sea, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof (hall have been paid, the Mafter of fuch Ship or VeiTel (hall not be permitted again to enter or clear the (aid Ship or Vef-fel Coaftwife, or for Parts beyond the Seas, before he (hall have paid not only the Export Duties on the greateft Quantity of Coals which it (hall appear the VeiTel is capable of containing, but alfo the further Sum of 3/. for every fuch Chaldron of Coals, Winchef-ter Meafure, to be applied and appropriated to the fame Ufes with the refpe&ive Duties payable on Coals exported.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which fuch Duty of Three Shillings the Chaldron may be returned. See 52 Geo. 3. c. p.

•----■ Coals (hipped Coaftwife at any Port in Scot-

land, and delivered in any Part beyond the Seas, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof (hall have been paid, the Mafter of the VeiTel (hall not be permitted again to enter or clear out at any Port in Great Britain until he (hall have paid not only the Duties due on the Exportation of fuch Coals, but in addition thereto for every Chaldron thereof fo entered Coaftwife, Winchefter Meafure	....

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which the faid Duty of Three Shillings the Chaldron (hall be repaid, See 25 Geo. 3. c. 54.

—	■■ Coals (except Charcoal made ofWood) brought

Coaftwife from any Port in Great Britain into any other Port in England or Wales, (except the Port of London, and alfo except Coals brought or carried Coaftwife within the Principality of Wales, until ift Auguft 1820,) viz.

-	- - m cafe they are fuch as are moft ufually

fold by Weight, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	-

-	- - in cafe they are fuch as are moft v^fually

Y 2

d.

s. A

030

040

\

038

TABLE (D.) —COASTWISE.

Coals, dec.— continued.

fold by Meafure, the Chaldron, Win-chefter Meafure -- *— ■ Coals fent Coaftwife from the Port of New-caftle upon Tyne to any other Port in Great Britain, the Chaldron, Newcaftle Meafure -

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which the Duties on Coals brought Coaftwife, or from any Port or Place to any other Port or Place within England, may be fecured by Bond, See 27 Geo. 3. c. 32.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Coals may be carried from Ellen-foot to Bank End in the County of Cumberland, or from any Creek or Place to any other Creek or Place between Ellenfoot and Bank End aforefaid, without Payment of any Duty of Cuftoms, See 8 Geo. I. c. 14.

—— Coals carried from any Part of the Lancafter Canal, or any of the Branches thereof, or from any Part or Place within the Hundred of Lonfaale in the County of Lancafter into the Ulverftone Canal, acrofs or along the Bay or Eftuary feparating the Two Canals, are not liable to any Duty of Cuftoms.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Coals may be carried on the Mon-mouthfhire Canal, and afterwards carried or conveyed from any Port or Place to the Eaft-ward of the Iflands called the Holmes, to any other Port or Place in or upon the River Severn, alfo to the Eaftward of the laid Iflands, without paffing to the Weft ward thereof, without Payment of Duty, See 37 Geo. 3. c. 100.

And for the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Coals may be carried or conveyed on the Monmouthfhire Canal, or on any of the Railways or Tram Roads conne&ed therewith, and afterwards carried to the Port of Bridgewater only by a Paffage to the Weft-ward of the Iflands called the Holmes, notwith-ftanding the Reftri&ions before mentioned, without Payment of Duty, See 42 Geo. 3. c. 115. of the Public Local and Perfonal A&s.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which a Drawback (hall be allowed of all the Duties on Coals ufed for melting Cop«-per and Tin Ores within the Counties ox Cornwall and Devon, See 9 Ann. c. 6.

Duty.

£•

d.

060

Drawback.

£. /. d. 056

Coals, &c. — continued*

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which a Drawback (hall be allowed of all the Duties on Coals which (hall be ufed in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Tin and Copper within the County of Cornwall, Sec 14 Geo. 2. 0.41.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which a Drawback (hall be allowed of all the Duties paid on all Coals that (hall be ufed for Fire Engines in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead, or for calcining or fmelting Lead Ores, within the County of Devon, See 51 Geo. 3. c. 83.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which a Drawback (hall be allowed of all the Duties paid on all Coals confumed in Fire or Steam Engines ufed for the purpofe of drawing or raining Ores, or dead Stun or Rubbifh, out of the Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, See 53 Geo. 3. c. 18.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which a Drawback (hall be allowed and made of all the Duties that have been paid on any Coals ufed for Fire Engines in Mines of Lead, or for calcining or fmelting Lead Ores, within the County ofCornwall, See 56 Geo. 3. c- *34-

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which a Drawback (hall be allowed of all the Duties on Coals ufed in calcining or fmelting Copper and Lead Ores, within the lfle of Angleley, or which (hall be ufed in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper and Lead within the faid lfle, See 26 Geo. 3. c. 104. and the A& to which this Table is annexed.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which all the Duties on Coals ufed for

£.

/•

d*

£.

/•

d.

any Purpofe relating to the carrying on the Works for the manufa&uring of Tin Plates, and for other Purpofes at Pennygored in the County of Pembroke, called the Pennygored Works, (hall be repaid, provided the Amount thereof (hall not exceed 1000L in any One Year, See 35 Geo. a. c. 39.

— ■ — Coals (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought or carried Coaftwife to any Port within the Principality of Wales, until the ifI Auguft 1820, viz*

Y S

Coals, &c.—continued.	£.

- - - in cafe they are fuch as are moft ufually fold by Weight, the Ton containing 20 cwt.	-	-	o

- - - in cafe they are fuch as are moft ufually fold by Meafure, the Chaldron Win-chefter Meafure	-

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions, under which a Drawback (hall be allowed of all the above Duties on Coals ufed for any Purpofe relating to the carrying on the Works for the manufacturing of Tm Plates at Penny-gored in the County of Pembroke, called the Pennygored Works, fuch Drawback not exceeding the Sum of iooo/• in any One Year, See the A€t to which this Table is annexed.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which the above Duties on all Coals which (hall be ufed in calcining or fmelting Copper or Lead Ore, within the Ifle of Angle-fey, or which (hall be ufed in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper or Lead within the faid Ifle, (hall be repaid, See the A€t to which this Table is annexed.

Note.—Coals brought Coaftwife to any Port or Place within the Principality of Wales, on and after the ift Auguft 1820,‘will be fubje£t and liable to fuch and the like Duties as now are, or then may be payable on Coals brought Coaftwife into any Port of England, except the Port of London, See the A61 to which this Table is annexed.

— Culm brought Coaftwife from any Port or Place in Great Britain into the Port of London, the Chaldron Winchefter Meafure -For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftriffcions, under which a Quantity of Coals, Culm and Cinders, not exceeding 50,000 Tons in the whole, may be brought within One Year by the Grand Jun6tion and Paddington Canals to London on Payment of the following Duty, See 45 Geo. 3. c. 128. viz.

For every Ton of Culm fo brought A further Duty of ix. 3d. per Ton on Culm fo brought is aifo payable to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation of London in lieu 01 the Duty called Oiphan’s Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues and l)uties payable to that Corporation upon Culm imported into the Port of London.

o

o

o

/•

J.

£.

X. d.

0	9

1	o

5 °

o 1	5

7 6

Coals, Scc.—continued.	£. /.	d.

—— Culm brought down the River Thames nearer to London than the City’s Stone placed on the Weft Side of Staines Bridge m the County "of Middlefex, and on which the Coaft Duties (hall not have been paid, the Ton -	-	-	-	o	io	a

A further Duty of I#, xd. per Ton, on Culm fo brought, is alfo payable to the proper Officer of the ^Cuftoms, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation of London in lieu of the Duty called Orphan’s Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues and Duties payable to that Corporation upon Culm imported into the Port of London.

For the Conditions, Rules and Regulations under which Culm may be fo brought, and fuch Duties received. See 50 Geo. 3. c. no.

— Culm laden on board any Ship or Veffel cleared Coaftwife at any Port in England or Wales, and delivered in any Part beyond the Sea, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof (hall have been paid, the Mafter of fuch Ship or Veffel (hail not be permitted again to enter or clear the faid Ship or Veffel Coaftwife, or for Parts beyond the Seas, before he (hall have paid not only the Export Duties on the greateft Quantity of Culm which it (hall appear the Veffel is capable of containing, but alfo the further Sum of 3/. for every fuch Chaldron of Culm, Winchefter Meafure, to be applied and appropriated to the fame Ufes with the refpel live Duties payable on Culm ex* ported.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which fuch Duty of 3/. the Chaldron may be returned. See 52 Geo. 3. c. 9.

■ Culm (hipped Coaftwife at any Port in Scotland and delivered in any Part beyond the Seas, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof (hall have been paid, the Mafter of the Veffel (hall not be permitted again to enter or clear out at any Port in Great Britain, until he (hall have paid not only the Duties due on the Exportation of fucn Culm, but in addition thereto, for every Chaldron thereof fo entered Coaftwife, Winchefter Meafure -	-	030

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions

Y4

£. s. d.

328

C. 52.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

TABLE (D.)—COASTWISE.	Duty.	Drawback.
Coals, &c.—continued.  under which the faid Duty of 3-r. the Chaldron {hall be repaid, See 25 Geo. 3. c. 54.  		Culm to be ufed for the burning of Lime,  carried from any Place within the Limits of the Port of Milford in the County of Pembroke, to any other Place within the Counties of Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan or Merioneth, the Chaldron Winchefter Mea-	£. /. d.	£• i. d.
furfc -	0 1 s	—
For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Culm may be fo carried, on Payment of the above Duty, See 33 Geo. 2. c. 15.  ■ ■ — ■ Culm, brought Coaftwife from any Port in Great Britain into any other Port in England or Wales, except the Port of London, and except Culm carried from	• **	
Milford as before mentioned, and alfo except Culm brought or carried Coaftwife within the Principality of Wales, until the 1 ft Auguft 1820, the Chaldron Winchefter		
Meafure -  		 Culm carried from any Part of the Lancafter  Canal, or any of the Branches thereof, or from any Part or Place within the Hundred of Lonfdale in the County of Lancafter into the Ulverftone Canal, acrofs or along the Bay or Eftuary feparating the Two Canals, are not liable to any Duty of Cuftoms.  —— Culm, brought or carried Coaftwife tp any Port within the Principality of Wales, until the 1 ft Auguft 1820, viz.  - - - in cafe moft ufually fold by Weight, the	0 * 3	012
Ton containing 20 cwt.  - — in cafe moft ufually fold by Meafure, the Chaldron Winchefter Meafure -Note. — Culm brought Coaftwife to any Port or Place within the Principality of Wales, on and after the lit Auguft 1820, will be fubje& and liable tp fuch and the like Duties, as now are, or then may be payable on Culm brought Coaftwife into any Port of England, except the Port of London. See the A& to which this Table is annexed.  For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&kras under which Culm may be carried on the Motimouthihire Canal, and afterwards carried or conveyed from any Port or Place to the	0 0 1]	
	0 0 3	

TABLE (D.) — COASTWISE.

Duty.

Drawback.

Coals, &c. —continued.

Eaflward of the Iflands called the Holmes to any other Port or Place in or upon the River Severn, alfo to the Eaflward of the faid Iflands, without palling to the Weft ward thereof, without Payment of Duty, See 37 Geo. 3. cap. ioo. ’ And for the Condi-tions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Culm may be carried or conveyed on the Monmouthmire Canal, or on any of the Railways or Tram Roads conneded therewith, and afterwards carried to the Port of Bridge-water only by a Paflage to the Weft ward of the Iflands called the Holmes, notwithftanding the Reftri&ions before mentioned, without Payment of Duty, See 42 Geo. 3. c. 115. of the Public Local and Perfonal Ads.

—	Cinders made of Pit Coal brought Coaftwife

from any Port in Great Britain, into any other Port in England or Wales, the Chaldron Winchefter Meafure For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftridions under which a Quantity of Coals, Culm and Cinders, not exceeding 50,000 Tons in the Whole, may be brought within One Year by the Grand Jundion and Paddington Canals to London, on Payment of the following Duty, See 45 Geo. 3. c. 12$.

For every Ton of Cinders fo brought A further Duty of u. 3d. per Ton on Cinders fo brought, is alfo payable to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation of London, in lieu of the Duty called Orphan’s Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues and Duties payable to that Corporation upon Cinders imported into the Port of London.

—	Cinders brought down the River Thames

nearer to London than the City’s Stone placed on the Weft Side of Staines Bridge, in the County of Middlefex, and oa winch the Coaft Duties ihall not have been paid, the Ton -	-

A further Duty of 1/. 3d. per Ton on Cinders fo brought, is alfo payable to the proper Officer of the Cuftoms, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation of London, in lieu of the Duty called Orphan’* Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues and Duties payable to that Corporation upon Cinders imported into the Port of London.

£. x.

d.

£.



d.

o " 6 o

076

o 10 o

I

Coals, &c.—continued.

For the Conditions, Rules and Regulations under which Cinders may be fo brought, and fuch Diities received, See 50 Geo. 3. c. 110.

— — Cinders laden on board any Ship or Veflel cleared Coaitwife at any Port in England or Wales, and delivered in any Part beyond the Sea, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof (hall have been paid, the Mailer of fuch Ship or Veflel fhall not be permitted again to enter or clear the faid Ship or Veflel Coailwife, or for Parts beyond the Seas, before he (hall have paid not only the Export Duties on the greateft Quantity of Cinders which it (hall appear the Veflel is capable of containing, but alfo the further Sum of 3/. for every fuch Chaldron of Cinders, Winchefter Meafure, to be applied and appropriated to the lame Ufes with the refpe&ive Duties payable on Cinders exported.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which fuch Duty of 3;. the Chaldron may be returned, See 52 Geo. 3. c. 9.

■	Cinders (hipped Coailwife at any Port in

Scotland, and delivered in any Part beyond the Seas, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof (hall have been paid, the Mailer of the Veflel (hall not be permitted again to enter or clear out at any Port in Great Britain, until he (hall have paid not only the Duties due on the Exportation pf fuen Cinders, but, in addition thereto, for every Chaldron thereof fo entered Coailwife, Winchefter Meafure

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which the faid Duty of 3/. the Chaldron (hall be repaid, See 25 Geo. 3. c. 54.

■	— - Cinders carried from any Part of the Lan-

cafter Canal or any of the Branches thereof, or from any Part or Place within the Hundred of Lonfdale, in the County of Lan-cafter, into the Ulverftone Canal, acrofs or along the Bay or Eiluary feparating the Two Canals, are not liable to any Duty of Cuftoms.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions under which Coals, Culm, Cinders or Coked Coals burnt from Pit Coal, on which the proper Duties (hall have been paid or fecured*

d.

£.

030

Coals, &c.—continued1

may be brought or carried Coaftwife from any Port or Place in Great Britain to any other Port or Place in England or Wales, without Payment of any further Duty of Cuftoms, See 9 & io Wm. 3. c. 13. and 55 Geo. 3. c. 174.

Slate, of the Production of Great Britain, brought Coaftwife from any Port or Place within Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein, for every 100/. of the Value	...

Stone, of the Production of Great Britain, brought Coaftwife from any Port or Place within Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein (except as hereinafter mentioned), for every 100/. of the Value	....

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftriftions under which any Marble, Limeftone or Iron-ftone whatever; any Stone cut or manufactured into Mill Stones, Grind Stones or Whet Stones, or either of them; any Stone manufactured or converted into Pofts, and Caps for Corn Stacks or Mowfteads, Troughs, Gate Pofts or other Articles ufed for the Purpofes of Hufbandry; or Stone ufed for the pur-pofe of repairing and upholding Sea Banks and Sea Walls in Great Britain; any Growan Stone, or Stone commonly called or known by the Name of Growan Stone, or Stone commonly called or known by the Name of China Stone, or any other Stone to be ufed in the Manufacture of Porcelain or of Pottery, or any Stones whatever cut or manufactured into Burr Stones, may be entered without Payment of Duty, See 34 Geo. 3. c.51. and 39 & 40 Geo. 3. cap. 51.

For the Conditions, Regulations and Reftriftions under which the Duty on Stones that have been ufed in making Barn Floors, may be repaid, See the Aft to which this Table is annexed.

£.

26

26

/.

d.

£.

X.

8

o

26

8

8 o

d

0

A

TABLE (E.)

A TABLE of the TONNAGE DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Ship* or Veffel* entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballaft) in any Port of Great Britain from or to Foreign Parts.

TABLE (E.)—TONNAGE.	Duty.
Tonnage Duty on Ships and Veflels entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballaft) in any Port of Great Britain from or to Foreign Parts, viz.  For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Veffel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballaft) from or to the Iflanda of Guernfey, Jerley, Sark or Alderney, the Greenland Seas, the Southern Whale Filhery, the Iflands of Newfoundland, Cape Breton, St. John or Prince	£. x. d.
Edward’s Ifland, or the Coaft of Labrador  For the Sufpenfion of this Duty, as far as it relates to Ships and Veflels entering Inwards or Outwards in any Port of Great Britain from or to the Ifland of Newfoundland, until the 5th July 1824, See the Aft to which this Table is annexed.	0 0 6
For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Veffel entering Inwards or Outwards (except m Ballaft) from or to the Cape of Good Hope ...  For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Veflel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballaft) from or to any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to  _ TIC*	ft Y ^ * 		 — a*L _ V'i . _ £ T T - .	026
the .halt Indies, except the Cape 01 Good Hope -For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Verfel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballaft) from or to any Port or Place not otnerwife enumerated or defcribed.	030
except the Ifle of Man - -N For every Ton Burthen of every Packet or Paffage Veffel belonging to the Subjefts of His Moft Chriftian Majefty, which (hall lade or unlade any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, or take in or fet on Shore any Paffengers, in any Port, Creek, Harbour or Road of Great Britain, except any Ship or Veffel ufed only for the Purpofea of Plealure, and which (hall not cany any Goods, Wares or	OlO
Merchandife, or any Paffengers, for Hire or Reward Note.—His Majefty is empowered by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, iffued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majefty’s Order or Orders in Council to be publimed from time to time in the London Gazette, to direft fuch Duty or Duties as (hall be therein Specified, to be levied, collefted and paid in the Ports of Great Britain, on the entering or clearing out of the Packets or Paffage Veflels of fuch Foreign Countries as (hall be named in the faid Proclamations or Orders in Council, and from time to time, by any fuch Proclamations or Orders in Council iffued or publiflied as af6refaid, to revoke, diminifli or increafe fuch Duties to the fame Amount as fimilar Duties may be refpeftively revoked,	036

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. IIL

C. 52.

S3S

TABLE (E.)—TONNAGE.	Duty.
Tonnage Duty, See.—continued.  diminifhed or increafed on Britilh Packets or Paffage Veffels entering or clearing out from the Ports or Harbours of fuch Foreign Countries. But no fuch Proclamations or Orders in Council (hall extend to any Ship or Veffel ufed only for the Purpofes of Pleafure, and which (hall not carry any Goods, Wares or Merchandife, or any Paffengers, for Hire or Reward. See 56 Geo. 3. cap. 9.  Note.—The Tonnage Duty is not payable on Ships or Veffels employed in the Fifheries on the Coaft of Great Britain, and not entering Outwards for Foreign Parts % or on any Ships or Veffels bringing Oyfters from Jerfey or Guernfey; or on any Britiih or lrilh built Ship or Veflel owned by Britiih Subie&s, which is not required to be regiftered. See the Ad to which this Table is annexed.	£. /. 4.

TABLE (F.)

LISTS of ARTICLES which may be Lodged in 'Warehouses, or otherwife fecured, at approved Ports in Great Britain, under the Rules, Regulations and Securities required by Law, without Payment, at the time of the Firft Entry, of the Duties due on the Importation thereof.-

TABLE (F.) —WAREHOUSED GOODS.

LIST (A.)

A Lift of Articles which when imported into the Port of London may be lodged and fecured in Warehouses within the Premifes fituated at the I lie of Dogs, belonging to the Weft India Dock Company.

Cocoa Nuts

Coffee

Sugar

Caifia Fiftula Annotto or Rocou Anguftura Bark Cotton Wool



Not being the Produce of, nor imported from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies.

Ginjger I Indigo Mahogany Melafles

Imported from the Weft Indies, and alfo ► all other Articles fo imported which are enumerated in Lift E.

Pimento

Rum

Cocoa Nuts

Coffee

Sugar

Cotton Wool

Ginger

Indigo

Mahogany

Melafles

Being the Growth or Produce of, and imported dire&ly from any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal.

Pimento

Rum

LIST (B.)

A Lift of Articles which when imported into the Port of London may be lodged and fecured in Warehoufes within the Premifes belonging to the London Dock Company.

Brandy

Geneva and other Spirits

Rice

Tobacco

Wine

Not being the Produce of, nor imported from any Place within the Limits of the _ Charter granted to the United Company ► of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies (Spirits and Wine excepted), or not being imported from the Weft Indies.

Cocoa Nuts

Coffee

Sugar

Cotton Wool Ginger Indigo Mahogany

Being the Growth or Produce of, and imported dire&ly from any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal.

Melalles

Pimento

Rum

Spirits

Wine

4

Being the Produce of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the

-	United Company of Merchants of Eng-

-	' land trading to the Eaft Indies, and

imported otherwife than by the faid United Company.

LIST (C.)

A Lift of Articles which ( not being the Produce of, nor imported from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, or not being imported from * the Weft Indies) may be lodged and fecured in Places approved by the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms.

Brimftone.

Cork.

Hemp undreffed.

Iron in Bars.

Iron flit or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn or hammered lefs than 1 of an Inch fquare.

Kelp.

Mahogany.

Marble Blocks.

Oil of Turpentine.

Pitch.

Rape Seed. Rofin.

Staves.

Tallow.

Tar.

Timber.

Tow.

Turpentine.

Wood.

Zaffre or Cobalt. Linfeed.

A.D.181A

69° GEO. lit

c. si.

838

LIST (D.)

A Lift of Articles which (not being the Produce of, nor imported from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, or not being imported into the Port of London from the Weft Indies) may be lodged and fecured in Warehoufes or Places approved by the Connxriffioners of the Cuftoms.

Hides.

Oil of Britifh Fifhing, viz.

---- Spermaceti or Head Matter.

----Train Oil, and all other Filh Oil. _

Blubber of Britifh Fifhing.

Whale Fins of Britifh Fifhing.

Skins and Furs, viz.

----Indian Deer Skins, half drefled or fhaved.

— Skins and Furs of all Sorts, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dreffed.

LIST (E.)

A Lift of Articles which (not being the Produce of, nor imported from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, or not being imported into the Port of London from the Weft Indies) may be lodged and fecured at fuch Ports, and in fuch Warehoufes, or other Places, as now are or may be approved and dire&ed by the Lords Commiifioners of His Majefty’s Treafury.

Alkermes.

Almonds.

Anchovies. Anguftnra Bark. Amfeed.

Annotto or Rocou. Arrow Root.

Aihes.

Balfam of all Sorts. Barilla.

Beads, viz.

-----Amber Beads.

-----Coral Beads.

Bees Wax.

Briftles undreffed. Bock Wheat. Cantharides.

Catlini

or Luteftrincrs.

Chip Hats. Citrat of Lime.

Clover Seed.

Cochineal.

Cochineal Duft.

Cocoa Nuts.

Coffee.

Cotton Wool.

Cotton Yarn.

Currants.

Elephants Teeth.

Effence of Bergamot.

-------of Lemon.

— — of Spruce, the Produce of the Britifh Colonies in America, and imported from thence. Euphorbium.

Feathers for Beds.

Figs.

Flax.

Ginger.

Ginleng.

Granilla.

Gum Arabic.

Gum Copal.

—	Senegal.

—	Guaiacum.

Hams.

Harp firings.

Hones.

Jalap.

Jefuita Bark.

Jet.

India Rubbers.

Indigo.

Ifinglafs.

Juice of Lemons.

----of Limes.

Juice of Oranges.

Juniper Berries.

Lamp BJack.

Linen, plain, of all Sorts (except Sail Cloth.)

Linfeed Cakes.

Liquorice Powder.

Lift (E.) — continued.

hogany.

Manna.

Mercury.

Mohair Yarn.

Molafles.

Oil of Almonds.

—	of Amber.

—	of Anifeed.

----of Bay.

----of Cajaputa.

----of Caraway.

----of Caflia.

----of Caftor.

----Chemical, not otherwife enumerated.

----of Cinnamon.

----of Cloves.

—	of Jeffamine.

—	of Juniper.

—	of Lavender.

—- of Linfeed.

—	of Mace.

—	of Maijoram.

—- of Nutmegs.

----of Olives.

—	of Oranges.

----of Palm.

----Perfumed, not

merated.

—	of Pine.

otherwife enu-

Oil, Rock.

----of Rofemary.

—	of Rofewood.

----Salad.

----of Saftafras.

—- of Spike.

—- of Thyme.

-— of Turpentine. •

----of Walnut.

Opium.

Orange Flower Water.

-------------	■	Ointment.

Pearl Barley.

Pi&urea.

Pimento.

Pitch, Burgundy.

Pot8, Mehing.

Prunes.

Quickfilver.

Radix Serpen tarise.

Rags.

Raifins of. all Soru.

Rape Cakes.

Rhinehurft.

Rhubarb.

Rum.

Saccharum Saturni.

Saffron.

Sal Ammoniacus.

—- Gem.

----Limonum or Acetofella.

----Prunella.

—	Succini.

Saphora.

Sarfaparilla.

Sena.

Silk, Raw, Thrown, or Wafte. Smalts.

Straw Hats.

Succus Liquoritix, or Liquorice Juice.

Sugar.

Tapioca.

Tar, Barbadocs.

Tornfal.

Toys.

Verdigris.

Vermilion.

Vinelloes.

And all other Goods unmanufactured, except Salt.

ft 1819.

59* GEO. IIL

SS7

C. 52,53.

For the Conditions, Regulations, Reftri&ions and Securities under which Goods enumerated in tne preceding Lifts may be lodged and fecured in appro vedPlaces, See43 Geo. 3.cap. 132. — 45 6eo. 3. cap. 87. — 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. — 47 Geo. 3. cap. 48. — 48 Oeo. 3. cap. 126.— 49 Geo. 3. cap. 106. — 50 Geo. 3. cap. 64. — 52 Geo. 3. cap. 142.

LIST (F.)

A Lift of Articles which may be lodged and fecured in approved Places, under the Conditions, Regulations and Reftri&ions dire&ed by particular Statutes.

Tobacco and Snuff. See 29 Geo. 3. cap. 68.

Goods, Wares and Merchandise, being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies. See 39 Geo. 3. cap. 59. — 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. — and 54 Geo. 3. cap. 36.

Corn, Meal, and Flour. See 55 Geo. 3. c. 26.

CAP. Lni.

An Ad for granting to His Maiefty certain additional Duties of Excife on Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff,

Pepper, Malt and Britijb Spirits, and confolidating the fame with the former Duties thereona, and for amending certain Laws of Excife relating thereto.	[2d	July	18190

4	Moft Gracious Sovereign,

*	1T7E, Your Majefty's moft dutiful and loyal Subje&s, the Com-4 W mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

4 in Parliament affembled, towards raifing the Supplies neceffary to 4 defray the Expences of Your Majefty’s Government, have freely 4 and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto Your Majefty the 4 feveral Rates and Duties of Excife herein refpe&ively mentioned ;

*	and do therefore moft humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may

*	be ena&ed And be it ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and

by the Authority of the fame, That there (hall be raifed, levied, col- The Duties lofted and paid, to and for the Ufe of His Majefty, His Heirs and specified in the Succeffors, upon the feveral Goods, Wares, Merchandise and Com- snnexed Scha-modities mentioned and deferibed in the Schedules A. and B. refpec-lively hereunto annexed, the feveral Sums of Money and Duties of SpCClfie^ Excife as they are refpe&ively inferted, deferibed and fet forth in the in Schedule C. faid Schedules, over and above all Duties that have been continued paid and a)-or paid, or that fhall have been or may be granted, laid or impofed low«A* thereon, or in refpe& thereof, by any A& or A&s of the prefent Seflion of Parliament; and that there fhall be allowed and paid to the feveral Perfons entitled to the fame, the feveral Drawbacks of Excife 59 Geo. III.	Z	refpe&ively

C. 88.

39* GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Commencement of

Duties and Drawbacks.

Duties on Ac Articles herein mentioned to

new Duties

except Arrears,

fcc.

Proviso for Duties on Malt, Tobacco aodSnu ff, of c. 3. ante, and on Excise

Duties and Drawbacks proportionate to the actual Quantity.

paid into Exchequer and earned to Con-aolidated Fund.

refpeftively inferted, deferibed and fet forth in the Schedule C. here* unto annexed ; and that the faid feveral Duties and Drawbacks refpec-tively, and the feveral Provifions of this Ad, (hall refpeftively commence and take effect on and from the refpeftive Days hereinafter in that behalf mentioned, in every Cafe in which a particular Day is hereinafter fpecified; and in all Cafes where no other particular Day is fpecified, from the Fifth Day of July m the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

II.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the Days refpeftively on which the Duties hereby hnpofed fhall xefpeftively commence and take effeft, all and fingular the Duties on Tea, Tobacco and Snuff, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, and on Pepper (not being Cayenne, Long Pepper or Guinea Pepper), and on Malt refpeftively, and on Beer imported or brought from Ireland into Great Britain, and on Wort or Wafh brewed or made for extracting Spirits in England for Home Coafumprion, and on Spirits extracted m England tor Home Confumption, or extrafted in England and imported or brought into Scotland, or extracted in Scotland and imported or brought into England, or extrafted. in Ireland and imported or brought direftly into England or Scotland refpeftively, or into England through Scotland, and the Drawbacks payable in Great Britain on Tea, Tobacco and Snuff, Chocolate, Malt and Beer exported, fhall ceafe and determine, and he no longer paid or payable ; fave and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrear thereof refpeftively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto refpeftrvdy, which fhall have been incurred at any time before , or on the fad Days refpeftively ; and fave and except the Duties of Cnftoxms payable an Tobacco ana Snuff, which fhall not ceafe or determine util die Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen: Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to repeal or in anywife alter the Duties upon Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, continued by an Aft made in the pre-lent Seffion of Parliament, intituled An Alt for continuing id Bis Majefy certain Dudes on Matt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain, and on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal EJlates in England, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand eigth hundred and nineteen ; and the Duties payable on Excife Licences.

III.	And be it further enafted, That in all Cafes where Duties are impofed or Drawbacks allowed by this Aft on any fpecific Quantity of Goods, Wares, Merchandise or Commodities, the fame fhall in every Cafe be underftood and deemed and taken' to apply m the fame Proportion, and after the fame Rate, to any greater or left Quantity than fucli fpecific Quantity.

IV.	And be it mrtner enafted, That fuch of the Duties by* this Aft impofed as (hall arife in that Part’of Great Britain called England, fhall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of Excife in England for the time being ; and fuch thereof as fhall arife in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

V.	And be it further enafted. That all the Monies arifing by the Duties hereby impofed (the neceffary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted), ihall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wdtmnffer, and maR

7

be

A.ftisil.

5*GBO. III.

C. 53.

$39

W eartied to and made Part of the Confolidatcd Fuad of the United Kingdom of Gteat Britain and Inland.

4 VI. And Wheread an A ft was patted in the Idl SefTion of Par- 58 G.3. c.

4 foment, intituled	/or raifing the Sum of Three Millions by the

* Transfer of certain Three Pounds per Centum Annuities into other An-4 modes, at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum ; and 4 for granting Annuities to dsfcharge certain Exchequer Bills: And 4 Wtareas no Protifion hat been made by Parliament for the Payment 4 of the Charges occafioned by the faid Aft Be it therefore enafted,

Hat from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred The yearly Sum and nineteen, out of the Monies fo to be paid into the laid Receipt ,**«.^>3**b of His Majefty’s Eachaauer as aforefaid, there (hall be fet apart the	of

vcarly Sum of One muuon one hundred and three thoufand three Duty on Malt Bandied and twenty feren Pounds, being the aggregate Amount of hereby repealed tfe Duties of Excife on Malt hereby repealed, upon an Average set apart in of Two Yeart ending on the Fifth Day of January One thoufand quarterly Pay-eight hundred and nineteen ; and which yearly Sum fhall be fet apart Renudndw a£ v	1	^	~	on the Fifth Day of January, piied as here.n

by Four equal Portions _	#	^	______

the Fifth Day of Aprils the Fifth Day of July9 and the Tenth Day directed* of OBober in every Year; and after fetting apart the faid Sum of One million one hundred and three thouland three hundred and twenty feren Pounds, the Remainder of the Monies fo to be paid into the Exchequer as aforefaid fall be deemed an Addition made to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the purpofe of defraying the focreafed annual Charge occafioned by the Loan made, "or Stock treated, by virtue of the faid Aft of the lad: Seffion of Parliament.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That orft of the Monies fo to be Tbeyeariy Sum

a into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer as aforefaid, there 7>4 40,074b be fet apart the yearly Sum of Seven millions four hundred and ^ttooTlSiL0 forty thoufand and feventy four Pounds Fifteen Shillings, being the cise cm Tec, &c. aggregate Amount of the Duties of Excife on Tea, Tobacco and hereby repealed. Scuff, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts and Pepper, on Beer imported from Ireland, ■** •P«rt fo Sad on Wort or Wafh made for extrafting Spirits in England for Home Confumption, and on Spirits extrafted in England for Home Reminder ^ Confumption, or imported into Scotland, or extrafted in Scotland plied as directed, and imported into England, or extrafted in Ireland and imported into England or Scotland, or into England through Scotland, hereby repealed, upon an Average of Two Years ending on the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ; and which yearly Sum (hall be fet apart by Four equal Portions Quarterly, on foe Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April', the Fifth Day of Jufy, and the Tenth Day of OBober, in every Year; and after fetting apart the faid Sum of Seven millions four hundred and forty thoufand and feventy four Pounds Fifteen Shillings, the Remainder of the Monies fo to be paid into the Exchequer as laft aforefaid (except the Sum of Sixty fix thoufand fix hundred and ninety nine' Exception u to Fqowds, being a Moiety of the eftimated annual Amount of the 66,699b Half iomeafod Duty on Tea hereby granted), fhall be deemed an Addition	Amomit of

made to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the purpofe of	*7 on

defraying the increased annual Charge occafioned by the Loan made, or Stock created# by any Aft faffed or to be paffed in the prefcnt,

Seffion of Parliament.

VIII.	And he it further enafted. That the Sum of Sixty fix thott- How the said fond fix hundred and nfcstr nine Pounds, being the other Moiety of 66,699!. o> b*

Z 2	the	W»W-

C.53.

59° GEO. IIL

A.D. 1819.

560.3* c. 17-

Duties and Drawbacks under this Act to be levied and allowed as former Dudes and Drawbacks of Excise;

and the Goods liable to the Regulations of former Acts.

the eftimated annual Amount of the increafed Duty on Tea hereby granted, (hall be fet apart by Four equal Portions Quarterly, on tile Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of Odober in every Year, and (hall be iflued and applied in fuch and the like Manner, and to and for the fame Ufes and Purpofes as the Monies ari(ing by an A61 made in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, certain additional Duties of Excife in Great Britain, are or (hall be from time to time by any A& or A&s of Parliament dire&ed to be iflued and applied.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That the (aid feveral Sums of Money refpe&ively inferted, deferibed and fet forth in the faid refpe&ive Schedules A. and B. hereunto annexed, as the Duties and Countervailing Duties of Excife hereby impofed, and the Drawbacks fet forth in the faid Schedule C., upon the feveral Goods, Wares, Merchandife or Commodities refpe&ively mentioned therein, (hall and may be refpe&ively railed, levied, collo&ed, anfwered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed, in fuch and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the general or fpecial Means, Ways or Methods, (except fo far as the lame are hereby altered,) by which the former Duties and Drawbacks of Excife refpe&ively, upon Goods, Wares, Merchandife or Commodities of the fame Sorts or Kinds refpe&ively, were or might be railed, levied, colk&ed, anfwered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed; and that the Duties refpe&ively hereby impofed upon Tobacco and Snuff, Coffee and Cocoa, and upon Pepper refpe&ively, (hall be paid by and levied and recovered from the lame Perfon and Perfons by whom fuch Goods refpe&ively (hall have been or (hall be taken out of the Warehoufe, on Payment of the former Duties thereon, on or after the Ninth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ; and that the Goods, Wares, Merchandife or Commodities fo by this A& refpe&ively made liable to the Payment of, or chargeable with Duties of Excile, or entitled to Drawbacks of Excife, as refpe&ively inferted, deferibed and fet forth in the faid Schedules refpe&ively hereunto annexed, (hall be and the fame are hereby made fubje& to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftri&ions and Forfeitures not hereby altered, to which any Goods, Wares, Merchandife or Commodities were generally or fpecially fubje& or liable by any A& or A&s of Parliament in force immediately before the pamng of this A&, refpe&ing the Duties of Excife ; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for every Offence whatever, committed againtt or in breach of any A& or A&s of Parliament m force immediately before the palling of this A&, made for fecuring the Revenue of Excife, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Dire&ions therein contained (not hereby altered), (hall and are hereby dire&ed and declared to extend to aud (hall be refpe&ively applied,

fra&ifed and put in execution for and in refpe& of the feveral )uties and Drawbacks of Excife hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid A&s, Claufes, Provisions, Powers, Dire&ions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and ye-ena&ed in the Body of this A&.

X. And

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.53.

311-

X. And be it further enabled, That all Maltfters or Makers of Malt, Sellers and Retailers of Malt, Brewers, Diftillers, Innkeepers, Viduallers and Vinegar Makers, and all and every other Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, who in truft for them, or any or either of them, or for the Ufe, Benefit or Account of them, or any or either of them, (hall have in his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion, or in his, her or their Houfes, Outhoufes, Barns, Granaries, or in any other Place or Places whatfoever, upon the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, any Parcel or Quantity of Malt whatfoever, ground or unground, (hall on that Day, or within Ten Days next enfuing, give a true and particular Account thereof in Writing at the Office of Excife within the Limits of which he, (he or they (hall then refpedively inhabit; and that every Maltfter and Maker of Malt (hall in like manner give fuch Account of the Difpofal of all the Malt which he, (he or they (hall have made, or had in his, her or their Poffeffion within One Calendar Month preceding the Fifth D?y of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, fpecifying the Quantity of Malt, and the Date of each and every' Delivery thereof, and the Name and Refidence of the Perfon to whom the fame reflectively was fold or delivered, and the Place at which the lame refpedively was delivered, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or Forty Shillings for every Buffiel of fuch Malt, at the Eledion of the Attorney General, or the Perfon who (hall fue or profecute for the fame, for every Negled therein; and the Mak of which no fuch Account as aforefaid, or of which a falfe Account (hall be given, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feed by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and the Duties by this Ad impofed on Malt Stock in hand (hall be payable and paid in manner following; (that is to fay), Three pence, Part thereof, for every Buffiel of fuch Malt, on the Tenth Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ; Three pence, other Part thereof, for every Buffiel of fuch Malt, on the Tenth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty ; Four pence, other Part thereof, for every Buffiel of fuch Malt, on the Tenth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and twenty ; and Four pence, the Remainder thereof, for every Buffiel of fuch Malt thereof, on the Tenth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and twenty ; and afi fuch Maltfters or Makers of Malt, Sellers or Retailers of Malt, Brewers, Diftillers, Innkeepers, Viduallers and Vinegar Makers, who (hall refiife to make fuch Payments, or any or either of them, for his, her or their Stock of Malt, at fuch time or times refpedively, (hall forfeit double the Amount of all the Duties charged or chargeable for or in refped of fuch Stock of Malt, or One hundred Pounds, at the Eledion of His Majetty* 8 Attorney General, or the Perfon who (hall fue or profecute tor the fame.

XI. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Officers of Excife refpedively to take a true and particular Account and Admeafurement of all fuch Malt as any Msdtfter or Maker of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Diftiller, Innkeeper, Vidualler or Vinegar Maker, or any Perfon or Perfons in truft, or for the Ufe, Benefit or Account of them, or for any or either of them, (hall, on the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, have or be poffeffed of or interefted in, and for that Purpofe to enter into any Dwelling Houfe, Outhoufe, Barn,

Z 3	Granary

Maltsters, &c. to give an Account to Officer of Malt in Possession on July S, 1819; Maltsters to give a like Account of Malt in Possession within One Month previous to that Day, stating certain Particulars of Sale.

Penalty.

Duties payable on Malt Stock

In

Penalty.

Officers of Excise may enter Premises of Maltsters, &c-to take an Account of Malt, in Stock on 5th July 18x9.

312

C, 53.

52° GEO. III.

A.D. 181f.

Not suffering

Officers to take Stock, or molesting them ia Execution of Duty;

Penalty.

Clandestinely removing Malt before Duties charged, or cob* coaling, &*.;

Penalty.

Malt forfeited.

Persons haring such Malt in Possession, &c.

Penalty.

Allowance to be deducted from the Amount taken of Malt Stock in tan4» for the Increase.

Granary or other Place whatsoever belonging to every or any fuch Maltfter or Mater of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, DiHiller, Innkeeper, Yi&ualler or Vinegar Maker, and each of them j and every fuch Perfon i« hereby required to permit and fuffer fuch Officer or Officers, on the (aid Firth Day of July One thouiand eight hundred and nineteen, or afterwards, at any time before the Duty upon fuch Malt fhall be paid, at his or their Requeft, to enter and take fuch Account and Admeafurement thereof as aforefaid, and for that Purpofe tq call fuch Malt into a regular Form for the hotter afcertaining the Quantity thereof; and if they, or any or either of them, (hall refufe to permit or fuffer any Officer or Officers of Excife fo to do, or if any Perfon or Perfona fhall obftru&, oppofe, moleft or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife in the due Execution of fuch Powers hereby given, or (hall ufe, or permit or fuffer to be ufod, any Means, Art or Contrivance, by which any Officer or Officers may be deceived, hindered or obitru&ed in afcertaining or taking a true Account of the a&ual Quantity of all fuch Malt, he, (he or they /hall refpe&ively forfeit One hundred Pounds, or Forty Shillings for every Bufhel of fuch Malt, at the Ele&ion of His Majefty's Attorney General, or the Perfon who fhall fue or profecute for the fame, for every fuch Offence ; and if any Maltfter or Maker of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, DiftiUer, Innkeeper, Vi&ualler or Vinegar Maker, or any other Perfon or Perfons having in his, her or their Cuftody or PofTeffion any Quantity of Malt chargeable by this A£t with the faid Duty or Duties, or any Part thereof, for Stock in hand as aforefaid, (hall clandestinely remove or carry away, or oaufe or fuffer to be removed or carried away, the fame, or any Part thereof, before the Duties thereupon fhall be charged, or dull fraudulently conceal or hide, or caufe dr fuffer to be concealed or hid, or fhall not produce to the Infpe&ion of the Officer of Excife or Gaugers fuch Malt, and every Part thereof, that then and in every fuch Cafe, every perfon fo offending, for every fuch Offence, fhall forfeit the Sun of Doe hundred Pounds, or Forty Shillings for every Bufhel of fiacli Malt, at the Ele&ion of His Majefty's Attorney General, or the Perfon who fhall fue or profecute for the fame ; and the Malt which fhall be fo clandeftinely removed or carried away, or fraudulently oaa* cealed or hid, (hall be forfeited, and (hail and may be feixed by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and the Perfon or Perfons in whole Cuftody or PofTeffion fuch Malt fhall be found, who fhall not before the Ducovery thereof, give Notice at the next Office of Excife of the Quantity of Malt fo in his, her or their Cuftody or Po&ffioo, fhall alfo forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or Forty Shift > lings for every Bufhel of fuch Malt, at the Election of His Ms. jefty’8 Attorney General, or the Perfon who (hall fue or profoautc for the fame.	v

XII. And be it further ena&ed, That on all Malt which frail on the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, be in the PofTeffion of any Maltfter or Maker of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Difkiiler, Innkeeper, Vi&ualler or Vinegar Maker, or any Perfon or Perfons in truft, cm for the Ufe, Rswfft ar Account of him, her or them, or any of them, and which dull bo account of by any Officer of Excife, and charged with the Duly mm Malt Stock in hand hereby impeded, then fhall be allowed mmd. dedu&od from fuch Account, previous to fuch Charge of Duty,

Twelve

A.D.18J&

59® GEO. III.

C. S3.

349

Twelve per Cmetnm on all Brown or Porter unground Malt, and Five per Centum on all other un ground Malt, for the Swell or Increafe thereof, over the Quantity of fuch Malt charged with Duty when made.

4 XIII. And Whereas Contrafts or Agreements may have been • made for the Sale or Delivery of fome of the Articles or Commo-9 dities on which the faid additional Duties of Excife are by this 9 Ad granted, which Contra&s or Agreements may have been made 4 with no Reference to fuch additional Duties, and thereby the feveral 9 Coatraftors may be materially affe&ed For Remedy thereof, be it further enaded, That all und every Perfon or Perlons who Audi or may have made or entered into any fuch Contrad or Agreement dull, and he and they are hereby reipeftively authorised and empowered, in the Cafe of any fuch Contrad or Agreement, to add to much Money as will be equivalent to the additional Duty hereby granted on any fuch Article or Commodity refpeftively to the Price thereof, and (hall be entitled by virtue of this Aft to be paid for the fame accordingly.

4 XIV. And Whereas Spirits extrafted in Scotland before the Ninth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, for Exportation to England, are by this Aft made chargeable, on the Importation thereof into England, with the Duty of Nine Shillings and Five pence Halfpenny per Gallon, and Spirits ex> traded in Scotland, for Exportation to England, after die Ninth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, are made chargeable on the Importation thereof into England, with the Duty of Ten Shillings ana Sixpence per Gallon: And Whereas it is expedient that the Officers of Excife in Scotland (hould certify, on every fuch Shipment of Spirits for Exportation to England, whether the fame was extrafted before the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, until the whole of the Stock of every fuch Diftdler extrafted before that Day (hall be wholly exported and brought into England;* Be k therefore enafted, That froiMnd after the Ninth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred aad nineteen, every fuch DiftiUer as aforefaid (hall, in his or their Requeft Note for a Permit to accompany the Removal of any fuch* Spirits as aforefaid, fpecify and declare therein whether fuch Spirits were extrafted before the faid Ninth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ; and that in every fuch Permit the proper Officer and Officers of Excife in Scotland (hall fpecify whether the Spirits therein mentioned are Part of the Stock of fuch DiftiUer extrafted before that Day, until the whole of the Stock of Spirits of each and every fuch DiftiUer in Scotland extrafted before that Day, ftsU be exported and brought into England; and in default thereof, any Quantity of fuch Spirits fo imported, without fuch Specification as aforefaid, (hall be deemed So be Spirits extrafted after the Ninth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and (hall he charged with and pay the Duty of Ten Shillings aid Sixpence for every Gallon thereof.

XV. And be k further enafted. That on every Shipment of Beer for Exportation on Drawback made after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, the Shipper or Exporter thereof, together with the Brewer thereof, or his Foreman or Manager, (hall make oath (which Oath the Officers of Excife are hereby em-

Z 4	powered

Siller may add additional Du-' ties to the Price of Article* contracted for.

Pram June 9, 1819, Distillers in Scotland So state ha Request Note for Permit for Removal of Spirits for Exportation so England, whether such Spirit*

Day, Ac.

On Oupmsot of Beer for Drawback, Exporter and Brewer to make Oath to certain Particulars.

C.53.

59“ GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

On Shipment of Tobacco for Drawback, certain Affidavit to be made by Manufacturer.

False Statements, Penalty aool. and Forfeiture of Articles.

Regulations contained in Acts in force relating to Tea, &c. heretofore executed by Officers of Customs, shall in future be executed by Officers of Excise; and all Penalties, &c. imposed by such Acts extended to this Act.

powered to adminifter), according to the bed of his and their Knowledge and Belief, that the fame has been brewed wholly from Malt which has been charged with and paid the Duty of Three Shillings and Sixpence for every Bufliel thereof; and in his and their Affidavit thereof fpecify the time when, and the Place where, and the Brewer by whom fuch Beer was brewed, and that the Quantity of Mah employed in the brewing of fuch Beer was in the Proportion of not lets than Two Bufhels for every Barrel thereof; and that every Manufacturer of Tobacco who (hall after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, (hip for Exportation on Drawback any manufadured Shag or Roll Tobacco, (hall, in his Affidavit of the Duties thereon having been duly paid, fpecify that the Duty of Four Shillings fer Pound has been paid upon the whole of fuch Tobacco, and the time when, and the Place where fuch Doty was paid, and that if any Perfon or Perfons fhall (hip any Beer or any manufactured Tobacco for Exportation on the Drawback hereby granted on Beer and manufactured Shag or Roll Tobacco refpedively, or (hall claim any fuch Drawback thereon refpeCtively, without making fuch Affidavit refpeCtively as aforefaid, no fuch Drawback (hall be payable or paid ; and if fuch Duties refpeCtively (hall be fo fwom to have been paid, and (hall not have been paid, or if any fuch (hall be in any other refpeCt falfe and untrue, every fuch Perfon (hall for every luch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and all fuch Beer and Tobacco refpeCtively (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

‘ XVI. And Whereas the refpeCtive Duties payable in Great

*	Britain, for and upon Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco 4 and Snuff, and upon Pepper, not being Cayenne, Long Pepper

*	or Guinea Pepper, are by this ACt made wholly Excife Duties ;* Be it therefore enaCted, That all and lingular the Powers and Authorities, Rules and Regulations, contained in any ACt or ACts of Parliament in anywife relating to Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff, or fuch Pepper refpeCtively, or to the Importation, entering, landing, warehouiing, weighing, garbling. Removal, Delivery, Exportation or bonding thereof, contained in any Ad or ACts of Parliament in force at or immediately before the paffing of this ACt, and granted to and heretbfore exercifedby the Commiffioners and Officers of Cuftoms, (hall be, from and after the paffing of this ACt, executed, exercifed and put in force by the Commiffioners and Officers of Excife, for fecuring and collecting the Duties on Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff, and fuch Pepper refpeCtively, hereby impofed ; and that all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures impofed by any fuch ACt or ACts of Parliament, for any ACt or Ads which may happen to be done, or refufed or negleded to be done, by any Perfon or Perfons in anywife relating to Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff, or fuch Pepper refpeCtively, or to the Importation, entering, landing, warehoufing, weighing, garbling. Removal, Delivery, Exportation or bonding thereof, without the Warrant, Order, Approbation or Permiffion of the Commiffioners or Officers of Cuftoms refpeCtively, (hall be incurred, loft and forfeited, upon the like Ad or Ads being done or refufed or negleded to be done, without the Warrant, Order, Approbation or Permiffion of the Commiffioners or Officers of Excue, in like

manner.

59° GEO. III.

C. 53.

345

manner, and to all Intents and Purpofes, and (hall be fued for, recovered, levied, mitigated and applied, as if all and lingular fuch Powers and Authorities had been originally given and granted to fuch Commiflioners and Officers of Excife refpedively, and fuch Rules, Regulations, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures were fo inferted and contained in this prefent Ad; any thing in any other Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife not with (landing.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered, by any Writing under their Hands, to make and iffue fuch Orders, Directions and Regulations, as they from time to time (hall deem neceffary or expedient for facilitating the official Bufi-nefs to be tranfaded in refped to the Importation, warehoufing or Exportation of Tea, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco, Snuff and rep-per refpedively ; and for more effeduallv and conveniently transferring, in purfuance of this Ad, the Colledion of the whole of the Duties on fuch Goods* and Merchandise refpedively from the Com-miffioners of Cuftoms to the Commiflioners of Excife; any thing in this Ad, or in any other Ad or Ads of Parliament, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithHanding.

4 XVIII. And Whereas the Duties upon Tea are by Law to be 4 computed on the Price at which the fame (hall be fold: And 4 Whereas Tea has been unlawfully landed, and has been taken out 4 of the Warehoufe or Storehoufe in which the fame has been put, 4 and fraudulently carried into Confumption, without being publicly 4 fold, and without Payment of Duty, and by reafon of fuch ^Tea 4 not being publicly fold, no Rate or Amount of Duty thereon 4 could be fixed or computedBe it therefore enaded, That whenever any Tea imported into Great Britain (hall be unlawfully landed, or (hall be fraudulently taken or carried away out of any Ship or Veffel, or any Warehoufe, Storehoufe or Place in which the lame has beep lodged or put without Payment of Duty, or (hall be allowed or ordered to be fold as falved, or as forfeited and condemned Goods, the Amount of Duty which attached on the Importation thereof (hall be computed, and where fuch Duty is by Law payable, (hall be paid at the fame Rate or Price at which Tea of the be(l Quality of the like Kind was fold at the lad preceding Sale of Tea by the Eaji India Company.

4 XIX. And Whereas by an A61 made in the Thirteenth Year of 4 the Reign of His prefent Majefty, it was, amongfl other Things 4 enaded, that Dedudion or Allowance of One Seventh Part (hall 4 be made from and upon every One hundred Pounds Weight of all 4 Coffee in the Hulk, of the Growth and Produce of the Ifland of 4 Dominica, or of any other Britijb Colony or Plantation in America, 4 imported into Great Britain, for which Quantity fo deduded as 4 aforefaid no Cuftoms or Dutv of Excife (hall be paid by the Im-4 porter or Proprietbr thereof: And Whereas an Allowance is by 4 another Ad, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His 4 prefent Majefty, granted to the Importers, Proprietors or Con-4 fignees of any Come or Cocoa Nuts, at and after the Rate of Two 4 Pounds for every One hundred Pounds Weight of fuch Coffee or 4 Cocoa Nuts, as a full Compenfation for all Lofs, Wafte or Da-4 mage whatever, whether occafioned by garbling or otherwife; but

4 Doubts

Treasury may issue such Orders as they think expedient for facilitating the Transfer of the Duties from Commissioners of Customs to Commissioners of Excise.

Tea unlawfully landed or fraudulently taken from Warehouse, Ac. to be charged with Duty at the Rate of the preceding Sale of Tea by the East India Company.

»3 G. 3 e. 73. §3-

S46

0* 53,

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1919.

repealed.

From July .f» 1819, Persons licensed to deal In Coffee may deal in Pepper.

Unduly dealing Penalty jcL

Pepper, except Cayenne, &c. subject to suck Regulations as East India Coffee, except Sise or Weight of Package.

Regulations for securing the Itety on Coffhe extended to

Pepper.

Making or selling Commodities in Imitation of Pepper,

100L and Forfeiture.

*	Doubts have arifen whether the Allowance direftcd by the faid

*	former Aft of the Thirteenth Year aforefaid, was thereby repealed,

*	and it is expedient to remove fuch Doubts, and to exprefsly repeal

*	the faid Allowance firft abovementionedBe it therefore enafted. That from and after the palling of this Aft, fo much of the faid Aft of the Thirteenth Year aforefaid as is hereinbefore recited, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XX.	And be it furtner enafted. That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, all and every Perfon and Perfons duly licenfed to deal in, retail and fell Coffee, (hall be thereby licenfed and authorised to deal in, retail and feD Pepper; and that if any Perfon or Perfons (hall have or receive for Sale, or deal in, retail or fell Pepper, not being Pepper called Cayenne, Long Pepper or Guinea Pepper, without being duly licenfed to deal in, retail and fell Tea and Coffee, he, (he ana they (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, Pepper, not being Pepper called Cayenne, Long Pepper or Guinea Pepper, fhaD be and the fame is hereby made fubjeft in all things in refpeft of the Importation, warehoufing, Removal, Sale or Exportation thereof, to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rufes, Reftriftions and Forfeitures to which Eafl India Coffee is generally or fpecially fubjeft or liable by this or by any Aft or Afts of Parliament relating to Ms Majefty’s Revenue of Excife, not hereby altered, in force immediately before the palling of this Aft, fave and except in the Size or Weight of the Package in which the fame (hall or may be imported or exported ; and that all and every Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of fuch Pepper, (hall be and is hereby made fubjeft, with refpeft to fuch Pepper, and the Receipt, Cuftody, Sale, Delivery and Removal thereof, to all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, impofed on Dealers in, Retailers or Sellers of Coffee by this or by any fuch Aft or Afts of Parliament not hereby altered, made for fecuring the Revenue of Excife on Coffee, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the feveral Claufes, Powers and 'Direftions therein contained, with refpeft to Coffee, (ball and are hereby direfted and declared to extend to, and (hall be refpeftively applied, praftifed and put in execution for and in refpeft of fuch Pepper, and of the Duty hereby hnpofed thereon, fave and except as aforefaid, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if all and every the faid Afts, Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Direftions, Fines, Pams, Penalties and Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enafted m the Body of this Aft as to fuch Pepper, and to all Dealers in, Retailers or Sellers thereof.

4 XXII. And Whereas Commodities made in imitation of Pepper ‘ have of late been fold and found in the Cuftody and Pofleffion of

*	various Dealers in Pepper, and other Perfons in Great Britan;* Be it therefore enafted, That from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, if any Commodity or Commodities, Subftance or Subftances, (hall be prepared or mann-faftured by any Perfon or Perfons in imitation of Pepper, (ball be mixed with Pepper, or fold or delivered as and for, or as a Subftitote for Pepper, or if any fuch Commodity or Commodities, Subftance

AJXiaia.

59° GEO. Ill

C. 59.

947

or Sobftanaes, alone or mired as aforefaid, (Ml be kept for Sale, fold or delivered, or (hall be offered or expofed to Sale, or (hall be m the Cuftody or Ppffeffion of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Pepper, the fame, together with all Pepper with which the Came (hall be mixed, (hall be forfeited, together with the Package or Packages containing the fame, and (hall and may be feixed by any Officer or Officers of Excife j and the Perfon or Perfons preparing, nwfaftnring, mixing as aforefaid, felling, expofing to Sale or de-Usering the fame, or having the fame in his, her or their Cuftody or Paffenion as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and lode the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the Tenth From Oct ief

Day of Qltoier One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, every Dif- I*1?? D«*tiU*w tiller for Exportation to England or Scotland refpe&ively (hall, in EDgEmdTor ” each and every Year ending the Tenth Day of 03obery produce and Scotland re-flmfl duly export to and land and pay Duty for, in England or Scot- spectively shall land refpe&ively, as the cafe may be. Nineteen Gallons at the leaft of yearly land and Spirits at the Strength of Seven pea Centum above Hydrometer Proof,	f(°Z.

foe every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wafh which (hall be Joints #

ban wed or made by fuch Diftitter in fuch Year, except fo much of strength of ftwh Spirits as (hall be loft by Shipwreck % and if any fuch Diftiller Seven per Cent, (hall in any fuch Year fail, negleffc or refufe to produce, and duly •bo*« Hydro-export to and land, or pay Duty for, in England or Scotland refpec- ?***

Only, as the cafe may be. Nineteen Gaftons at the leaft of fuch fepi- GaUonZof*

vita, at the Strength aforefaid, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort brewed.

Wort or Wafh which (hall be brewed or made in fueh Year by fuch

Diftiller, and (hall not, within One Month after the Expiration of

fuch Year, pay Duty in England or Scotland, as the eafe may be, at

and after the Rate of Duty chargeable by Law for and in refpeft of

fueh Spirits fo imported, tor every Gallon of fuch Spirits below or

fhort of fuch Proportion as aforefaid, which any fuch Diftiller (hall

fail to land and pay Duty for as aforefaid, every fueh Diftiller (hall,

for every fuch Refufal as aforefaid, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Penalty.

Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of fuch Spirits not landed and paid

Duty for, except as aforefaid, in fuch Year.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any entered or lieenfed Distillers re-

Dift flier or Diftillers in Great Britain (hall at any time after the paff- moving Wish ing of this Ad conceal, remove or carry away, or caufe or fuffer to or. °“ he concealed, removed or carried away, any wafh brewed or made for	^

extracting Spirits, or any Spirits extra&ed in Great Britain, for or beeupsid, upon which the Duty payable by Law has not been duly charged, or

which (hall not have been duly taken account of by the proper Officer

mi Excife, every fuch Diftiller (hall for every fueh Offence forfeit and

lofe Five hundred Pounds, or Twenty Shillings for every Gallon 0f Penalty.

fuch Walk or Spirits fo concealed, removed or earned away, at the

Clediou of the Attorney General, or the Perfon who (hall fue or

pvofecute for the fame \ and the Licence of every fuch Diftiller who Second Offence,

fiuU be Twice convi&ed of the Offence aforefaid, (hall, upon fuch Forfeiture of

Second Convi&ieo, be deemed void to afl Intents and Purpofes, and Licence, &e-

fech Diftiller (hall not be entitled to any further or renewed Licence

as a Diftiller for the Period of Three Years from the Date of fueh

Second Conviction.

‘ XXV. Ajtd Whereas, by an Aft made in the Forty fecond Year 41G. 3. c.38.

* of the Reign of His prefent Majcfty, intituled An Alt for granting 17*

• to

C. S3.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

343

Beer or Ale above i8a. tlie Barrel, exclusive of Duty, deemed Strong, and at 18s. or under, Table Beer.

Obstructing

Officers.

Penalty aocl.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Powers of 12 C. 2. c. 24. or any Law now in force relating to Excise, extended to this Act.

Act altered, &c. this Session.

*	to His Majefty additional Duties on Beer and Ale brewed in or imported 4 into Great Britain, on Malt made in Great Britain, on Hops grown m 4 or imported into Great Britain, and on Spirits diflilled in Ireland, and 4 imported into Great Britain; for repeating certain Allowances to 4 Brewers of Beer and Ale> and for preventing Frauds and Abufes in 4 the Revenue of Excife on Beer9 Ale and Malt; it was amongft other

*	things enaded, that all Beer or Ale above the Price of Sixteen ‘ Shillings the Barrel (exclufive of the Duties), fhould be denoxni-< nated and deemed to be Strong Beer or Ale, and all Beer of the 4 Price of Sixteen Shillings the Barrel or under (exdufive of the

*	Duty), fhould be denominated and deemed to be Table Beer, within 4 the Meaning of the faid Ad, and all other Ads relating to Beer

*	or Ale: And Whereas it is expedient, during the Continuance of 4 the Duties now impofed upon Malt, to permit Brewers of Table 4 Beer to increafe the Price thereof, as hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore enaded, That all Beer and Ale above the Price of Eighteen Shillings the Barrel (exclufive of the Duties), fhall be denominated, deemed and taken to be Strong Beer or Ale; and all Beer of the Price of Eighteen Shillings the Barrel or underY exclufive of Duties), (hall be denominated, deemed and taken to be Table Beer, within the Meaning of this Ad, and of all other Ads of Parliament in force relating to Beer or Ale.

XXV I. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever fhall moleft, diflurb, hinder, oppofe or impede any Officer or Officers of Excife in the due Execution of. the Powers and Authorities by this Ad granted, or any or either of them, except in fuch Cafes for which other Penalties are by this Ad provided, every Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures impofed or referred to by this Ad, fhall be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by fuch Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlminJler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpedively ; and that One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture fhall be to His Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety to him or them who fhall inform, difcover, or fue for the fame.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded. That all and every the Powers, Diredions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things which in and by an Ad made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An AS for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite and Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for fettting a Revenue upon Hu Majefty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to His Majefty’s Revenue of Excife, are provided and eftablifhed, fhall be pradifed, ufed and put in execution in and for the Purpofes of this Ad, as fully and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes, as if all and every the faid Powers, Rules, Diredions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in this prefent Ad.

XXIX.	And be it enaded, That this Ad, or any of the Provi-fions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be paffed in this Seffion of Parliament.

SCHE-

59° GEO. III.

C.5S.

349

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers. A.

DUTIES.

COFFEE AND COCOA NUTS.

Duties.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Coffee of the Growth or Produce of any Britifh Colony or Plantation in America, or the Well Indies, or Africa, which (hall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain ; and of all Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce afore-faid, which (hall, on or after the 10th Day of O&ober 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, or fhall then be in the Warehoufe where the fame was depofited on the Importation thereof; and for and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all fuch Coffee, for or in refped whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th Day of June 1819, or which on that Day were or remained in the Warehoufe in which the fame were depofited before Payment of Duty, an Excife Duty of

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Coffee which fhall on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought -into Great Britain, and of all Cocoa, Nuts which fhall, on or after the 10th Day of O&ober 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, either by the faid United Company or by Perfons authorifed fo to trade, or which Cocoa Nuts mall on the faid 10th Day of O&ober be in the Warehoufe in which the fame was depofited on the Importation thereof; and for and upon every round Weight Avoirdupois of all fuch Coffee for or in refpeft whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th Day of June 1819, or which on that Day were or remained in the Warehoufe in which the fame were depofited before Payment of Duty, an Excife Duty of

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Coffee which (hall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, and of all other Cocoa Nuts which (hall, on or after the 10th Day of O&ober 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, or (hall then be in the Warehoufe where the fame was depofited on the Importation thereof; and for and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all fuch Coffee for or in refpedt whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th Day of June 1819, or which on that Day were or remained in the Warehoufe in which the fame were depofited before Payment of Duty, an Excife Duty of	-	-	-

£. /•

o 1

O I

o

2

d.

6

SCHEDULE A.

Duties.

MALT.

For and upon every Bufhel of all Mak which) from and after the cth Day of July 1819, (hall be made in Great Britain from Barley) or any other Corn or Grain* or (hall be brought from Scot-land into England, without a Certificate from the proper Officer that it hath paid the full Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence on every Bufhel thereof hereby impofed, an Exeife Duty of And for and Upon every Bufhel of Malt, whether ground or un-ground, made of Barley or of any other Corn or drain, belonging to any Malt Iter or Maker of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, DifliHer, Innkeeper, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, which (hall be either in hi* Cuftody or Poffeflion, or in the Cuf-tody or Pofleffiod of any other Perfon or Perfons whatever, in truft for him, her or them, or for hie, her or their Ufe, Benefit or Account, in Great Britain, on the 5th Day of July 1819, an Excife Duty of	-	-	-	j

PEPPER.

£.

J.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Pepper, not being Pepper called Cayenne, Long Pepper or Guinea Pepper, which (tall* on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain ; and (of and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of a& fuch Pepper, for or in refpeft whereof tho Duties by Low then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th Day of Jane *$1$ or which on that Day was or remained in tho Wacfehottfe in which the faftie was depofited before Payment of Duty, an Excite Duty of

SPIRITS—BRITISH.

For and upon every Gallon of all Wort or Wafh brewed or made on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, from any Malt, Com* Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith* for extracting therefrom Spirit* in England for Home Confumption, an Excife Duty of	-	-	-	-

For and upon every Gallon of all Wort or Wafh brewed Or made on and after the 9th Day of June 1819, from MolafTes or Sugar* or any Mixture therewith, for extracting therefrom Spirits in England for Home Confumption* an Excife Duty of For and upon every Gallon of all Wort or Wafh brewed or made on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, from Foreign refufed Wines, or other Foreign Material or Materials, (except Molaffes or Sugar,) or any Mixture therewith, for extracting therefrom Spirits in England for Home Confumption, an Excite Duty of -For and upon every Gallon of all Spirits extracted in England on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, for Home Confumption* from Wort or Wafh brewed or made from any Malt* Corn* Grain* Tilts or any Mixture therewith, over and above the Pro-

oao

026

036

SCHEDULE A.

Spirits—Britifh, continued* portion of Nineteen Gallons of fuch Spirits, the whole being computed at Eight per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of fuch Wort or Wafh fo diililled into Spirits, an Excife Duty of For and upon every Gallon of all Spirits extra&ed in England for Home Confumption on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, by any Diftiller or Diflillers in England, from any Wort or Warn for or in refpe& whereof the Duty of Two Shillings for every Gallon thereof hereby impofed (hall not have been charged and paid, computed at the Strength of Seven per Centum above Proof, an Excife Duty of For and upon every Gallon of all Spirits extracted in England on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, for Home Confumption, from Wort or Wafh brewed or made from MolaHes or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, over and above the Proportion of Twenty one Gallons of fuch Spirits, the whole being computed at Eight per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of fuch Wort or Wafh fo diililled into Spirits, an Excife Duty of	-	*	-	-

rFor and upon every Gallon Englifh Wine Meafure of all Spirits extra&ed in England, and which fhall be imported or brought from thence into Scotland, of a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and Co in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength not exceeding the Strength of Ten per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof, an Excife Duty of For and upon every Gallon Englifh Wine Meafure of all Spirits extra&ed in Scotland before the 9th Day of June 1810, and which fhall be imported or brought from thence into England of a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and fo in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength not exceeding the Strength of Ten per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof, an Excife Duty of For and upon every Gallon Englifh Wine Meafure of all Spirits extra&ed in Scotland after the 9th Day of June 1819, and which fhall be imported or brought from thence into England, of a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and Co in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength not exceeding the Strength of Ten per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof, an Excife Duty of -

f At to the above Duty of 4^ 9^/. fee c• 105. § I.

Duties.

£. /. J.

©10 6

® * 3

O II O

9 4

0 9 Si

o 10 6

TEA.

For and upon all Tea fold in Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies, on or after the ift Day of June 18ip, and for or in refpefl whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not before the 9th Day

A.D. 1819.

SCHEDULE A.	Duties.
Tea—continued.  of June 1819 fully paid, and for and upon all Tea which ftiall be imported or brought into Great Britain, an Excife Duty of Ninety fix Pounds per Centum on Tea fold at fuch Sales at or under Two Shillings per Pound Weight, and One hundred Pounds per Centum on all Teas fold at fuch Sales above Two Shillings per Pound Weight, to be computed upon the Grofs Prices at which fuch Tea was or {hall be fold.  The faid Duty on all Tea fold by the Eaft India Company to be paid by the Purchafers thereof refpe&ively to the faid Company, and by the faid Company to the Com-jniffioners of Excife.  TOBACCO AND SNUFF.  For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Tobacco of the Growth or Production of His Majefty’s Colonies, Plantations, I Hands or Territories in America, or the Weft Indies, or of the United States of America, or of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Emperor of Ruflia, or of the Ottoman or Turkifti Empire, which (hall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, and of all Tobacco which fh'all, on or after that Day, be imported or brought into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, either by the faid United Company, or by rerfons authorifed fo to trade; and for and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all fuch Tobacco, for or in refpeCt whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th Day of June 1819, or which on that Day was or remained in the Warehoufe in which the fame was depofited before Payment of Duty, an Excife Duty of -  For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Tobacco of the Growth, Produ&ion or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, which (hall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain ; and for and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all fuch Tobacco, for or in refpeCt whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th Day of June 1819, or which on that Day was or remained in the Warehoufe in which the fame was depofited before Payment of Duty, an Excife Duty of - - - -  For and upon eveiy Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Snuff (not being Irifh Snuff) which (hall on or after the 9th Day of June 4819, be imported or brought into Great Britain ; and for and upon every Pound Weight1 Avoirdupois of all Snuff for or in re-fpeCfc whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th Day of June 1819, or which on that Day was or remained in the Warehoufe in which the fame was depofited before Payment of Duty, an Excife Duty of -	£. s. d. 030  |  1  \  OJO  OJO

B.

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES.

BEER.

For and upon every Barrel confifting of Thirty fix Gallons Englifh Beer Meafure, of Iri(h Strong Beer, Ale or Mum, which (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain dire&ly from Ireland, an Excife Countervailing Duty of - -

Countervailing Duties.

d.

O l6 3

. MALT.

For and upon every Bufhel of Malt made in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence into Great Britain unground, an Excife Countervailing Duty of	...

036

SPIRITS.

For and upon every Gallon Englifh Wine Meafure of Spirits, which (hall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be extracted in Ireland and imported or brougnt from thence into England, at a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and fo in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength not exceeding Twenty one per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, an Excite Countervailing Duty of	-

For and upon every Gallon Englifh Wine Meafure of Spirits, which (hall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be extracted in Ireland and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, at a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and fo in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength not exceeding Twenty one per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, an Excife CountervailingDuty of For and upon every Gallon Engliih Wine Meafure of Spirits, which (hall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be extracted in Ireland, and imported or brougnt from thence into Scotland, and from Scotland into England, at a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, an Excife Countervailing Duty of -

'At to the above Countervailing Duty of 5/. 3\d. fee c. 105. § pofi."]

O II o

O 5 3i

046

TOBACCO AND SNUFF.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of unmanufactured Tobacco of the Growth or Produce of Ireland, and of all Iri(h manufactured Tobacco, which (hall, on or after the 9th Day of 1 June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, an Excife Countervailing Duty of	-

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irifh manufactured Rappee Snuff, which fhall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, an Excife Countervailing Duty of

59 Geo. III.	A	a

354

C. 53,

59° GEO. III.



SCHEDULE B.	Countervailing  Duties.
Tobacco and SnufF—continued.  For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irifli manufactured Brown Scotch SnufF, which (hall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, an Excife Countervailing Duty of ...  For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irifh manufactured Scotch SnufF, and of all other Irifh manufactured Snuff not before particularly mentioned, which fhail, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great > Britain, an Excife Countervailing Duty of -	O O P  SO ^

c.

DRAWBACKS.

BEER.	DnvUdi
For and upon every Barrel of Strong Beer or Ale made in Great Britain, above Eighteen Shillings per Barrel, exdufive of the Duty, and not being Two penny Ale, mentioned and defcribed in the Seventh Artide of the Treaty of Union with Scotland, which (hall be duly exported to Foreign Parts as Merchandife, and which fhail be proved to have been brewed after the 5th Day of July 1819, from Malt for which the Duties hereby impofed in refpeCt thereof (hall have been paid, a Drawback of	£. /•  0 16 1
SPIRITS —BRITISH.	
For and upon every Gallon of Spirits extra&ed in Great Britain and exported to Ireland after the 5th Day of July 1819, at the Strength of Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and fo in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength, not exceeding that of Twenty one per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, a Drawback in refpeft of the Malt ufed and confumed in the Extraction of fuch Spirits - -	006
TOBACCO.	
For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Shag, Roll or Carrott Tobacco, manufactured at any of the Ports of Great Britain into which Tobacco may be lawfully imported, or within Two Miles thereof, from Tobacco for which the Duties hereby impofed ip refpeCt thereof (hall have been paid, and .which (haU be exported as Merchandife by the Manufacturer thereof from fuch Ports to Foreign Parts, a Drawback of -	036

CAP.

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.5*.

355

CAP. LIV.

An Aft to carry into effeft a Convention of Commerce concluded between His Majefty and the United States of America, and a Treaty with the Prince Regent of Portugal.

[ad July 1319.]

*	TT THE REAS a Convention of Commerce and Navigation was

*	VV concluded between His Majefty and the United States of

*	America, bearing date the Third Day of July One thoufand eight 4 hundred and fifteen, for Four Years from the faid Date: And

*	Whereas an A 61 was pa fled in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of ■4 His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to carry into effeQ a Con-

*	vent ion of Commerce concluded between His Majejty and the United 4 States of America s And Whereas another Aft was paffed in the

*	fame Year of the Reign of His faid Majefty, intituled An AS to 4 amend an AS pajfed in the prefent SeJJion of Parliament, intituled * An 4 AS to carry into efftS a Convention of Commerce concluded between 4 Hit Majefty and the United States of America :* And Whereas 4 another Aft was paffed in the Fifty feventh Year of His faid Ma-4 jefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to allow Britifh Goods to be exported 4 direS from this Country to the United States of America, upon the 4 fame Terms as when exported to any Foreign Country : And Whereas

*	a further Convention of Commerce and Navigation has been con-4 eluded between His Majefty and the United States of America, 4 dated the Twentieth Day of OBober One thoufand eight hundred 4 and eighteen, whereby in the Fourth Article all the Provifions of

*	the aforefaid Convention, concluded on the TTiird Day of July 4 One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, except as therein excepted, 4 are extended and continued in force for the Term of Ten Years 4 from the Date of the Signature of the faid further Convention : 4 And Whereas it is expedient to give effeft to fuch Parts of the 4 faid Convention as require the Sanction of Parliament, and to make 4 further Provifions than are contained in the faid recited Afts paffed

* in the Fifty fixth and Fifty feventh Years of His faid Majefty’s

* Reign ;* Be it therefore enafteef by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal; and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aftcmbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid Afts paffed in the Fifty fixth and Fifty feventh Years of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, {hall be and the fame are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enafted, That upon the Importation into any Part of the United Kingdom, of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, being the Growth, Produftion or Manufafture, of any of the Territories of the United States of America, imported direft From the fai<J Territories in any Ship or Veffel built in the Countries belonging to the faid States, or any of them, or taken by any of the Ships ot Veffels of War belonging to the Government or any of the Inhabitants of the faid States, Saving Commiflions or Letters of Marque ?md Reprifal, from the Government of the faid States, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty there, fuch Ship or Veffel being owned by the Subjefts of the faid States, or any of them, and whereof the Mafter and Three fourths of the Mariners are alfo Sub-iefts of the faid States, no higher or other Duties ftiall be charged '	A	a	2	or

Convention, dated 3d July, 1815.

S6	O.3. e.is.

S6 G. 3. c,sk.

510.3. c.jg.

Convention, dated icth Oct.

Recited Acts repealed.

Goods of the Produce of tho United States imported in American built Vessels, to pay the like Duties as Goods imported in British Vessels. ..

C. 54.

59° GEO. 111.

A. D. 1819.

49 ^ 3* c* 9$*

Goods so imported in American built Vessels may be sold by Auction free of that Duty.

Exceptions.

The flame Duties on Exportation of Goods in British built Vessels to America as to Europe.

Same Bounties allowed on Exportation of Goods in American bulk Vessels as in British built.

Vessels of American built allowed to dear out for certain British Settlements in die

or paid, than fuch aft are charged and payable upon Goods, Wares and Merchandife, of the like Denomination or Description, being the Growth, Produ&ion or Manufadure, of any of the Territories of the United States of America* and being imported in Britijh built Ships or VefTels navigated and regiftered according to Law ; any thing contained in an Ad patted in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Adt for repeating the feverat Duties of Cuftoms chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in Iiev thereof or any other Ad to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enaded, That all Goods, Wares, Merchandife and EfFeds imported in any Ship or Veffel built in the faid United States of America, or condemned as Prize there, and being owned and navigated as hereinbefore mentioned, (hall and may be fold by Audion free of the Duty impofed by Law on Goods and EfFeds fold by Audion: Provided neverthelefs, that nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to authorife the Sale of any fuch Goods or EfFeds free of the faid Duty, unlefs on the Firft Sale of fuch Goods or Effects by or for the Account of the original Importer thereof, by whom the fame were entered at the Cuftom Houfe at the Port of Importation, nor unlefs fuch Sale fhall be made within Twelve Months next after the time when fuch Goods or Effeds fhall have been fo imported.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That the fame Duties fhall be paid or payable on the Exportation of all Goods, Wares and Merchandife of the Growth, Produce or Manufadure of Great Britain* exported dired from thence to any Port or Place within the Territories of the United States of America in Britifh built Ships owned, regiftered and narigated according to Law, or in Ships built in the United States of America* or condemned as Prize there, and being owned and navigated as hereinbefore mentioned, as are or (hall be payable on the Exportation of the like Articles to Europe.

V.	And be it further enaded, That upon the Exportation from the United Kingdom to the United States of America of any Goods, Wares or Merchandife, the Growth, Produdion or Manufadure of the (aid United Kingdom or any of His Majefty’s Territories in Eu» rope, in any Ship or veffel built in the faid United States of America* or condemned as Prize there, and being owned and navigated as hereinbefore mentioned, the fame Bounty or Allowance (half be paid as at the time of fuch Exportation may De allowed upon the Exportation thereof to the faid States in any Britifh built Ship or veflel navigated and regiftered according to Law.

* VI. And Whereas it is expedient that Vefiels built in the Coun-

<	tries belonging to the United States of America* or any of them,

*	or condemned as Prize there, and bring owned and navigated as ‘ hereinbefore mentioned, fltould be allowed to clear out from any ‘ Part of the United Kingdom for the principal Settlements of the

*	Britifh Dominions in the Eaft Indies* videlicet* Calcutta* Madras,

‘ Bombay and Prince of Wales's IJland* with any Articles which may

*	legally be exported from the United Kingdom to the faid Settle*

<	ments m Brittfb built ShipsBe it therefore further enaded. That all Vefiels built in the faid United States of America* or any of them, or condemned as Prize there, and being owned and navigated as hereinbefore mentioned, (hall be allowed to clear out from any Port of the United Kingdom for {he following principal Settlements

of

AD. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 54.

357

of the Britijb Dominions in the £4? Indies, videlicet, Calcutta, Ma- East Indict, Ires, Bombay and Prince of Wales's IJland, with any Goods, Wares *“bject to the or Merchandife which may be legally exported from the United ■fme Kingdom to the faid Settlements in Britijb built VefTels, fubjeft to ynn ”in the like Rules and Regulations, Reftriftions, Penalties and For* feitures as are now by Law impofed upon the Exportation of fuch Goods to the faid Settlements in Britijb built Ships, any Law, Cuf-tom or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft con- Proviso for tamed ihall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to repeal or in any- Package, Ac. wife alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Bailage or Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citi-	other*

sens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the faid City Corporation, for the time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within Great Britain, or any other Special Privilege or Exemption to which any Perfon or Perfons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law in refpeft of Goods imported and exported, but the fame ihall be continued as heretofore.

‘ VIII. And Whereas by the aforelaid Convention it is provided,

4 that no higher or other Duties or Charges ihall be impofed in any 4 of the Ports io any of His Majefty’s Territories in Europe, on the 4 VefTels of the United States of America, than (hall be payable in the 4 fame Ports on Britijb VefTels: And Whereas a finular Provifion 4 was made in a Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation, con*

* eluded between His Majefty and His Royal Highnefs The Prince 4 Regent of Portugal, dated the Nineteenth Day of February One 4 thoufand eight hundred and ten: And Whereas certain Rates and 4 Dudes, under the Denomination of Light Duties, Pilotage, Balkft,

4 Buoyage and Beaconage Rates, Harbour Duties and other Dues,

4 are now payable by Law, Charter, fpecial Privilege or Grant, to 4 the Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strand, to the Truf-4 tees of Ramfgate Harbour, to other Bodies Politic and Corporate,

4 and to fundry Perfons in whom fuch Rates and Duties may be 4 veiled refpeftively on Foreign Ships and VefTels, over and above _ . . . ,

4 the Rates and Dudes payable on Britijb Ships: And-Whereas it 0n\merican*

4 is expedient that the Objeft of the faid Treaties fhould be effec- and Portuguese 4 tually carried into execution;’ Be it therefore enafted. That no Vessels enter-^ higher or other Rates or Dudes fhall be levied on. Ships or VefTels of hig.tha Ports of the United States of America, or on Portuguefe Ships, or VefTels enter-ing or touching at any of the Ports of the United Kingdom, or- of M thos/payable IBs Maiefty’s Territories in Europe, than are now or which may on British become hereafter payable on Briti/b Ships.	■	Vessels.

4 IX. And Whereas it is expedient that the faid Corporation,

4 Truftees of Ramfgate Harbour, other Bodies Politic and. Corpo-4 rate, and fundry other Perfons, in whom fuch Rates and Duties are 4 vefted refpeftively, fhould be indemnified for the Lofs fuftained by 4 means of this AftBe it further enafted. That the Difference in Certain Cor-fuch Cafes between the Rates and Dudes due and payable on Briti/b P0”1*" Ships, and thofe payable on Foreign Ships, fhall be paid out of the ^nceeQf Confolidated Dudes of Cufloms;: and tor the more effeftual Secu- Duties on Bri-rity of the Public Revenue in refpeft of any Claims which in virtue tishand Foreign of this Aft may be made, all and every fuch Claim or Claims fhall be Vowels out of tranfmitted by the aforefaid Truftees, Bodies Polidc or Corporate, or Perfons interefted, or their Agent or Agents, to the Corpora*’™ dat8d ut,e*

A a 3

558

Doties of Package, Ac* payable to Corporation of London on account of American or Portuguese Subjects, payable in like manner out of the Consolidated Duties of Customs.

Act altered, Ac. this Session.

Continuance

of At*.

C. 54.

69° GEO. III.

A.t). 1814.

Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strand, who are hereby required to examine the fame, and being fatisfied as to the Correftnefs thereof, are to certify the fame accordingly, under the Hand of their Secretary or other proper Officer, together with fuch Claim as the faid Corporation may have, to the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in London Quarterly, for their Order for the Payment thereof; fcnd the faid Commiffioners are hereby required to direft Payment of fuch Claims out of the Confolidated Duties of Cuftoms to tne faid Corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strand; and the faid Corporation are hereby required, after retaining what may be due as their Right, to pay over to the Truftees of Ramfgate Harbour, to other Bodies Politic and Corporate, and to the fundry Perfons in whom fuch Rates and Duties may be vefted kefpeftively, the Amount of their refpeftivfc Claims, fubjeft only to fuch incidental or other Charges as have heretofore been made in the Colleftion of fuch Rates andDuties.

X.	And in order that the Objefts of the faid Treaties may be more fully efiefted, be it farther enafted, That fo much of the fad Duties of Package, Scavage, Bailage or Portage, or any other Duties payable to the faid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the faid City for the time being, as have been heretofore jftrid lor Or on account of American or POr-tuguefe Ships, or American or Portuguefe Subjects refpeftively, fhall', after the paffing of this Aft, be paid out of the Coniolidated Duties of Cuftoms to the Colleftor appointed to receive fuch Duties; and the faid Colleftor for the time being is hereby required to tranfmit td the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, Quarterly, an v ccount or Certificate of fuch Duties payable on Foreign Ships, and by American or Portugnefe Subjefts, for or on account of Merchamhfe imported or exported by them; the Amount of which Quarterly Accounts or Certificates, after due Examination, and befog fatisfied as to the Coireftnefs thereof, the faid Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms are hereby required from time to time to order to be paid to the faid Colleftor for the time being out of the Confolidated Duties of Cuftoms accordingly.

XI.	And be it. further enafted, That this Aft may be altered, ■mended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be pafled m this Seffion of Parliament.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft fhall continue in force fo long as the aforefaid further Convention between His Ma-iefty and the United States of America, and the aforefaid Treaty between His Majefty and His Royal Highnefs The Prince Regent of Portugal, and fo long as any Treaty to be made with any Foreign Power with the fimilar Provifion hereinbefore recited, fhall refpec-tively continue in force*

CAP.

AD.J8IA

*0* GEO. III.

C. 5fi, 5&

359.

CAP. LV.

An Aft to extend the Provifions of Three Afts of the Fifty fecond, Fifty third, and Fifty feventh Tears of His prefcnt Majefty, for allowing Britijb Plantation Sugar and Coffee, and other Articles imported into Bermuda in Britijb Ships to be exported to America in Foreign Veflels, and to permit:

Articles, the Produce of America,, to be imported into Bermuda in Foreign Ships, to certain other Articles*

[ad JAy 1819.]

•'XTTHEREAS an Aft was pafied in the Fifty fecond Year of 5* G.3.C. 79*^

4 W His prefcnt Majefty’s Reign, intituled Am A8 to allow Bri-4 tifh Plantation Sugar and Coffee, imported into Bermuda. in Britifh 1 Shi*, to be exported to the Territories of the United States of America **i» Foreign Ships or Vcjfels ; and to permit Articles, the Production of 4 the feud United States, to be. imported into the faid IJland in Foreign Ships ^tr Vejjelt t And Whereas an Aft was pafied in the Fifty third Year 53 G*3* & 5°»

4 of His prefcnt Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 for further allowing 4 the Importation and Exportation ef certain Articles of the IJland of 4 Bermuda And Whereas an Aft. was pafied in the Fifty feventn 57 G*3*	-

4 Year of His prefcnt Majefty*a Reign, intituled An A8 to extend the 4 Powers of Two A8s, for allowing Bntifh Plantation Sugar and Coffee, .

4 nod other. Articles imported into Bermuda m Bntifh Shipsj to he ex~

4 forted /^-America in Foreign. Veffelst and to permit Articles, the Pro-does of America, to he imported into the faid IJland m Foreign Shift, ..

4 to certain other Articles i. And Whereas it is expedient that the faid v Afts Arnold be extended, fo far as regards the Articles to be allowed 4 to be imported and exported Be it therefore enafted by The King’s More Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords .Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefcnt Earliantent afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in addi- American don to the Articles enumerated in the faid Afts, it (hall be lawful to	**	*

import from the United States into the Ports mentioned in the faid imported*

Aat above recited, in Veflels of the Defcription therein dated, and under the like Authority, Reftriftions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures provided in the faid recited Afts, the Article of Rofin, being the Produce or Manufacture of the faid States ; and Articles, Proin addition to the Articles permitted to be exported by the faid above duoe °f ®€r" recited Afts, to export from the faid Ifland of Bermuda to the faid United States, in fuch Veflels and under fuch Regulations as afore- uSredfltntrn hid, all Articles, the Produce or Manufafture of the faid Ifland, and all Articles whatever which fhall have been legally imported into the Cane m any Britijb Ship or Veflels

CAP. LVI.

An Aft to make further Regulations^ as to the Payment of Navy Prize Orders.	\2AJuly	1819.]

4 TT7HEREAS an Aft pafied in the Fifty fourth Year of His 54 G. 3. c.93.

4 VV prefcnt Majefty, intituled An AS for regulating the Payment 4 if Navy Prime Money, and the TranJmijRon of Accounts and Payment 4 if Balances to Greenwich Hojpbtaf: And Whereas another Aft

A a 4?	4	pafied

Cl 56,

S9* GEO. IIL

A.D. 1819.

*8 G. j. c. 64.

Certain Provisions of recited Acts repealed.

None but Per-* sons duly licensed can receive Wages, Prise Money, Ac. under Orders.

Proviso for Orders to Wives or Relations to receive.

Persons falsely representing themselves as Relations, &c. in order to receive such Wages or Prise Money, or receiving not being duly licensed, Misdemeanor.

* palled in the Fifty eighth Year of Hit prelent Majefty, intituled 4 An Ad to make further Regulations refpeSing the Payment of Navy 4 Prize Money, and to autborife the Governors of Greenwich Hoffstal 4 to bay over certain Shares of Prize Money due to Ruffian Seamen to 4 Hu Excellency the Ruffian Amhajddor: And Whereas it is expedient 4 that other Regulations (hould be made with refpeft to the Receipt 4 and Payment of Navy Prize Money Be it enafted by The King's Mo ft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fuch of the Provifions of the faid hereinbefore mentioned Aft of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty relating to the licenfing of Agents by the Treafurer of His Majefty’s Navy, as are altered by this Aft, and fuch of the Provifions of the faid hereinbefore mentioned Aft of the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, as relate to Orders made or to be made by Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commilfioned Officers of Marines and Marines, Supernumeraries or Boys, (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed

II. And be it further enafted, That it (hall not be lawftil for any Perfon within the United Kingdom to receive any Wages, Pay, Price Money or Bounty Money, or Money in the nature of Bounty Money, due or to become due to any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non Commif-fioned Officer of Marines or Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, for or on account of his Services refpeftively on board any of His Majefty’g Ships, or in the Capture of any Fortrefs upon the Land, or any Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandife or Treafure, on any conjunft Expedition of Sea and Land Forces, under any Orders made or hereafter to be made by any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commilfioned Officer of Marines or Private Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, other than Perfons who (hall be duly licenfed in the maimer hereinafter mentioned for that Purpofe: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to prevent any fuch Petty Officers, Non Commilfioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, Supernumeraries or Boys, from giving fuch Oiders to receive their Wages, Pay, Prize Money or Bounty Money, to their Wives, or to the rerfons in the feveral Degrees of Relationlhip following; that is to fay, Parents, Children, Brothers or Sifters of fuch Petty Officers, Seamen, Marines, Supernumeraries or Boys; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

IIL And be it furtner enafted. That if any Perfon who (hall falfely represent himfelf or herfelf to be within any of the Degrees of Relationlhip in Blood as before described, in order to enable himfelf or herfelf to receive any Prize Money or Bounty Money’, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money, due or to grow due for or on account of the Services of any fuch Petty Officer, Non Commif-fioned Officer, Seaman or Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, under any fuch Order as aforefaid; or who, not being within any fuch Degree of Relationlhip, and not being licenfed as aforefaid, (hall receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money for the Ufe of any fuch Petty Officer, Non Commiffioned Officer, Seaman or Marine, Supernumerary or Boy ; or if any Agent or Perfon, whofe Licence (hall have been revoked as hereinafter mentioned, (hall offer himfelf to receive or (hall receive any fuch Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowance

of

A.DJ&19.

59° GEO. III.

C.56.

$61

of Money, not being within any of the Degrees of Relation (hip afore-faid, and be thereof duly convided, (hall be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and pumfhed accordingly.

IV. And be it further enabled, That from and after the palling of this Ad, every Perfon not being a Prize Agent, and having given Security as fuch in the Sum of Five thoufand Pounds according to the lWifionsof the faid Ad paffed in the. Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, (hall, before he can lawfully ad as an Agent for receiving the Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of -Money, of any fuch Petty Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, .take out a Licence for that Purpofe from the Treafurer of His Majefty’s Navy for the time being, who it hereby aathorifed and empowered to grant the fame to fuch Perfon as the laid Treafurer lhall m his Difcretion confider fit and proper to be licenfed for that Purpofe $ and the Perfon fo approved by the laid Treafurer to be licenfed (hall, previoufly to his receiving his Licence to ad as fuch Agent, enter into a Bond with Two fufncient Sureties, to be jointly ana feveraUy bound to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, in the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, that fuch Perfon fo taking out fuch Licence fhall demean himfelf properly, and duly account to all Perfbns for whom or for whofe Ufe any fuch Wages, Pay, Prize Money or Bounty Money, fhall have come to his Hands, which faid Bond fhall be in the Form fet out in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, marked (A.) : Provided neverthelefs, that this Ad fhall .not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent fuch Agents as have already taken out Licences from the Treafurer of His Majefty’s Navy, in conformity to the faid Ad of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, from ading as fuch licenfed Agents during their refpedive exifting Licences.

V.	And be it further enaded. That + every Licence granted in purfuance of this Ad the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and no more, over and above any Stamp Duties that may be due and payable thereon, fhall be paid by the Perfon taking out the fame, to the Piymafter of Incidents in the faid Office of the Treafurer of the Navy, towards the incidental Expences therein incurred, which Licence (hall be in force for the Term of Three Years from the Date thereof (unlefs previoufly revoked by the Treafurer of the Navy), and no longer.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if after the taking out of any Licence granted in conformity with this Ad, it (hall appear to the Treafurer of His Mroefty’s navy for the time being, that any fuch licenfed Agent hath abufed the Truft repofed in bun, by not duly accounting to any Perfon or Perfbns by whom he AaO have been empowered to receive any fuch Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money as aforefaid, far the Sum or Sums of Money received by him in that behalf, or by pradifing any Fraud or Impofition on any fuch Perfon or Perfons, then and in that Cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Treafurer, by any Writing under his Hand to be delivered to fuch licenfed Agent, or left at his laft or moft ufual Place of Abode, or Place w£tt$ his Bufinefs of Agency (hall be carried on, to revoke the Licence fo to be granted or taken put as aforefaid ; which 'Revo* cation, if fuch Agent’s Place of tranfading Agency Bufinefs (hall be m London, or within the Bills of Mortality, (hall be publi(hed in the

London

Persons, before acting as Agents for receiving Wages, &c. to takeout a licence from the Treasurer of the Navy, and enter into a Bond in Penalty ofjocL

Form of Bond.

Fee for Licence, beside Stamp Duty; f sic.

to be in force Three Years.

Licence rosy be revoked for Misconduct

Notice ofYU-vocation pub* lished in Lon-

0.56*

59° GEO. Ill



don Gazette, &c. and thereupon Power of Agent to cease.

Njmms, Set. of Agents to be bung up in the Navy Pay Office.

Notice to be given by Agents of Removal.

Penalty 50I.

In case of Bankruptcy of Agents, Orders only available for Sums advanced thereon.

London Gazette / and if in the Country, or out of the faid Bib of Mortality, alfo in fome public Newfpaper in circulation at or Dear td the Place where fuch Agent (hall tranfaft his Bufinefa of Agency, for the Information of all rerfona interefted in Wages or Prize Money, and thenceforth the Power and Authority of fuch Agent to demand: and receive Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money and other Allowances of Money, due .or to grow due on account of the Service* of any fuch Petty Officers, Non Commiffioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, Supernumeraries or Boys, (hall absolutely ccafe and determine*.

VII.	And be ft further enafted, That the Names and Places of Abode, and of tranfafting Agency Bufinefs of every fuch licenfed Agent, (hall be inferted in a Lift, and hung up in the Hall of the Navy Pay Office in Somer/et Place, and in fome confpicuaus Place in each of the Navv Pay Offices at the feveral Out Ports of the United*. Kingdom, for the Infpeftion of all Perfons who (hall refort thither on Bufmefs ; and which Lolls (hall be renewed from time to time as occafion may require*

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That' as often as any fuch* licenfed Agent (hall remove or change his Office or Place of con* dufting the Bufmefs of Agency, he (hall, within Fourteen Days after every fuch Removal or Change of Place, give Notice thereof in Writing to the Treafurer of His Majefty*s Navy, and to the Clerk crT the Cheque of Greenwich Hofpital for the time being, on pain oF forfeiting for every Negleft thereof the Sum of Fifty rounds*

IX.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any licenfed Agent (hall become bankrupt, all Orders made under or by virtue of former Afts of Parliament which (hall be in his Pofieffion, or to which he maw be entitled at the time of his Bankruptcy, (hall be available again, the faid Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich for fo muck' Money only as (hall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Treafurer and Clerk of the Cheque of the faid Hofpital to have been advanced upon fuch Orders by the Agent in wbofe Favour the foie1 Order* are made.

Form of Orders	X. And be it enafted, That from andafter the puffing of this Aft*

for Payment. all Orders made by Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Comnriffieaed Officers of Marines and Marines, Supernumeraries or Boys, and others entitled to Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowance* of Money in the nature thereof, (hall be in the Form or to the Effieft let forth in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (B.), and (ball contain in the Body of fuch Orders the Value in Money and Good* advanced by the Perfon in whofe Favour fuch Order is made to the Perfpn making the fame ; and a Certificate (hall be printed on the Back of the Paper containing fuch Order, according to the Form or to the Effeft fet forth in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked Form of Certi- (C.), which Certificate (hall particularly date whether the Period ficmfte os to tha making the Order is known to the Perfon figning fuch> Certificate, or Right of the	by whom he is reprefented to be the Perfon entitled to make fuch

them>nS gmD® Order, and the faid Certificate (hall be figned as direfted at the Foot of the faid Schedule ; and the Treafurer and Clerk of the Cheque of the faid Royal Hofpital (hall pay upon every fuch Order, out of the Money belonging to the Penbn making the fame, fo muoh ar (hall appear to be due to the Payee named therein* with fegal Iotereft thereon (if the Amount of the Share of the Period making fuch Order will admit of fuch Intereft befog paid), and no more $ aad at

the

A.D, 181*.

5* GEO. III.

C. 56c

S63

the feet of fuch Certificate (hall be fet out and Scheduled an Form of Inven-Inveotory of any Goods furni filed by the Payee to the Perfon making ?ry.0f 9oods Inch Order, together with the Prices charged for the refpe&ive ™rnlshed* Articles in fuch Schedule contained, Which Schedule (hall be witneiTed bt the fame Perfon or Perfons as (hall fign the Certificate of the due Execution of the Order, after examining the Party making fuch Order to the Corrednefs of the faid Particulars,’ and which faid Schedule or Inventory (hall be in the Form or to the Effect in the Schedule to this Aft a&nefced, marked (D.)	*

XI.	And be it further etia&ed, That from and after the paffing of Orders declared this Ad, all Orders m^de in purfuanCe thereof, or in punuance of irrerocable.

the faid A A of the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Maiefty, by Petty Officers and Seaihen, Non Commiffioned Officers of Marines or Prime Marines, or others entitled to Prize or Bounty Money, Grant bt other Allowances of Money m the nature thereof, and alfo nil Orders made under or by virtue of any former Ad or Ads which (hall not hare been revoked before the paffing of this Ad, (hall be and the Came arc hereby declared to be irrevocable.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon or Perfons Falsifying (hall knowingly iufert, or caufe to be ittferted in any Order for the Dates of Or-Payment of Prize Money, Bounty Money, Grants or other Allow- ders, Misde-inces of Money payable by the Commiffioners and Governors of the m*toar’

Royal Hofpital for Seamen at Greenwich, or by their Treafurer, any

other Date than the Day on which the faid Order (hall be executed, or (hall knowingly prefent or utter any Order bearing any falfe Date as afbrefaid, fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall for every fuch Offence be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and puliilhed accordingly.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the paffing Payment of of this Ad, the Payment of Prize Money upon Orders, except fuch i>r“e Orders as (hall be certified by the Clerk of the Cheque of the faid sS'iis Royal Hofpital, in manner hereinafter mentioned, (hall be confined axecertifted, to the Treafurer and Clerk of the Cheque of Greenwich Hofpital; confined to and that no A gent'or Agents appointed for the Diftribution of any Treasurer, Ac. Navy, Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of ^Greenwich Money, whether arifing from or given in confequence of conjunct °8*11 * Expeditions or Services by the Navy only, (hall pay any Shame or

Shares of the Non Commiffioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, or Supernumeraries or Boys entitled thereto, upon any Order or Letter of Attorney or other written Power or Authority whatfoever, except certified as hereinafter mentioned, but (hall pay the fame to the laid Non Commiffioned Officers, Seamen, Marines and Supernumeraries or Boy8 upon their refpedive Applications only, upon pin of forfeiting for every Payment made otherwife than as directed in this Ad, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by and in Penalty, the Name of the Treafurer of the faid Royal Hofpital.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Agents to trans-Perfons licenfed as Agents by the Treafurer of the Navy as afore- “J*

Cud, and for the Relations of Perfons entitled as aforefaid, and they	ftw

are hereby required and direded, after the Advertisement notifying Examination, that the Account of Sales of any Prize or Prizes is about to be who, at the brought into the Regiftry of the High Court of Admiralty Expiraiiooetf pnrfuant to the Provifions of the faid hereinbefore mentioned Ad of 3° ■JF Parliament of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent	**

Majeffy, or immediately after the Execution of fuch Orders, to

tranfmit

364

C. 56.

59® GEO. Ill

A.D.1819.

Certified Order* only to be paid.

Orders made previous to 5 8 G.3. c.6*

If Money due on any such Order be not wholly paid, Clerk of the

Cheque to again Prise Agent

Prize Agents not to commence Distribution till 30 Days after Notification in the Gasette; and before giving such Notification to deliver a List of Prises to the Cleric of the Cheque.

tranfmit or deliver to the Clerk of the Cheque of the faid Royal Hofpital all or any Orders which fuch licenfed Agents may have received in conformity with the Provifions of this or any former A&, from Perfons entitled to Prize Money, Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money; which Orders, fo delivered or tranfmitted as aforefaid, (hall remain for Examination with. the faid Clerk of the Cheque at the faid Royal Hofpital for the Space of Thirty Days, at the Expiration of which time the faid Clerk of the Cheque (hall certify upon the faid Orders refpe&ively, whether he is fatisned that the fame are refpe&ively executed in compliance with the Provifions of the feyeral Laws in force refpe&ing fuch Orders; and the Agent for the Diftribution of the refpe&ive Prizes named in the faid Orders (hall only pay to the licenfed Agent, or fuch Relations as aforefaid, during the time of Diftribution, and upon fuch Orders only as are certified for Payment by the faid Clerk of the Cheque ; and that in cafe any Order made previoufly to the palling of the laid A& of the Fifty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, (hall be unpaid at the Deceafe of the Party making the fame, then fo much only as (hall have been a&ually advanced upon the faid Order, to be proved to the Satisfa&ion of the Clerk of the Cheque, and certified by him, (hall be paid thereon.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the whole Money due to the licenfed Agent upon any Order made and certified as aforefaid, (hall not have been fully paid or fatisfied at the time of the fame being returned to the faid Royal Hofpital by the Agent appointed for Diftnoution of any Prize or Prizes, then it (hall be lawful for the faid Clerk of the Cheque of the Royal Hofpital, and he is hereby dire&ed upon any other Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money to which the faid Order relates, coming into Diftribution, or upon any Second or further Payment being made thereon, to tranfmit or deliver to the Agent employed in fuck Diftribution or further Payment, the faid Order certified as aforefaid, or a Certificate of the Money ftill remaining due thereon, in order to enable the licenfed Agent named in the faid Order to receive full Satisfa&ion for the Sum remaining due and unpaid thereon; and the Agent to whom the faid Order or Certificate (hall be delivered as aforefaid (hall pfiy the Refidue of the Money payable and unfatisfied upon the faid Order ; and the faid Order or Certificate being returned to the faid Clerk of the Cheque upon the delivering of the Accounts of the faid Diftribution (hall be a good and fuffident Voucher for the Money paid thereon.

XVI.	And be it ena&ed, in. order to enable the faid Clerk of the Cheque to examine and certify fuch Orders as hereinbefore dire&ed. That no Agent or Agents appointed for the Sale and Diftribution of any Prize or Prizes, Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money in the Nature thereof, (hall commence Diftribution until the Expiration of Thirty Days from the Insertion in the Gaxette of the faid Notification, that the Account of Sales is about to be brought into the High Court of Admiralty; and every Agent appointed for the Purpofea aforefaid (hall, and he is hereby required, on or before the Infertion of the faid Notification in the Lomdam Gasutte% to deliver to the Clerk of the Cheque of the faid Royal Hofpital, a true and perfe& Copy of the Diftribution Lift of the refpe&ive Prizes to which the faid Notification refers; which Lift,

or

AJ).l 819-

590 GEO. IIL

C. 56.

365

Persons ea-

titled tp Prise Honey endea-▼ouring to obtain Payment by false Certificates, Ac. Misdemeanor.

or a Copy thereof, (hall be returned by the Clerk of the Cheque to the Agent mraHhing the fame, at the Expiration of the time allowed by Law for Diftribution by the faid Prize Agent; and every Prize Agent who (hall refufe or negle& to furnifli fuch Lift as aforefaid (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; all which Orders, fo Penalty ioqI. certified and paid upon as aforefaid, (hall be delivered to the Treafurer of the laid Royal Hofpital as Vouchers at the time dire&ed by Law for rendering Accounts, and paying over the Balances of the refpe&ive Diftribubons of any Prize or Prizes.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons really entitled to Prize or Bounty Money, Penfion Money, Grant or other Allowance of Money on account of Services on board of any Ship or Veffel, (hall, by the Produ&ion of any falfe Certificate, or by making any falfe Representation, obtain or endeavour to obtain from the (aid Royal Hofpital, or from any licenfed Agent, the faid Prize or Bounty Money, Penfion Money, or other Allowance of Money fo doe to him as aforefaid, fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and (hall forfeit all Prize or Bounty Money, Penfion Money, Grant or other Allowance of Money due to him on account of his faid Services.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall willingly or knowingly perfonate, or falfely aflume, or caufe, procure, aid or aflift any Perfon to perfonate or falfely affume, the Name or Chara&er of any Commiiiioned Officer, Warrant or Petty Officer, or + Seamen, dr any Commiffioned or Non Commiffioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, or any other Perfon entitled or fuppofed to be entitled to any WageB, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money, for or in refpe& of Services performed or fuppofed to have been performed on Board of any Ship or Veflel of His Majefty, His Heirs or Succefiors; or (hall perfonate or falfely aifume the Name or Chara&er, or (hall affift in penonating or falfely afluming the Name or Chara&er of the Wife, Widow, Executor or Adminiftrator,

Relation or Creditor of any fuch Officer, Seaman or other Perfon, is order to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money,

Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money due or fuppofed to be due for or in refpe& of the Services of any fuch Officer, Seaman,

Marine or other Perfon as aforefaid, performed or fuppofed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Veflel of His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeflors; of flull falfely make, forge, counterfeit or alter, or caufe or procure to be falfely made, forged, counterfeited or altered, or willingly a& or affift in the falfe making, forging, counterfeiting or altering any Letter of Attorney, Order, Bill, Ticket,

Certificate of Service, or other Certificate whatfoever, Afiignment, laft Will, or other Power or Authority whatfoever, in order to receive or to enable any other Perfon to receive any Wages,' Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money due or fuppofed to be due for or in refpe& of the Services of any fuch Officer, Seaman, Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, or other Perfon as aforefaid, performed or fuppofed to have been performed on board any Ship or Veflel of His Majefty, His Heirs or Succefiors, with intention to defraud any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatfoever ; or (hall utter or publifh as true, or (hill aid or aifill in uttering or publiihing as true, any falfe, forged,

counterfeited

Falsely i ing Name and Character of others entitled to Prim Money, Ac. forging, Ac. Letters of Attorney, Ac. to receive Wages, Ac., taking false Oath to obtain Probate, Ac.

+ $fc.

966

C. 56.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Desth.

Prise Agents to iransmif Copy of verified Accounts*) Treasurer of the Nary.

Penalty.

I

counterfeited or altered Letter of Attorney, Order, pill, Ticket, Certificate of Service, or other Certificate whatsoever, Affignment, laft Will, or other Power or Authority whatfoever, knowing tne fame to be falfe, forged, counterfeited or altered, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Pnze Money, Bounty Money, Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money due or fuppofed to be due for or in refpeft of the Services of any fuch Officer, Seaman, Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, or otherv Perfon, as aforefaid, performed or fuppofed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Veffel of His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, with intention to defraud any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatfoever; or {hall willingly and knowingly take a falfe Oath to obtain the Probate of any Will or Wills, or to obtain Letters of Adminiftration, in order to receive or to enable any other Perfon to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfion Money or other Allowances of Money due or fuppofed to be due for or in refpeft of the Services of any fuch Officer, Seaman, Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, or other Perfon as aforefaid,

Srformed or fuppofed to have been performed on board of any of is Majefty’a Ships or Veflels, His Heirs or Succeffors, or fhali demand or receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfiori Money or other Allowances of Money due or fuppofed to be due for or in refpeft of the Services of any fuch Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Perfon as aforefaid, performed or fuppofed to have been performed on board any of His Majefty’s Ships or Veflels upon or by virtue of any Probate of any Will or Letters of Adminiftration, knowing the Will on which fuch Probate (hall have been obtained to be falfe, forged and counterfeited, or knowing the Probate of fuch Will, or fuch Letters of Adminiftration, as laft aforefaid, to have been obtained by means of any fuch falfe Oath* as aforefaid, with intention to defraud any Perfon or Perfons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatfoever, then every fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending, and being thereof convifted according to due Courfe of Law, (hall be deemed guilty of Felony, and {hall fuffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XIX. And be it further enafted, That every Agent or other Perfon authorifed and empowered to receive any Prize or Bounty Money or other Monies as arorefaid, (hall, within Ten Days after he (hall nave rendered to the Treafurer of Greenwich Hofpital or his Deputy, and verified his Statement and Account of the Proceeds and Diftribution of any fuch Prize or other Monies, deliver or tranfmit to the Treafurer or Paymafter of His Majefty's Navy a Copy of fuch Statement and Account (the Charge for copying tne fame being allowed to the {aid Agent), under the like Penalty for Negleft as is by this Aft impofed for neglefting to render fuch Statement and Account to the Treafurer of tne faid Royal Hofpital, or his Deputy.

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

SCHEDULE (A*)

*	ITNOW all Men by thefe Prefents, That we

*	*	of	and	'	of

*	are	jointly	and	feverally	held and firmly hound to

*	our Sovereign Lord the King, and to the Treafurer of Greenwich 4 Hofpital for the time being, in the Sum of Five thoufand Pbunds

* of

AJ),181*.

W GEO, III.

C. 56.

4 of lawful Monfy of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 4 Ireland, current in England, to be paid to oor faid Sovereign Lord 4 the King, and to the Treafurer of Greenwich Hofpkal for the

*	time being, or either of them, or their certain Attorney, Succeffors 4 or Affigns, for which Payment to be well and truly made we bind 4 ourfelves and each of us, our and each of our Heirs, Executors

*	and Admkufbratojrs, firmly by the($ Prefenta. Sealed with our

4 Seals, dated the	'	Day of	in	the

4	Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George

*	the	by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of

4 Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and in the 4 Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred and

THE CONDITION of this above written Obligation is fuch, that if the above bounden	(hall duly execute his Truft

in all Matters of Prise Agency that fhall be committed to his Care, and if the above bounden	his	Executors	or

Adminiftrators, do and (hall in all things conform to the Rules, Regulations and Provifions of the feveralA&s now in force with refpcft to Prize or Bounty Money, Grants or other Allowance of Money, as far as the faid Adis relate to licenfed Agents, then this Obligation to be void, or e}fe to remain in full force and virtue.

SCHEDULE (B.)

ORDER for the Payment of Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances in the nature thereof.

Not revocable•

This Order is figned at	in the County of

on the	Day of	18

4 AT *^even DaP’ Sight pay to	or	his

4 Order, the Sum of	out	of	the	Amount

4 of my Share of Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowance 4 of Money in the nature thereof, for the Capture of 4 while I was ferving on board His Majefty’s Ship or VefTel 4 the	for	Value advanced to me by the

4 faid

To the Treafurer of Greenwich Hofpital and Clerk of the Cheque there.

SCHEDULE (C.) CERTIFICATE.

TTHIS iy to certify, That the within Order was figned in my [or our 3 Pretence by the faid	who is known to

me [or reprefented to me by	of	]

to be the Perfon who was ferving in auality of on board His Majefty’s Ship or Veffei the	at	the

Captures in the faid Order mentioned.

Witnefs my [0* our] Hand at	in	the

County of	this	Day	of

18 .

. \ Captain, or Minifter and Churchwardens* of J the faid Parifh of

368

C.56, 57.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

i

Note.—This Certificate to be figned by the Captain or Commanding Officer, and One other Signing Officer of the Ship to which the Party belongs.

If difcharged from the Service, and refident at any Place where there is a Deputy or Agent of the Hofpital, to be figned by that Deputy.

If within Four Miles of the Hofpital, by the Clerk of the Cheque or his Firlt Clerk.

If st any other Place within the Bills of Mortality, by the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office or his Affiftant.

If by Marines at Head Quarters where there is no Deputy to the Hofpital, to be figned by the Colonel or Commanding Officer and the Adjutant.

If by any Perfon at Sick Quarters, to be figned by the Surgeon and One of his Affiftants $ but where there a Deputy, to be figned by fuch Deputy.

If at any other Place in England, to be figned by the Minifter and One of the Churchwardens $ and if in Scotland, by the Minifter and One of the Elders.

SCHEDULE (D.)

The following are the Particulars acknowledged by the faid

. to have been received by him, and to be the Coft-fideration for the within Order.

[HereJlate Particulars.]

.	Witnefs

CAP. LVII.

3$ G. 3. c. 89.

§53-

An A£k to alter and amend certain Laws of Excife in refped to Salt and Rock Salt.	[ad	July 1819.3

WHEREAS it is expedient to alter and amend certain Laws of Excife, with refpe& to Salt and Rock Salt: And ‘ Whereas by an Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of * His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for transferring the Management * of the Salt Duties to the Commiffioners of Excife; and for repealing 4 the Duties on Salty and the Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties paid 9 thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances and 9 Bounties thereon; it is amongft other things ena&ed, that in all * Cafes where any Officer or Officers of Excife is or are authorifed, 9 empowered or required to afeertain the Quantity of Salt or Rock 9 Sait by Weight, no lefs Quantity of luch Salt or Rock Salt * (hall be weighed at one Draught than Two Bufhels, fave and 4 except in any Cafe where the whole Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt 9 to be delivered at any one time fhau be lelia than Two Bufhels ; 4 and every fuch Officer or Officers, on weighing any Salt or Rock 4 Salt, (hall give the Turn of the Scale in favour of tlie Crown, and ‘ in lieu thereof fhall make an Allowance at and after the Rate of * Half a Pound Weight in every Two Bufhels of fuch Salt or Rock 4 Salt: And Whereas it is expedient to make fuch Alteration in the 9 faid Law as hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, Ipy and with the Advice and

Confent

A.D. 1819.

59o GEO. III.

C. 57-

369

Confent of the Lords Spiritual* and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight No Salt or

hundred and nineteen, no Salt or Rock Salt fhall be weighed by Sait **

any Officer or Officers with fuch Turn of the Scale as aforelaid, nor

/hall any Allowance as aforefaid be made on the weighing of any

Salt or Rock Salt; fare and except when and at the time that any

Salt or Rock Salt is delivered from the Salt Work, Pit. or Mine,

where the fame has been made or raifed, or any Warehoufe belonging

thereto, and in which fuch Salt or Rock Salt has been depolited

without Payment of Duty; and that in every Permit which mall be Net Quantity

granted, and in every Bond which (hall be given or entered into for specified in

the Removal of any Salt or Rock Salt, the Net Quantity only of the

Salt or Rock Salt to be removed fhall be fpecified; and that anv Bond’

Officer or Officers who fhall at any time thereafter reweigh any fucn Salt or Rock Salt, (hall weigh and take his or their Account thereof in net Bufhels and Pounds only, and without giving any fuch Turn of the Scale, or making any fuch Allowance as aforefaid; any thing in the faid A&, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 II. And Whereas all Salt and Rock Salt found removed or ‘ removing without a true and lawful Permit accompanying the fame,

* or under .a falfe Description, are by Law forfeited and liable to be .

‘ feized ;* Be it therefore enaded, That no Salt or Rock Salt which Salt or Rock fhall have been delivered free of Duty, fhall be forfeited or liable to Salt delivered Seizure for or on account of any Excefs in the Weight or Quantity thereof, over and above the Weight and Quantity fpecified in the Excess above^ Permit granted for the Removal of and accompanying the fame, which Weight and fhall or may be found by any Officer or Officers of Excife on his or Quantity spe-their reweighing or taking an account thereof, when fuch Excefs cified in Permit, fhall appear to have been occafioned by Accident and without Fraud ; unle*B *rau * . and fuch Excefs fhall be thereupon continued with the Bulk* of fuch Salt or Rock Salt, and fuch Excefs (hall be indorfed upon the Back of the Permit accompanying fuch Salt, or if necefiary a new Permit fhall be granted for the Removal of the whole: Provided always Eiceos of more neverthelefs, that whenever any fuch Excefs fhall be found to exceed than 5 lb. per the Quantity fpecified in the Permit granted for the Removal of and ^wt. c\StOVei accompanying fuch Salt or Rock Salt, in a greater Proportion than per Cwu at and after the Rate or Proportion of Five Pounds Weight for every fn all ojber Salt One hundred Pounds Weight of fuch Salt, if Stove dried Salt, or and Rock Salt, Two Pounds Weight for every One hundred Pounds Weight of all conclusive Evi-otber Salt or Rock Salt refpe&ively mentioned in fuch Permit, fuch dence of Fraud, greater Excefs fhall be deemed and taken to be exprefs Proof and conclufive Evidence of Fraud; and all the Salt or Rock Salt itfpe&ively fo found removed or removing fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywife notwithstanding.

< III. And Whereas by an A & made in the Fifty feventh Year 57 G. 3. c. 49. * of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for altering 1 and amending the Laws of Excife with rcfpeft to Salt and Rock Salt,

1 it is amongft other things ena&ed, that if there fhall be delivered 5 x9*

' * out of any Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or other VefTel ufed or i employed for carrying or removing Salt or Rock Salt delivered 69 Gso. III.	B	b	•	Duty

S70

59* GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Vessels carrying Salt or Rock. Salt for Fishery, &c. Coastwise on Bond, not detained though delivering less than their Cargoes, Ac.

Officers to report Seizures.

Bond cancelled .where Deficiency does not exceed life per Cwt

57 G. 3. c. 49* §65.

C. 67.

‘ Duty free, on her Arrival at the Place of her Deilination, a lefs

* Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt than was refpe&ively loaded on

* board thereof for any fuch Removal as aforeiaid, the Mailer or 4 other Perfon commanding fuch Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or other

*	Veflel (hall forthwith pay to the nearefi Colleftor of Excife, the 4 full Amount of the Duty of Fifteen Shillings for eveiy Bufhel of

*	the Salt or Rock Salt refpedlively fo deficient, and fo in propor-

*	tion foe any lefs Quantity; and fuch Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or

*	other Veflel fhall and may be feized and detained by any Officer 4 of Ciiftoms or Excife in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 4 Ireland, until the fame (hall be paid, and alfo all Expences attending

*	or occafioned by fuch Seizure and Detention; except in certain

*	Cafes in the faid Adt in that behalf mentioned; And Whereas

*	it is expedient to make a further Exception in this refpedl ;* Be it therefore enadled, That no fuch Duty fhall be demanded or paid, or any fuch Detention as lad aforefaid be made, for or in refpedl of any Salt or crufhed Rock Salt fo found deficient in any Quantity of Salt or crufhed Rock Salt refpedlively, which fhall have been (hipped without Payment of Dnty and on Bond, to be removed and earned Coadwife tor the purpole of curing and preferving Fifh, or for making Oxymuriate Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, unlefs the Quantity fo found deficient as aforefaid fhall exceed the Rate or Proportion of One Pound Weight in or upon every One hundred Pounds Weight of fuch Salt or crufhed Rock Salt refpedlively fo fhipped and removed as lad aforefaid, and for and upon luch Excefs only, unlefs upon Proof to the Satisfa&ion of the Commiffioners of Excife, that fuch Deficiency was occafioned by Fraud, in which Cafe fuch Duty as aforefaid fhall be payable and paid, and fuch Detention fhall be made for and in refpedl of the Whole thereof; and every Officer and Officers of Excife feizing or detaining any Salt or Rocx Salt, or any Ship or other Veffel, tor any Caufe of Forfeiture or Detention mentioned in this or any other Adi or Adis of Parliament relating to Salt or Rock Salt, fhall and they are hereby required forthwith to report fuch Seizure or Detention, with all the Circum-flances attending the fame, to the Commiffioners of Excife.

IV. And be it further enabled, That in all fuch Cafes as laft aforefaid, in which fuch Deficiency fhall not exceed the Rate or Proportion lad aforefaid, the Commiffioners of Excife in England or Scotland refpedlively fhall, unlefs they fhall be fatisfied that fuch Deficiency was occafioned by Fraud, forbear to put in fuit any Bond given or entered into for the Removal of any fuch Sak or Crufhed Rock Salt as lad aforefaid, and order the fame to be cancelled and difeharged; any thing in the faid Adi made in the Fifty feventh Year aforeiaid to the contrary in any wife notwithdanding.

4 V. And Whereas it i9 by the faid Adi, made in the Fifty feventh 4 Year aforefaid, enadled, that in cafe any Salt or Rock Salt removing 4 from One Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain to any other Part 4 thereof^ or fhipped for Exportation to Ireland, fhall be loft or 4 dedroyed by a Leak or Leaks accidentally or unavoidably fprung 4 by any Flat, Barge, Boat or other Veffel, during fuch Carnage or 4 Conveyance of fuch Salt or Rock Salt, and fatisfadlorily fhewn to 4 the Officer of Excife at the Port or Place of Difcharge, before or 4 at the time of the Delivery of fuch Salt or Rock Salt refpedlively, 4 it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Owner,' Proprietor or

«.Shipper

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.67.

371

*	Shipper of fuch 'Salt or Rock Salt, or Captain, Configure or

*	Agent, to make fuch Application, and for fucn Proceedings to be 4 had thereon, and for the Commiflioners of Excife to grant fuch 4 Relief, as are authorifed, directed or required by the faid Aft, ‘ upon and under the Terms, Conditions and Reftriftions therein

* mentioned: And Whereas it may happen that fuch Salt or Rock 4 Salt may be loft or deftroyed by Water accidentally and unavoid. 4 ably, and by the Perils of the Sea, being received and taken

*	into the Hold of fuch Ship or other Veffel, during fuch Voyage 4 as aforefaid, without the Mafter or Commander being able to fhew

*	to fuch Officer as aforefaid the Leak or Leaks by which fuch 4 Water fo entered, but the Faft of fuch Entrance of Water, and 4 the confequent Lofs and Deftruftion of the Salt or Rock Salt* 4 may be (hewn to fuch “Officer as aforefaid at the time of the 4 Delivery of fuch Salt or Rock Salt, by the State and Condition 4 of the Salt or Rock Salt remaining in the Hold of fuch Ship or 4 other Veffel, and may thereby with other Evidence be fatisfaftorily 4 proved: And Whereas it is expedient that fuch Relief as is pro-4 .vided and given as aforefaid by the faid Aft ftiall be granted and 4 extended to every fuch CafeBe it therefore further enafted. That whenever by the Perils of the Sea, and not from the Want of Seaworthinefs of the Ship or other Veffel at the time of the Loading thereof, or of reafonable or proper Care, any Salt or Rock Sak fliall or may be loft or deftroyed during any fuch Voyage as aforefaid, by Water accidentally and unavoidably, and by the Perils aforefaid, taken or received fnto the Hold of any fuch Ship or other Veffel; and the Mafter or Mate of fuch Ship or other Veffel fhall at the time enter a faithful, true and regular Account in the Log Book of fuch Ship or other Veffel, of fuch Event, or of his or their Reafons for believing or apprehending the fame to have taken place ; and fuch Mafter or Commander and Mate, if both are living, or if both are not living, if the Survivor and One other Seaman, or if neither Mafter or Mate are living, if Two of the Seamen of and belonging to fuch Ship or other Veffel, (hall, within Twenty four Hours after the Arrival of fuch Ship or other Veffel at her Port or Place of Dif-charge, and before any Part of the Salt or Rock Salt on board thereof fhall be unloaded or difcharged, produce fuch Log Book, with fuch Entry as aforefaid, unaltered or defaced, together with a true Copy thereof, to the Colleftor, Supervifor, or other proper Officer of Excife at the faid Port or Place, and verify the fame and fuch Entry as aforefaid by and upon their Corporal Oaths iwhich Oath the Colleftor, Supervifor and Officers of Excife refpeftively, are hereby authorifed to adminifter), and fhall then leave fuch Copy as aforefaid with fuch Colleftor, Supervifor or Officer of Excife as aforefaid, and fuch Lofs or Deftruftion fhall afterwards, from the State and Condition of fuch Salt or Rock Salt, on the Delivery thereof from on board fuch Ship or Veffel, and by other fatis-faftory Evidence, be proved to have taken place from fuch Caufe as albrefaid, then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Owner, Proprietor or Shipper of fuch Salt or

. Rock Suit, or Captain, Confignce or Agent as aforefaid, to make filch Application, and for fuch Proceedings to be had thereon, and for fuch Commiffioners, if fatisfied with fuch Proofs as aforefaid, to grant the like Relief, as are mentioned, authorifed, direfted or

Bb 2	required

Relief for Salt or Rock Salt lost by Leak of any Vessel extended to Loess* by any acd* dental Entrance of Water.

How such accident to be verified to Commissioners,

C. 57.

59® GEO. 111.

A.D. 1819

57 O. 3. c. 49-$ 66. repealed.

Refusal of Commissioners to grant Relief upon Certifl* cate to be stated in Writing, with their Reasons for such Refusal; and Party may appesd to Quarter Sessions against such Refusal.

Decision of Commissioners communicated to Party in Writing.

Party may make further Proof.

required in and by the faid Aft, as if fuch Salt or Rock Salt had been loft; or deftroyed by a Leak or Leaks fatisfaftorily (hewn to the Officer of Excife in the manner mentioned and required by the faid Aft.

4 VI. And Whereas by the faid Aft, made in the Fifty feventh

*	Year aforefaid, if the Commiffioners of Excife (hall be diflatisfied

*	with any fuch Examination or Certificate as are in the faid Aft 4 mentioned, touching or relating to any Lofs of Salt or Rock Salt 4 as therein mentioned, they are hereby authorifed and required,' 4 within Fourteen Days, to fignify the fame to the Party or Parties 4 making the Application on which fuch Examination has been taken,' 4 and give to fuch Party or Parties a Notice of Appeal to the 4 Juftices of the faid County, or of the County from which fuch Salt 4 or Rock Salt (hall have been (hipped, at the Quarter Seffions of 4 the Peace which (hall be holden in and for the faid County next 4 after fuch Certificate (hall have been received by them as afore-4 faid: And Whereas fuch Appeal is unneceflary, inconvenient 4 and expenfiveBe it therefore cnafted. That fo much of the faid Aft as authorises or requires fuch Appeal by the faid Commiffioners, (hall be and the lame is hereby repealed; and that if fuch Commiffioners refpeftively (hall, on the Receipt of any fuch Certificate as aforefaid, refufe to grant fuch Relief as is provided by the' faid Aft, by allowing to the Maker or Proprietor of the Salt or Rock Salt therein mentioned, out of the Duties on Salt which (hall next become due and payable from fuch Maker or Proprietor, the full Amount of the Duties proved to have been paid for fuch Salt or Rock Salt as (hall, in the Examinations thereby certified, be mentioned to have been loft or deftroyed, or by cancelling or vacating the Bond given for the Delivery of fuch Salt or Rock Salt, as the cafe may happen to be, then and in every fuch Cafe refpec-tively, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Party or Parties who (hall have made fuch Application, or for the Proprietor or Shipper of fuch Salt or Rock Salt, within Fourteen Days next after fuch Refufal (hall have been communicated in Writing to him or them, together with Grounds and Reafons for fuch Refufal, to give notice of Appeal, and to appeal againft fuch Refufal, to the Juftices at the next Quarter Seffions after the Expiration of fuch Fourteen Days, to be holden in and for the County neareft to which the Lofs (hall have happened, or to the Place where fuch Salt or Rock Salt (hall have been (hipped, or (hall have been refpeftively difehirged, at the Option of fuch Party or Parties, Proprietor or Shipper as aforefaid ; and for fuch Proceedings to be had thereon, and in like manner, as if fuch Certificate had been that the Fafts required by the Aft to be proved upon Oath had not been proved; and alfo, that every Decifion by the faid Commiffioners upon any fuch Certificate (hall be communicated to the Party or Parties making the Application in Writing, and with all due Diligence and Di(patch after the Receipt by luch Commiffioners of fuch Certificate, and that the Grounds and Reafons of their Refufal to grant Relief thereon as aforefaid (hall be dated and communicated in Writing therewith ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the Party or Parties making fuch Application as aforefaid to make, in like manner as is mentioned in the laid Aft, further Proof in fupport thereof, in anfwer to or Satisfaftion t>f the Objeftions made by fuch Commiffioners to

the

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. Ill*

C. 57.

373

the granting of fuch Relief as aforefaid: Provided always, that no

further Proof (hall be made as aforefaid, or received by fuch Com-

miflioners refpedively, after the Expiration of Twenty eight Days	•

horn the time of fuch Refufal of the faid Commiffioners refpedively

being communicated as aforefaid*

VII- And be it further enaded, That in all Cafes mentioned in Officers of the faid Alt or in this Ad, where Salt or Rock Salt exported from Customs in Great Britain to and delivered at any Port or Place in Ireland, Ireland sub* (hall be taken account of at fuch Port or Place by the Officer of Cuftoms there, and not by any Officer of Excife, the Oath and cise in respect*" Oaths direded by this Ad, or by any other Ad of Parliament, to to Salt or Rock be made touching or relating to the Conveyance, Lofs or Delivery, Salt exported of Salt or Rock Salt, (hall be made before fuch Officer or Officers from Great of the Cuftoms (which Oath and Oaths refpedively he and they are. hereby refpedively authorifed to adminifter); and fuch Officer and Are Officers of the Cuftoms refpedively in Ireland (hall weigh and take account of fuch Salt and Rock Salt, and (hall and are hereby required to exercife and perform all the Powers, Authorities and Duties touching or relating to the Conveyance, Lofs or Delivery, of fuch Salt or Rock Salt, as are direded, impofed, given or granted by the faid Ads or this Ad to any Officer or Officers of Excife in Great Britain in refped of Salt or Rock Salt removed Coaftwife.

4 VIII. And Whereas all Fi(h Curers, before they are allowed or 38 G.3. c.89.

4 permitted to receive into their Cuftody or PofTeffion any Salt or § 94.

4 Rock Salt Duty free, for the purpofe of curing or preferving Fi(h,

4 are bound by Law to give Bond or Security, to be approved of by 4 the Commiffioners of Excife, or the Perfbn or Perfona appointed by 4 them for the due Application of and accounting for all luch Salt:

4 And Whereas it is ufual for Fi(h Curers to enter into fuch Bonds 4 as aforefaid, together with Two other Perfons as their Sureties;

4 and it is deemed expedient to make other Regulations in the* Cafe 4 of Fi(h Curers receiving fmall Quantities only of fuch Salt or 4 Rock Salt ;* Be it therdore enaded, That every Fi(h Curer who Fish Curers (hall give notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excife of the giving Notice Diviiion or Diftrid in which the Warehoufe dr Storehoufe by him Officer of or her intended to be made ufe of for the keeping of Duty free Salt or Rock Salt (hall be lituate, of his or her Intention to receive in any t|lan pokir One Year, ending on the Firft Day of May, no more than Four Bufhels Bushels of ’ of Salt or Rock Salt Duty free, for the purpofe of curing and Salt or Rock preferving Fi(h, (hall be allowed and permitted, upon giving Bond Sa,t» aN°we<I with Condition as by Law is in that behalf required, but without Sureties, and in the Penalty of only Ten Pounds, to receive into his or her Cuftody and Pofleffion, Duty free, for the purpofe of curing aod preferving Fifh, any Quantity or Quantities of Salt or Rock Salt not exceeding Four Buihels in the whole in any One Year, ending on the Firft Day of Mayf under and fubjed neverthelefs to all the Rules, Regulations, Keftridions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which any other Fi(h Curer or Fifh Curers is or are by Law fubjed or liable: Provided always, that if any Fifh Such Fish Curer who (hall have given fuch Notice of his or her Intention to Curers may receive in any One Year as aforefaid, no more than Four Bufhels of Salt or Rock Salt as laft aforefaid,. and fuch Bond as aforefaid, gajt (hall afterwards be defirous of receiving iii the fame Year any further ginng the

Bb 3	Quantity	usual Bond.

to receive it Duty-rtee*

974

C. 57.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.18I9.

.18 G. 3. c. 89. §105,

Sureties of Fish Curers shall not be liable under their Bonds to more than the Amount of Duties and Costs, unless privy to tho Fraud by which the Bond is forfeited.

Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt, he or (he (hall be allowed, and at liberty fo to do, on firft duly accounting with the proper Officer for fo much of fuch Four Buffiels of Salt or Rock Salt as he or (he (hall have already received as aforefaid, and upon giving Bond as by Law is required in that behalf from other Filh Curers who have not given any fuch Notice as aforefaid.

* IX. And Whereas,if on weighing, taking account of and balanc-1 ing the Stock of Salt in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of any entered

*	Filh Curer or Filh Curers in the Month of May, there (hall appear € to be any Salt deficient in Quantity, which fuch Fifh Curer or ‘ Fifh Curers (hall have received or had in his, her or their Cuftody 4 or Poffeffion free of Duty in the Year laft preceding, making an ‘ Allowance for the whole Quantity of Salt which fuch ri(h Curer or ‘ Filh Curers (hall have legally and truly delivered into the Cuftody 4 or Poffeffion of any other Filh Curers in the Courfe of fuch laft

*	preceding Year, and alfo making an Allowance at and after the ‘ Rates and Proportions by Law granted for the Salt employed 4 and con fumed by fuch Filh Curer and Filh Curers, in fuch laft 4 preceding Year, in curing and preserving the Filh cured, preferved 4 and produced within fuch Year to the proper Officer, then and in 4 fuch Cafe all the Salt fo deficient is deemed and taken to be Salt 4 illegally difpofed of, or mifapplied by fuch Fifh Curer or Filh 1 Curers ; and fuch Fi(h Curer and Fifh Curers, for every Bulhel of

*	Salt fo found deficient as aforefaid, forfeits and lofes the Sum of 4 Seventeen Shillings: And Whereas the Penalty of the Bond

*	entered into and given by every Fifh Curer, before he, (he or 4 they (hall be allowed or permitted to receive into his, her or their 4 Cullody and Poffeffion, any Salt or Rock Salt free of Duty, for 4 the purpofe of curing and preserving Fi(h, may become forfeited 4 by the Sale or Mifapplication of any Part of fuch Salt or Rock 4 Salt, or by any other Breach of the Condition of the faid Bond, to 4 the great Prejudice of the Sureties of fuch Filh Curer or Filh 4 Curers, who will thereupon become liable to a Penalty exceeding

*	the immediate Injury which His Majefty may have luftained by

*	fuch OffenceBe it therefore cna&ed. That from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, no Perfon or Perfons being the Surety or Sureties of or in the Bond given by any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers as aforefaid, (hall pay, under the Penalty of any fuch Bond fo forfeited as aforefaid, any greater Sum than what would have been the Amount of the Duties upon the Salt or Rock Salt fo found deficient, or fold, delivered or mifapplied as aforefaid, if fuch Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt had been legally taken out of any Warehoufe for Home Confumption upon Payment of Dutyi together with the Cods and Expcnces incurred or paid by His Majefty for and in the Rccovenr thereof, and that upon Payment thereof, all Proceedings on any fuch Bond againlt any fuch Surety or Sureties as aforefaid (nail ceale : Provided always, that if it (hall appear to the Commiffioners of Excife, that any fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid (hall have been a Party or Privy, Parties or Privies to any fuch Deficiency, Sale, Delivery or Mifapplication of any Part of fuch Salt or Rock Salt as aforefaid, he, (he and they (hall be fubjedl and liable to pay the whole Penalty of any fuch Bond fo forfeited as aforefaid ; and it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, in the Name of His Majefty’a

Attorney

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

C 57-

S75

Attorney General, to Cue for and recover the fame to and for His Maiefty’s Ufe.

A. And be it further ena&edy That from and after the faid Fifth Bond on Re-Day of July, no Bond given or entered into for the Exportation or for the Removal of Salt or Rock Salt, (hall be put in fuit or pro- Put“,urt-fecuted for any Forfeiture of the Penalty thereof, unlefs Notice (nail, Notice, within Twelve Calendar Months from the Date thereof, be given by the Commillioners or fome Officer of Excife to the Obligors or fome Obligor of and in fuch Bond, of the Default in the Performance of the Conditions thereof.

XI.	And be it further ena£led, That no Bond given or entered So as to Bond into by any Fi(h Curer or Fi(h Curers (hall be put in fuit or pro- entered into by fecuted for any Forfeiture of the Penalty thereof, unlefs Notice Curer*. (hall, within Twelve Months from the Expiration of the time for performing the Condition thereof, be given by the Commiffioners or

fome Officer of Excife to fuch Fiffi Curer or Fifh Curers, of his, her or their Default in the Performance thereof.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in all Bonds given, entered Bond limited into or required under any Law or Laws of Excife, for fecuring to Penalties* the Duties upon Salt or Rock Salt for the Exportation or Removed herein men-of Salt or Rock Salt, or the due Delivery, Employment or Appli- t*on*k cation thereof, the Penalty of every fuch Bond (hall be a Sum not

lefs than One hundred Pounds added to the Amount of the. Duties now payable upon Salt made in England and taken out for Home Confumption, calculated on the Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt mentioned in the Condition of fuch Bond, if fuch Duties do not ex* ceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, nor more than Double the Amount of fuch Duties on fuch Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt, where fuch Duties exceed One hundred rounds, and are lefs than One thoufand Pounds; and that in all Cafes where fuch Duties fo calculated are One thoufand Pounds or upwards, the Penalty of fuch Bond (hall be a Sum equal to the Amount of fuch Duties calculated as aforefaid, and of One thoufand Pounds, together with Twenty five Pounds per Centum on fuch Duties ; any thing in this or any other A€t br A&s of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding. ^

* XIII. And Whereas it was provided by the faid Att, made in j

*	the Fifty feventh Year aforefaid, that no crufhed Rock Salt, or 4 crufiied, fufed or folid Salt, or coloured or dyed Salt, delivered

•	Duty free for the Ufe of the Filheries, {hould, after the Month of 4 April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, be removed in 4 any Flat, Barge, Boat or other Veflel, or in any Waggon, Cart or 4 otner Carriage, in which any Salt of any other Defcnption, or un-4 crufhed Roclt Salt, (hould be put or laid; and that no crufhed 4 Rock Salt, crufhed, fufed or folid Salt, or coloured or dyed Salt,

4 (hould be delivered to any Filh Curer after the Month of April 4 One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, who (hould not make 4 Entry to ufe coloured or dyed Salt, and crufhed, fufed or folid 4 Salt, and crufhed Rock Salt only, for curing and prefervingFifh,

4 or (hould after the time laft aforefaid have any Duty free White 4 Salt in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofieffion for that Purpofe;

4 and that no Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers who (hould at any time after 4 the Month of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen,

4 receive, have or take into his, her or their Cuftody or PofTeffion 4 any White Salt delivered D ' r * for curing or prelerying Fifh, or

any

37 6

C.67.

59° GEO. III.	A.D.18I

Extended to April 1821.

Proviso as to Fish Curers accounting for dyed, &c. Salt received in the preceding Year.

38 G. 3. c, 89. 5 9» «>•

39 G. 3. c. 65. $9-

4 any other £erfon or Perfons, not making Entry and giving Bond

*	as thereinbefore mentioned, or not being a Fifh Curer or Fifh 4 Carers, and making Entry and giving Bond as thereinafter men-

*	doned for any fuch Warehoufe thereinbefore mentioned; or not 4 being a Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, and making Entry and giving^

*	Bond as thereinafter mentioned, for the Receipt and Ufe oT 4 coloured or dyed Salt, or crufhed, fufed or folid Salt, or crufhed 4 Rock Salt, for curing and preferring Fifh 5 or not being a Glafs 4 Maker, or Maker of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate 4 of Lime, fhould have, receive or take into his, her or their Cuflody 4 or PofTeilion any Britijb coloured or dyed Salt, or any crufhed,

4 fufed or folid Salt, or any crufhed Rock Salt (not being delivered 4 and fhipped for and in the Courfe of Exportation) under the 4 Penalty and Forfeiture therein mentioned: And Whereas for the 4 purpole of affording an Opportunity of making further Trial of 4 the Ufe of crufhed Rock Salt in the Cure of Fifh, it is expedient 4 to extend the refpedlive Dates and Times aforefaid, at which the 4 refpedlive Provifions hereinbefore recited fhall commence and take 4 effedl, from the Month of April aforefaid, to the Month of April 4 One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one Be it therefore enadled, That the feveral Provifions hereinbefore recited, fhall not nor fhall any of them commence or take effect, until from and after the Month of April One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, any thing in the faid Adi to the contrary notwithflanding; Provided always, that in the Months of May One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one refpe&ively, all and every Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers, who fhall have in the Year and before the Month of April preceding, received or ufed both coloured or dyed, or crufhed, fufed or Rock Salt, and alfo White Salt, fhall account for all dyed or coloured Salt, and all crufhed, fufed or Rock Salt, received in the preceding Year, under the fame Rules, Reflridlions, Regulations and Allowances as arc provided by Law with refpedl to White Salt delivered Duty free for the Fifheries.

4 XIV. And Whereas by an Adi made in the Thirty eighth Year 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, for transferring the Manage-4 ment of the Salt Duties to the Commiflioners of Excife, if any 4 Foreign Salt or other Salt imported into Great Britain, fhall not 4 be entered and landed, and the Duty payable thereon be fully 4 paid within Twenty Days after fuch Report, as is therein dire&ed, 4 has or ought to have been made, all fuch Salt fhall be forfeited; 4 provided that any fuch Foreign Salt duly imported may, upon due 4 Entry thereof, be forthwith, and before Payment of the Duty, 4 landed, weighed and put into fuch Warehoufe, Storehoufe or 4 Cellar, and under fuch Bond or Security for Payment of the 4 Duties as is and are in that behalf therein diredled : And Whereas 4 by an Adi made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His 4 prefent Majefly, for, amongfl other things, amending the faid A61 4 made in the Thirty eighth Year aforefaid, any Perfon within Twelve 4 Months after the Importation and landing of any fuch Foreign 4 Salt, may take free of Duty, for the purpofe of immediately 4 exporting the fame in any Ship or Veflel, not of lefs Burthen than 4 Forty Tons, to Newfoundland, for curing Cod Fifh, Ling or Hake, 4 to be there caught, any Quantity' exceeding Fifty Bufhels at a time,

4 of

A. D. 1819,

59* GEO. IIL

S77

C. 57.

* of Foreign Salt, from and out of any Import Warehoufe, Store-4 houfe or Cellar, at either of the Ports of Poole, Dartmouth, FaU 4 mouth or Glafgowy into which the fame has been put, according to 4 the Regulations of the faid A A made ig the Thirty eighth Year 4 afore faid, upon fuch Perfon or Perfons firft giving fuch Bond or 4 Security as by the faid A A made in the Thirty ninth Year aforefaid 4 is in that behalf directed; and by another Aft made in the Fiftieth 50 G. 3. c. 6c.

4 Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, the like Permiflion is § *•

4 granted in refpeft to Foreign Salt lodged in any Import Warehoufe,

4 Storehoufe or Cellar, at the Port of Brtjtol 5 and by the faid Aft 4 made in the Fifty feventh Year aforefaid, the like Permiflion is 57 G. 3. c. 49.

4 granted in refpeft to Foreign Salt lodged in any Import Ware-

4 houfe, Storehoufe or Cellar, at Plymouth: And Whereas it would

4 be convenient to permit any Cargo of fuch Foreign Salt as may be

4 duly brought or imported as aforefaid into any of the aforefaid

4 Ports, to be within fuch Twenty Days as aforefaid tranfhipped in

4 any of fuch Ports from the Ship or Veflel in which the fame may

4 be fo imported, into any other iuch Ship or Veflel as aforefaid, as

4 may then be lying in fuch Port, ready and about to fail and depart

4 for Newfoundland, for the purpofe of curing Cod Fifh, Ling or

4 Hake, to be there caught, without the fame being firft landed and

4 warehoufed in fuch Port ;* Be it therefore enafted. That from and foreign Salt

after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen,

it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Perfon or Perfons, by and mentioned, may

with the Confent and Approbation of the Commiflioners of Excife, be there tran-

and in the Prefence of the proper Officer of Excife, to weigh, deliver shipped for

and tranfhip within fuch Twenty Days as aforefaid, in any of the Newfoundland

aforefaid Ports, any Cargo of Foreign Salt, from and out of the Ship

or Veflel in which the fame (hall or may have been duly imported into warehoused.

fuch Port, into any other Ship or Ships, or Veflel or Vefiels, not

being of lefs Burthen than Forty Tons, then lying in fuch Port ready

and about to fail <	‘	thence	for Newfoundland, for the

purpole of curing	or	Hake,	to be there caught, on

fuch Perfon or Perfons firft giving fuch Bond or Security as is in that behalf direfted by the faid Aft, made in the Thirty ninth Year aforefaid, and without fuch Salt being firft landed and warehoufed in fuch Port 5 any thing in the faid recited Afts or any of them to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding: Provided always, that if Time of sailing any Ship or Veflel into which any Salt (hall be fo tranfhipped as limited, aforefaid, (hall not proceed upon her Voyage within Twenty Days after fuch Tranftiipment, Wind and Weather permitting, all fuch Salt ihall be un(hipped and warehoufed under the Provifions of the aforefaid Aft of tne Thirty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, and on default thereof (hall be forfeited, and (hall and%may be (eized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

4 XV. And Whereas by the faid Aft made in the Fifty feventh 57 G. 3. c. 49.

4 Year aforefaid, it was amongft other things enafted, that it (hall S *2'

4 and may be lawful for any Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners 4 of, or Dealer or Dealers in Salt under fuch Licence and Permiflion 4 as is therein mentioned, to provide or ereft One or more Export 4 Warehoufe or Warehoufe^ at or within the Port of London, or 4 Hull, Greenock, Leith and Plymouth, for the purpofe of laying,

4 (taring or keeping therein Salt delivered Duty free, and intended'

4 for Exportation under the Regulations and upon the Conditions

4 therein

G. 57.

59° GEO, III.

A.D. 1819*



Warehouses to be provided at Dartmouth for storing Salt for Exportation.

Proceedings thereon as in respect of Warehouses at London, Hull, &c.

How Salt shall be carried Coastwise to such Export Warehouse.

Permits to be delivered to Officer.

Salt mentioned in such Permits to be duly entered as Part of Stock.

< therein mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient to extend fuch ‘ Provifion to the Port of Dartmouth ;* Be^it therefore ena&ed, That from and after the palling of this A61 it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners of, or Dealer or Dealers in Salt, having the Licence and Permiflion in that behalf of the Commiilioners of Excife or the major Part of them for the time being, to prbvide or ere& One or more Export WarehQufe or Warehouses at or within the Port of Dartmouth for the purpofe of laying, ftoring or keeping therein Salt delivered Duty free and intended for Exportation, fuch Perfon and Perfbns giving the like Security, and being fubje& to all and fmgular the like Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Rleftri&ions, Provifions, Forfeitures and Penalties by the faid A& prescribed, dire&ed, contained or impofed with refjpe& to fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes at London, or Hull> Greenock, Leith and Plymouth, or to the Perfon or Perfons providing, ere&ing or ufing the lame.

XVI. And be it further ena&ed. That when any Salt or Rock Salt delivered Duty free for the purpofe of being carried Coaftwife to and ftored or kept in any of fuch Export Warehoufes provided at Dartmouth as aforefaid, for the purpofe of laying, ftoring or keeping therein Salt delivered Duty free for Exportation, (hall be fo carried or conveyed in or on board of any Ship or Veflel from any Port or Place in Great Britain to Dartmouth aforefaid, for the purpofe of being fo warehoused, and lhall arrive within the Port of Dartmouth aforefaid, it lhall and may be lawful to and for fuch Perfon or Perfons to tranfhip the fame therein for the fame Purpofes, and under and fubje& to all and every the Rules, Regulations and Conditions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures provided and impofed by this A&, for or in refpe& of the Tranfhipment of Foreign Salt dire&ly from the faid Ship or Veflel in which the fame (hall have been fo removed without firft landing or warehoufing the fame : Provided always, that the Permit or Permits accompanying the whole of fuch Salt of Rock Salt (hall be firft duly deliveredvto the proper Officer of Excife in that behalf; and that the Mafter or Commander of the faid Ship or Veflel (hall firft make oath, as by Law is required, on the Removal Coaftwife of Duty free Salt} and that all fuch Salt or Rock Salt (hall be firft duly weighed on board the faid Ship or Veflel, and delivered into the Ship or Veflel, Ships or Veflels, into which the fame is or (hall be fo tranfhipped, by and in the Prefence of the proper Officer or Officers of Excife in that behalf: And provided alfo, that the whole of fuch Salt or Rock Salt mentioned and exprefled in fuch Permit or Permits, and fo removed Coaftwife in fuch Ship or Veflel, (hall be duly entered as Part of the ' Stock, and deemed and taken to be received by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be fo permitted into his or their Cuftody and PofTeffion, and (hall be accounted for and accompanied with fuch Permit or Certificate, Permits or Certificates, as is or are required by Law on the Removal of any Salt or Rock Salt from any fuch Export Warehoufe ; and that fuch Entries (hall be made in refpe& thereof by fuch Perfon or Perfons as are by Law dire&ed and required to be made in cafe the whole of fuch Salt or Rock Salt exprefled and mentioned in the Permit or Permits, Certificate or Certificates, accompanying the fame had been a&ually landed and received into the entered Warehoufe of the Perfon or Perfons to whom it was firft fent, configned and permitted, and the Salt or Rock Salt tranfhipped

A.D.J819.

59• GEO. III.

C. 57.

379

ai aforefaid had been afterwards received into and as Part of his or their Stock of Salt or Rock Salt in fuch Export Warehoufe as aforefaid.

XVII. And be it further ena&ed, That when any Salt or Rock Salt (hall be delivered Duty free, for the purpofe of curing and preferring Fiih, and (hall be carried or conveyed in or on board of any Ship or Veffel, from one Port or Place in Great Britain to another, and (hall arrive at the Port or Place where the entered Prevnifea of the Fi(h Curer or Fifh Curers to whom the fame (hall be Cent and permitted, (hall be fituated, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Fi(h Curer or Fi(h Curers to fend, transfer and deliver any Part of fuch Salt or Rock Salt, to any other known and entered Fi(h Curer or Fi(h Curers direAly from the faid Ship or Veffel, without firft landing or warehouting the fame : Provided always, that the Permit accompanying the whole of the faid Salt or Rock Salt be firft duly delivered to the proper Officer of Excife in that behalf, and that the Mailer of the Veffel do firft make oath as by Law is in that behalf required, and that all fuch Salt or Rock Salt (as well fuch Part thereof as (hall be intended to be taken into the entered Premifes of the faid Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers to whom he (hall be fo permitted, as fuch Part as (hall be intended to be fent, transferred or delivered to any other Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers as aforefaid), (hall be firft duly weighed on board the faid Ship or Veffel, by and to the Satisfa&ion of the proper Officer or Officers of Excife in that behalf; and provided alfo, that the whole of fuch Salt or Rock Salt (hall be duly entered as Part of the Stock, and deemed and taken to be received by the Fi(h Curer or Fifh Curers to whom the fame fhall be fo permitted, into his, her or their Cuftody and Poffeffion, and that all fuch Salt or Rock Salt as (hall be fo fent, transferred or delivered as aforefaid, to any other Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, fhall be accounted for and (hall be accompanied with fuch Certificate and Certificates, and that fuch refpe^five Entries (hall be made in refpe& thereof (as well by the faid Fim Curer or Fifh Curers to whom fuch Salt or Rock Salt (hall be permitted, as by the Fifh Curer or FHh Curers to whom the fame (hall be fo fent and delivered), as are by Law dire6led and required to be made, in cafe the whole of fuch Salt or Rock Salt refpedtively had been a&ually landed and received into the entered Warehoufe, Cellar or Storehoufe of the Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers to whom it was firft fent and permitted, and received from him, her or them, and from his, her or their Stock of Duty free Salt, by the faid other Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers to whom the fame (hall be fo transferred or delivered.

XVIII.	And be it further ena£ted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Fifh Curer or Fi(h Curers to (hip from his, her or their entered Cellar or Storehoufe, any Quantity of his, her or their Stock of Salt or Rock Salt delivered l)uty free, for curing or preferring Fifh, and to fend the fame to Sea, to be employed in and on board of any Ship, Boat or other Veffel for that Purpofe, provided that he, (he or they fhall give previous Notice thereof in Writing to the proper Officer of Excife j and that fuch Salt fo (hipped for the Purpofe aforefaid, be accompanied with a Certificate from fuch Fifh Curer or Fiflt Curers, and counterfigned by the proper Officer of Exdfe, containing and certifying therein that fuch Salt or Rock Salt has been taken from his, her or their entered Cellar or Storehoufe for that Purpofe, and the Fifhcry where the fame is intended to be ufed

Fish Curers allowed to send Salt or Rock Salt to other entered Fish Curers.

Permit delivered.

Oath by Master.

Such Salt, && entered as Part of Stock, and deemed to have been received into Stock of Fish Curer to whom first permitted, and to be certified and kept account of as such.

Fish Caters to beat liberty to ship Part of their Stock of Salt for the Cure of Fish at Sea, under certain Condition*.

C. 57.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Fish cured at Sea from Part of a Fish Curer’s Stock of Duty free Salt, may be brought into another Port for Sale, and Fish Curer shall have Credit for it in Stock, under certain Regulations.

Fish Curer to produce and leave Certificate with Officer.

Endorsement to agree with Certificate.

as aforefaid ; and provided that no fuch {hipping or Employment as aforefaid fhall in any refpedt alter, leffen or affea the Account to be rendered by every luch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, in the Month of May in every Year, according to the Terms and Conditions of his, her or their Bond, and as required by Law, before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, any thing in this or any other A & or A6U of Parliament to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XlA. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers (hall bring or caufe to be brought any Fifh cured as aforefaid at Sea, into any Port or Place for Sale, not being the Port or Place at which he, fhe or they is or are an entered Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, the proper Officer of Excife at the Port or Place to which fuch cured Fifh fhall be fo brought as aforefaid fhall, upon receiving Twenty four Hours’ Notice thereof in Writing from fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, Confignee or Confignees, attend and take an account of fuch Fifh on board of the Ship or VefTel in which the fame fhall arrive ; and if fatisfied that the fame are well and perfe&ly cured, fhall then and there brand the Calks in which they are cured and packed, or mark fuch Fifh in the fame manner as is required by Law with refpe& to fuch Fifh when cured, upon the entered Premifes of any Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, and fhall examine the Certificate aforefaid for the Salt or Rock Salt fhipped on board fuch VefTel for the Purpofe aforefaid, and indorfe thereon the Date of fuch his branding, and the Quantity and Kind of Fifh fo by him found cured, and fo then branded or marked .as aforefaid, and the eftimated Quantity of fuch Salt or Rock Salt then remaining on board of fuch Ship or VefTel, and fhall thereupon tranfmit a Certificate thereof to the Officer of Excife under whofe Survey fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers entered Premifes and Stock of Duty free Fifhery Salt fhall then be, and fuch Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers fhall be entitled to Credit in his Account for fuch cured Fifh, in the fame manner as if fuch Fifh had been cured in and upon his and their entered Premifes, and had been there produced to and branded or marked by the proper Officer furveying fuch Premifes, as by Law is required in that behalf: Provided always, that no fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers fhall be entitled to any Credit in his, her or their Account for any fuch Fifh as aforefaid, unlefs he or they fhall firfl produce to and leave with fuch Surveying Officer the Certificate aforefaid granted, when the Salt or Rock Salt employed in the Cure of fuch Fifh was fhipped for that Purpofe as aforefaid, and endorfed as aforefaid, or unlefs fuch Endorfement, when fo produced and left, fhall agree in Date, Quantity and Quality of Fifh with the Certificate of the Account thereof taken, and the branding or marking thereof tranfmitted by the Officer at the Port or Place where fuch Fifh were fo branded or marked, to the Surveying Officer aforefaid, nor unlefs fuch Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers fhall have entered the Sale of fuch Fifh in his Account of Sales, and fpecified therein the Dates and Particulars of fuch Sales, in the fame manner as if fuch Fifh had been fold and delivered from his, her or their entered Premifes.

*	‘ XX. And Whereas, if any Fifh entered or fhipped for Export-

*	ation, for the Purpofe or to the Intent to obtain any Bounty by 1 Law granted, fhall be unfhipped, unloaded or laid on Land, or

*	put into any other Ship or VefTel ii* Great Britain; all the Fiflv

2	*	*	which

A.D. 1819*

59° GEO. III.'

C. 57*

sai

*	w^ch /hall be fo unfhipped, unladen or laid on Land, or put into

*	any other Ship or Veflel in Great Britain, or the Value thereof, 4 /hall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the fame, ‘ and alfo the Ship or Veflel from or out of which, and the Ship or 1 Veflel into which fuch Fifh (hall be takten or put, and the Ume 4 refpe&ively may be feized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms 1 or Excife : And Whereas the Exporters of fuch Fifh are by Law

*	required to give Bond and Security, that all and every Part of fuch 1 Fifh (hall be duly exported to pafs beyond the Seas, and (hall not be 4 unfhipped or laid on Land, or put on board any other Ship or 4 Veflel in Great Britain : And Whereas it is expedient to relax the 4 above Regulations in certain Cafes, where Herrings or other Fifh 4 duly packed, exported and fent for Sale to any particular Port or 4 Place beyond the Seas, (hall be returned and brought back from 4 thence for want of Purchafers at that Port or Place Be it therefore ena&ed. That neither (hall the faid Forfeiture extend or be deemed or conftrued to extend to any Herrings or other Fifh which (hall have been duly exported and fent for Sale to any Port or Place beyond the Seas, and (hall be returned or brought back dire& from that Port or Place to Great Britain, for want of Purchafers at that Port or Place, nor to the Ship or Veflel in which the fame (hall be fo reimported and brought back; nor (hall any fuch Bond or Secu* rity, as hereinbefore in that behalf mentioned, becofne forfeited by or by ieafon of any fuch Reimportation of the faid Herrings or other Fifh, or fuch landing of the fame ; nor fhall the Curer of fuch Herrings or other Fifh thereupon lofe Credit for the Salt or Rock Salt employed and allowed for the repacking of fuch Herrings or other Fifh for Exportation to fuch Port or Place aforefaid ; provided the Mailer or Perfon having the Command of the faid lau mentioned Ship or Veflel, on the Arrival of the faid lafk mentioned Ship or Veflel, and before the unihipping or relanding of any of the faid returned Herrings or other Fim, give a Notice in Writing figned by him, to the Chief Officer of Excife at the Port or Place of Great Britain at which the faid lafl mentioned Ship or Veflel fhall arrive, fpecifying the exa& and true Quantity of fuch returned Herrings or other Fim, the Name of the Veflel in which returned and reimported, sod of the Place from whence the fame have been fo Returned and reimported, die Chriftian and Surnames of the Perfon or Perfons by whom the fame were entered for Exportation, the Name of the Ship or Veflel in which they were exported, the Month and Year when exported, and the Port from whence, and the Place to which the fame were exported : Provided alfo, that all fuch returned Herrings or other Fifh fhall, before the fame or any Part thereof fhall be delivered or put out of the Ship or Veflel in which the fame fhall be returned and reimported as aforefaid, or be relanded in Great Britain, be duly taken an account of, and examined by the proper Officer of Excife in that behalf; and that the Barrels or Calks containing the fame fhall be firft duly branded and marked by fuch Officer with the Letter R, to denote that the fame have been returned from Exportation ; and provided alfo, that the fame are re-exported to fome other Port or Place in Parts beyond the Seas, without any further Bounty being claimed, paid or allowed thereon, 4and fhall .not be fold, delivered, unpacked or opened for Home Confumption.

« XXI. And

Herrings returned from any Place for want _ of Sale, may bd reimported and landed for Reexportation, ou' certain Conditions.

Master to give Notice to Officer of Quantity of returned Herrings, &c.

C. 57.

59* GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

*7 G. j. e. 4j.

5 4 9-

$53-

Selling, for Home Consumption, Herrings or Pilchards branded for Exportation, and repacking Fish shipped for Exportation to a different Place than that for which they are branded.

Penalty.

On Failure of Market, Herrings or Pilchards repacked and branded for Exportation to One Place* may be rebranded and exported to another.

* XXI. And Whereat by the laid A&, made in the Fifty feventh

*	Year aforefaid, the proper Officer of Excife is required to brand

*	on all Calks or Barrels of White Herrings or Pilchards* declared 4 by the Fifti Curer or Filh Curers to be repacked for Exportation

*	to the Eaft or JVefl Indies, South America, Madeira or the Mediter-

*	ranean, the Letter W; and on all Calks or Barrels of White ‘ Herrings or Pilchards fo declared to be repacked for Exportation

*	as aforefaid to the Baltic the Letter B ; and the Fifti Curer or Fifti 4 Curers producing the fame, is and are required forthwith to remove

*	all and every fuch Barrels or Calks, or Barrel or Caik, and at all

*	times keep /the fame wholly feparate and apart from all other Fi(h 4 not fo branded ; and the Calks under each particular Mark, feparate 4 and apart from all Calks branded with a different Mark, under the 4 Penalty of Fifty Pounds and the Forfeiture of all fuch Fifti; 4 and the like Penalty and Forfeiture thereby impofed for any

*	Calks or Barrels marked or branded with the Letter W, being 4 found in the. Cuftody or Po Hellion of any Perfon or Perfons open 4 for Home Confumption: And Whereas every Calk of Salmon 4 cured and packed or repacked for Exportation, is by the faid Ad 4 required to be branded with the Letters R S ;* Be it further ena&ed, That if any Fifti Curer or Fifti Curers, or other Perfou or Perfons, lhall fell or deliver any Calk or Barrel of White Herrings, or Pilchards branded with the Letter W, or with the Letter fi, refpe&ively, or any Calk of Salmon branded with the Letters R S, for Home Confumption, or without communicating or making known to the Purchafer thereof refpe&ively, that every luch Calk or Baird of White Herrings, or Pilchards, or Salmon refpe&ively, has been packed or repacked for Exportation only according to the branding thereof as aforefaid ; or if any fuch Caik or Barrel of White Herrings or Pilchards, or Salmon, fo refpedively branded, lhall be found in tne Cuftody or Pofieflion of any Perfon or Perfons open for the Sale or . Delivery of any Herrings 6r Pilchards, or Salmon, which are or were packed or contained therein for Home Confumption, or lhall be ftiipped for Exportation to any other Place than according to the branding thereof as aforefaid, every fuch Calk or Barrel, together with the Herrings, Pilchards or Salmon therein, or which had been therein packed or contained, lhall be forfeited, and lhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and the Fifti Curer and Fifti Curers repacking fuch Herrings, Pilchards or Salmon, lhall, over and above the Lofs of all Credit for the Salt or Rock Salt ufed or employed in the repacking thereof, and Perfon and Perfons fo offending as aforefaid, or in whofe Pofleffion fuch Fiih is or lhall be found as aforefaid, lhall refpe&ivcly forfeit and lofe for every fuch Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXIL Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for any Fifti Curer who lhall have repacked any White Herrings or Pilchards for Exportation to any fuch Place or Places as aforefaid, the Calks whereof-are branded refpe&ively a aforefaid, but which cannot be exported to the Places refpe&ivdy for which fuch Herrings or Pilchards were repacked and branded refpe&ively as aforefaid, by reafon of a Failure of the Market lor fuen Herrings or Pilchards at fuch Place or • Places, after fuch Herrings or Pilchards were fo^repacked and branded refpe&ively as

aforefaid

C. 57.

A. D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

583

aforefaid to be exported thereto (due Proof of fuch Herrings and Pilchards having been £6 repacked and branded with the exprefB and a&oal Intention of fuch Fi(h Curer at the time fuch Herrings or Pilchards were fo repacked,) to export the fame to fuch Place or Places, and of his or her being unexpectedly and unavoidably prevented from making fuch intended Exportation by reafon of fuch Failure of Market as aforefaid, being made upon the Oath of fuch Fifh Curer, which Oath the CoUe&or and Officers of Excife are hereby empowered to adminifter, or otherwife, to the Satisfa&ion of the Commiffioners of Excife of England or Scotland refpe&ively, (as the cafe may be,) to give the proper Officer Notice thereof in Writing, and with the rermiffion of fuch Commiffioners of Excife refpe&ively as aforefaid, to produce fuch Caiks to the proper Officer of Excife, to efface and obliterate the former Brand Mark of W or B refpe&ively, and to rebrand fuch Calks refpe&ively with the Letter R, and to export fuch Calks of Herrings or Pilchards refpe&ively to any other Place beyond the Seas, without incurring any Penalty for not exporting the fame to the Place or Places for which fuch Calks were originally branded, and without loling the Credit to which he or (he was entitled for the Salt employed in repacking fuch Herrings or Pilchards refpe&ively for Exportation, to the Place or Places for which they were repacked and fo firft branded as aforefaid.

.4 XXIII. And Whereas by an A& made in the Forty firft Year ‘ of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for, amongft. other things, 4 allowing until the Fifteenth Day of OBober One thoufand eight 4 hundred and one, the Ufe of Salt Duty free, in the preferving of 4 Fifh in Bulk or in Barrels; and which A& was by another A&,

4 made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty,

4 revived and continued until the Fifth Day of March One thoufand

*	eight hundred and twenty one, any Perfon or Perfons whatever who 4 lhall catch or take, or purchafe, cure or preferve any Herrings, 4 Pilchards, Mackarel or any Kind or Species of wholefome Filh, ‘ or who lhall fit out any Veffel for fuch Purpofe, is authorifed to 4 take and Ihip on board his or their Veffel, from his or their own 4 Stock of Salt, or from the Stock of Salt of any other Filh Curer

*	of whom fuch Perfon or Perfons lhall purchafe, or with whom 4 he or they lhall contract for Salt, any Quantity of Salt Duty 4 free, that (hall be deemed neceffary for curing or preferving 4 the Filh which may be expe&ed to be taken or purchased in the 4 Trip or Voyage in or upon which he or they lhall intend to 4 immediately dilpatch or employ his or their Veffel, provided that na 4 Perfon lhall be allowed to Ihip or have on board any Veffel at any 4 time, any greater Quantity of Salt than in the Proportion of Ten 4 Bufhels for* every Ton Burthen by Admeafurement of the Veffel, 4 in or on board of which fuch Salt lhall be taken or Ihipped: And 4 Whereas it is expedient to make the faid 'A& perpetual, except 4 fo far as the fame is altered by Provifions and Regulations in 4 refpe& thereofBe it therefore ena&ed, That the faid A& of the Forty firft Year aforefaid lhall be, and . the fame is hereby made perpetual, except fo far as the fame is hereby altered ; and it lhall not be lawful for any fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, to Ihip any Salt Duty free, to be employed for the Purpofes mentioned in the laid A& made in the Forty firft Year aforefaid, until he, lhe or 'they lhall have made fuch Enpry in Writing, as by the faid A & is required

Oath by Fish Curer.

Casks re* branded.

$r<

4* G.j. Sess. r. c. 21. perpetual.

Before Salt is shipped Duty free, Entry to be made, and Bond entered into to perform

C. 57.

S9° GEO. IIL

A.D.18I9. .



Conditions in that behalf,- or until fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall alfo have given * j herein specified. gon(j or Security, to be approved by the Commiflipners of Excife, or the Perfon or Perfons who (hall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpofe, in the Sum. of Five hundred Pounds, that he, (he or they will duly account with the proper Officer or Officers of Excifc, according to the Directions and Regulations of the faid ACt of Parliament and of this A6t, for all the Salt which he, (he or they (hah at any time take, (hip, receive or have on board his, her or their Veflel or Veflels, or have or receive in any Warehoufe or Warehoufes duly entered for that Purpofe during the Continuance of fuch Entry; and that every fuch Bond (hall, during fuch time as la(t aforefaid, continue and (land as a Security for the due Application and Account of all fuch Salt as aforefaid, unlefs the fame is required by the Commif- *' fioners of Excife to be renewed by reafon of the Death or Infolvency of any of the Obligors therein or thereof, or of the Penalty thereof becoming forfeited by the Mifapplication of any fuch Salt, or by fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid not duly accounting for the fame as aforefaid, or any qther Breach of the Condition of fuch Bond, and for the Perfon or Perfons giving fuch Bond, duly and truly obferving, performing and keeping all the Regulations and Directions of the faid ACt and of this ACt, touching or relating, to fuch Perfon or Perfons fo trading as aforefaid, and to fuch Veflel or Veflels as aforefaid ; and if any fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall receive or (hip any Salt as aforefaid, without firfk making fuch Entry as aforefaid, and giving, or, upon Requeit by the proper Officer under the Directions of the Commiflioners of Excife, renewing fuch Bond on any fuch Occafion Penalty aocL as aforefaid, he, (he or they (hall for every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

Masters of	XXIV.	And be fi further enaCted, That whenever any fuch Veflel %

Vessels catch- (hall be about to fail and depart upon any fuch Trip or Voyage as Rsl^ma1^^ a^ore^a^> the proper Officer of Excife who (hall nave taken fuch a Certificate oF Bond as aforefaid, and with whom the fame (hall be depofited, (hall. Bond without on the Requeit of any fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entered as aforefaid,'

Fee; and every deliver, without Fee or Reward, a Certificate of fuch Bond having Quantity of been given as aforefaid by the Perfon or Perfons employing the fame, r	m	an<* of fuch Bond being then in force, and fpecifying therein the

Trip tobe en- Name and Tonnage of fuch Veflel, and to what Port fuch Veflel dorsed on such belongs, and the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners, or Em-Oertificate. ployer or Employers thereof, who have given fuch Bond as aforefaid, and (hall endorfe upon fuch Certificate the Quantity of Salt then on board thereof, Duty free, for fuch Purpofes as aforefaid, for , fuch Trip or Voyage, and the Date of fuch Endorfement; and that before any Mafter, Owner or Employer of any fuch Veflel (hall (hip or receive any further Quantity of Salt on board thereof, (or fuch Purpofes as aforefaid, upon or for fuch Trip or Vovage, from the Stock of any other Fi(h Curer or Fifh Curers, he (hall firft produce and (hew to the proper Officer who furveys the Stock of fuch Fi(h Curer or Filh Curers, or from whofe Stock the fame is to be -removed, fuch Certificate of Bond as aforefaid; and fuch Officer (hall thereupon endorfe the Quantity of Salt then intended to be removed and (hipped from the Stock of fuch Fi(h Curer or Fifli Curers on board oi fuch Veflel, together with the Date of fuch Shipment; and (hall forthwith, at the Expence of fuch Mafter or Owner, tnnfinit by Poft a Copy of fuch Certificate with fuch Endorfement, and all

other

5fr> GEO. IIL

C. 57.

885

A.D.1810.

Other Endorfements thereon, to the Officer taking fuch Bond, and giving fuch Certificate as aforefaid; and the MaAer of every fuch Veflin fhaH, at the time of making, on the Completion of fuch Trip or Voyage, fuch Entry in Writing with the Officer of Excife of his cured Fifh as is required by the faid Aft, deliver to fuch Officer fuch Certificate, with every, fuch Endorsement thereon, made as .aforefaid, for every feparate Quantity of Salt had or received oh fcoazti of any fuch Veffd for or upon every fuch Trip or Voyage, And /hall account for the whole of fuch Salt, and for all the Fifh, cured therewith, or upon or during fuch Trip or Voyage as directed by the faid Ad or by this Ad, and fhall, on fuch Officer taking an . Account thereof as aforefaid, land and depofit all the Salt remaining on board of fuch Ship or Veifel, unufed in the Warehouse or Ware-hotxfes entered for that Pufpofe, of fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, or fhall at the Option of fuch Perfon or Perfons keep and take the fame on board of fuch Veffel for curing or preferring Fifh on the next fucceeding Trip or Voyage thereof, as direfted by the faid Ad : Provided always, that the Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers, fromwhofe Stock any fuen Salt fhall be fo (hipped as aforefaid, fhall be wholly difeharged from all further Account or Refponfibility for • fuch Salt, and Credit fhall be given to him, her of them by the. proper Officer for the fame,' as for Salt transferred to another Fifh Curer; and if any fuch MaAer, Owner or Employer of any fuch Veflel fhall depart or fail upon any fuch Trip or Voyage as aforefaid, without fuch Certificate as aforefaid, or fhall receive or fhip any Salt on board thereof, from his, her or their own Stock, or from the Stock of any other Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, without firft producing fuch Certificate as aforefaid, and without fuch Certificate •being fo endorfed as aforefaid, he, fhe or they fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

4 XXV. And Whereas the-Credit or Allowance granted by the 1 faid Aft, made in the Forty firA Year aforefaid, for Salt nfed in ( the fairing, curing or preferring Fifh, under the Directions or * Authority of the faid Aft, other than Herrings,- Pilchards or 4 Mackarel, is Twenty two Pounds Weight of Salt; And Whereas 1 it is expedient to increafe the faid Allowance ;* Be it therefore enafted. That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, there fhall be allowed for every One hundred Weight of all good and wholefome Fifh, falted,, cured, preferred and produced, as required by the faid Aft, other than Herrings, Pilchards or Mackarel, a Credit or Allowance not exceeding Thirty Pounds of Salt, for every One hundred Weight of fuch other Fifh fo cured, preferred and produced as aforefaid: Provided always, neverthelefs, that nothing hereinbefore contained, fhall extend, or be deemed or conArued to extend to Cod Fifh, dry falted in Bulk, or to anthorife the making or giving of any Credit or Allowance for Salt ufed in the fairing, curing or preferring any fuch other Fifh, beyond the Quantity or Salt aftually and hond fide employed and fpent in the curing and preferring thereof as aforefaid ; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywife notwithAandmg.

XXVI. And be it further enafted, That ail aaf every Fifh Curer and Fifh Curers, to whom any White 8&lt fhaffi, under the Rules, Regulations, ReAriftions and Prorifions of the (aid Afts of the Tterty eighth and Fifty feventh Years of Hisprefcnt Majefty’s Reign, 59 Gso. III.	C	c	be

Master of Ship at Conclusion of Voyage, to deliver to Officer Certificate, &c.

Departing with-out Certificate, &c. Penalty accl.

41 O..V

C. 21. § IX

Allowance of 22 tba. per Cwt, for certain cured Fish under 4t G. 3. c. 21. extended to 30 lbs. Proviso as to Cod Fish dry salted in Bulk, Ac.

Allowance of Duty free ffirit for eertam wet salted Bream, Conger and

59* GEO. III.

A4>.

Polock, as under former Acts.

Officers seising Salt or Fish to state the Cause of Forfeiture, on request of the real Owner of the Salt or Fish, and forthwith report Seisure to the Commissioners.

Such Statement not to affect the Legality of Mauve.

55 G. y c. 66.

5 r-

Ute time mentioned in such

C.57.

be delivered Duty free, for the puipofe of ejumg and tpst^ervaif Fife, ftiaU.be allowed A Credit sot -exceeding Fifty fix Pouoda Weight of fuch Sah for every Barrel of Thirty .two Gallons of Fijk coifed Bream, Conger pr Polock, wet failed and perfectly cured, audio fe proportion for any greater or lefs Quantity > fuch Credit to be allowed under the fame Rules, Regulations, Reftri&ions and Paovtfippfe Fjm* Penalties and Forfeitures, which by the faid Afob or bf any other Ad or Ads of Parliament in Force at the time <of paffiog this A3t are contained, provided, .fettled pr <eftab)li(Ued, for pr ip ijefped of allowing Salt Duty free, far the. purpofe of curing and preferring j*ilh therein mentioned, or for pr in refped of allQwpPg Fiih Curtp .Credit for Salt delivered to them , for .that Purppie.

XXVII. And be it further enpded. That when any Officer or Officers of Exrife ftiaU feize any Salt or Rock Salt* pr any Fife, m forfeited or liable to be feized Under or by virtue -cff thk.Ad or apy Other Ad or Ads of Parliament ip fotce.m that behalf, feoh .Officer or Officers refpedively .(hall, upon requeft in Writing being firft made by the real Owner or Owners of fuch Spit, Rock Salt pr jFith refpedively, or his or their Foreman or Manager, and figppd by,bi» or them, deliver to fuch Owner or Qwiwvt, Foreman rftr Manage requeuing the fame .as aforefeid, or at his or their ‘p&ud .Place of Refidence ; or -if he, (he or they bp a Trader or Trader imd** the Survey of the Officers -of Exmle, at his, her or their onsesod Pre-mifes within Twenty four Hours after fuch Requeft -made, a Statement in Writing of the Caufe pr Caufes for which Fuch Officer or Officers (hall conceive fuoh Salt, Rock Salt or Fi(h refpedively to be forfeited and liable to be feized; ontbevery fuch Officer and Offices (hall forthwith report fuch Seizure, with the Ctrcumftances attending .the fame, to the Commiffipnpm .of Excife: Provided always, that no written Statement, by any fuch Officer or Officers as. laft afore-hid, {hall in any way prejudice or affed, or be deemed or taken to prejudice or affed, the Legality of fuch Seisure, or to .prejudice or affed any Bill, Plaint or Information which (hall or,may be profit-cutecb filed or exhibited, either for the Condemnation of any fuch Salt or Rock Salt or Fi(h, or for any Penalties incurred in refped of or with regard to the feme, or any or either.of them, or to prejudice or affed any A-dion which may or (hall be commenced againft the Officer or Officers who (hall have feized fuch Salt or Rock Salt or Fifh, or for or with refped to any fuch Seizure.

‘ XXVIII, And Whereas the Bond or Security given-by Makers 4 of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxyfnpriate of Lime, for or 4 on the Receipt of Salt or Rock Salt Duty free for that Burpofe,

4 is by an Ad made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reigp of His 4 prefent Majefty, for allowing Makers of Oxygenated Muriatfe Add 4 to take Salt Duty free for making fuch Acid pr Oxymuriate 4 of Lime, for bleaching Linen and Cotton required tp be made, 4 with Condition that aH fuch Salt or Rock Salt (hall, within Six 4 Months next enfuing the Date of fuch Bond, be really and truly 4 employed, fpent and confumed by fuch Maker or Makers, at his 4 or their Work or Works therein fpecified, in the making of Qxy-4 genated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate pf Liip*: And'Where**

4 fuch Period of Six Months is found too fhoet .fee fuph ;Purpofts 4 as aforefaid ;* k therefore eua&ed, That m.Kauiof Months, every fuch Bond (hail he^mide with Condition that the.Salt or Rock.

io*	Salt

k

a$. im.

C. 57.

387

fiaJt meotfoied ,'m j^yAich Bond, ihdl,,within Twelve Month? next Bonds extended eofuiqg the Dpt£ qf juch (Bond, he really and truly employed, to TweW©

(pent and confuted by fuch Maker or Makers an aforefaid, .givii^g Mpnths* or entering intpfodb Bqnd, at his pr their Work or Works therein fpeetfiod, >is the making of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxy-jnuriate of Lime* for the fqle Purpofe of bleaching the fev^r^I Goods fdpefoedyfqr jvhjqh the.jame pre now,by Law Slowed-4 XXIX. And Whereas by the faid Aft, made in the Fifty fifth 55-®~3*

4 Year darefciid, k is epafted, that.no Maker or ^lakers of Oxy- 5 *• repealed.

4 gtnated Muriatic .Acid or Oxymunate of Lime, (hall obtain,

4 receive pr have any Salt Duty free /for that Purpofe, in any lefs 4 Quantity (than Fifty Buihelq, or be at liberty to mix with Vitriolic 4 Acid, Manganefe and W^tqr, pr any or either of them, any 4 one time, any lofs Quantity than Two Bufhels of Salt: And 4 Whereas it is inconvenient to many fuch Makers as aforefaid, to 4 .receive for the Purpofes aforefaid, fo large a Quantity of Salt at 4 one'time as Fifty Bufhels of Salt, or to mix, as aforefaid, fo large 4 a Quantity as Two Bulhels at one time Be it therefore enafted.

That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight Makers of hundred and nineteen, fo much of the Lid Aft as is hereinbefore Oxygenated recited, (hall be, apd the fame is hereby repealed ; and that from orJS!muriate thenceforth it (hall and may be lawful for any fuch Maker or Makers cf Lime, to be as aforefaid, to obtain, receive and have Salt or Rock Salt Duty at liberty to mix foe for the Purpofep aforefaid*- in any Quantity not being lefs than any Quantity Twenty Bufhels at one time, under the feveral Regulations npw "ot	*°

by Law eftabliihed, and to mix .with Vitriolic Acid and	OI.UR^°Salt at

cr with Vitriolic Acid, Manganefe and Water, under the feveral Re- one filiations juid Reftriftiops contained in the faid Aft, at any one time, any Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt fpecified in- his, her or tneir Notice to be thereof given, as required by the faid Aft, fo as fuch . Quantity is notiefs than Twenty eight Poundsof Salt or Rock Salt refpeftively; flod that itbe proper.Officer (hall thereupon grant his Certificate of fuch.mixing,in the manner required by the faid Aft.

4 XXX. And Whereas Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or 4 Qxymuriate of Lime, from Salt or Rock Sajt, are by Law allowed 4 .to receive Salt and Rpck Salt Duty free for {hat Purpofe: (n) And -4 Whereas after fuch Salt or Rock $alt has been fo made ufe of, the 4 Refiduum has, byfuqh Makers as aforefaid, been employed in making,

4 or fold and difpqfed of to be employed in making Mineral Alkali 4 called Soda, which .Praftice is injurious to .the Produftion of and 4 Trade in Kelp, and the Duties granted and impofed by Law on 4 Barilla;* Beit therefore enafted. That from and after the Fifth Day Makers of of Jdy One thoufand eight .hundred aqd qineteen, no fuch-Maker or Oxygenated JdakezB as aforefaid, or any Perfpn pr perfoqs whatfoever, (hall fell, Muriat^ Acid transfer or .deliver jover, pr caufe, permit cur fuffer to be.fold, transferred or .dobwed over, any, of the Refiduum, Refpfe or .Remains of Salt employing it in or Rook Salt, or other Material or Materials, which have been ufedor making Mineral employed in making or. extrafting Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxy- Alkali, to make muriate of Lime, upon pain of forfeiting for apy fuch Offence the Entry, anti pay hum of One hundred Pounds ; or (hall ufe or employ any fuch Re- p^aJty xoo. fidqum, Refpfe or Remains as aforefaid in the making or manufafture of -Mineral Alkali or Sp4a i/or hfe, her «r their own Ufe, unlefs

Set5J-C. &.C.66,	§i. 56 <J. 3. f.. 94. £ i.

C e 2	'	he.

C. 57.

59° GEO. lit

A.D. 1819

P&nacftle, &C. mar be mixed and used with Manure* with-

he, (he or they (hall have firft made a proper and legal Entry at the proper Office of Excife as a Mineral Alkali Maker, and (hall psre to the proper Colle&or of Excife and be duly licenfed, the Duty which is granted and impofed upon and in refoe& of Mineral Alkali called Soda, for and upon all iuch Mineral Alkali or Soda as (hall be by him, her or them made therefrom, for his, her or their own Ufe, Beneltv xoei. uP°n pain of forfeiting for each and every Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful for any Salt Maker or Salt Makers, from time to time, upon giving Twenty four Hours’ Notice in Writing to the proper Officer Joann wa<M. Excife, to mix, in the Prefence of fuch Officer, for his, her and c^Fsym^of	or	Panfcratch, and other coarfe and impure (aline

Duty,	Subftances, Articles and Ingredients, not being Rock Salt, or White

or Common Salt fit for human Confumption, with Soot or Afhes, in the Proportion of not lefs than One Fourth of fuch Soot or A(hes, without Payment of any Duty for the fame, and for any FHh Curer or Fi(h Curers to mix his and their foul or impure Salt or Rock Salt, which has been more than once ufed upon or applied Using ««wtf far In, and is no longer ufeful for the Cure of Fiih; and that it he, any ether Pur- (he or they, or any other Perfon or Perfons into whofe Cuftody P068*	or Poffeffion, or under whole Directions any fuch faline Subftances,

fo delivered as aforefaid, or any fuch Soot or A(hes fo mixed (hall come, (hall ufe or employ, or caufe 6r fuffer to be ufed or employed, the fame or any Part thereof, or any Ingredient thereof, for any other Purpofe tnan manuring Land, the fame (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife, and the Perfon and Perfons fo offending (hall for each and every fuch Penalty iool. Offence feverally forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to affe& or leffen the Account and Accounts required by Law to be rendered by every Fifh Curer, Refiner and Refiners of Salt or Rock Salt refpeCtively, under and by virtue of his, her or their Bond and Bonds, on the Receipt of Rock Salt.

5 G. i. c.xS. 4 XXXII. And Whereas by an A& made in the Fifth Year of S if*	* the Reign of His Maiefty King George the Firft, for recovering

the Credit of the BM/b Fiffiery in Foreign Parts, and better fecur-ing the Duties on Salt, it is ena&ed, that every Perfon who fhaH carry or convey, or caufe any Brine to be carried or conveyed from the Pits (other than fuch Perfon or Perfons who are known Proprietors of Pans for boiling the fame into White Salt), dull forfeit and lofe the Sum of Forty Shillings for eveiy Gallon of Brine fo carried and conveyed, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefs Quantity: And Whereas after the boiling of Brine, and making therefrom the Salt called White or Common Sait, the Refiduum called Bittern or Mother Ley, or Liquor containing other Materials than thofe which confthute or will make White or Common Salt, and fuch Bittern or Mother Ley or Liquor is ufeful in other Manufa&ures not fubjeft or liable to Excife Duties j* Be Certain Bittern it therefore ena&ed, That no Perfon (hall incur or lofe the aforefaid tajriccn or gijy other Penalty by reafon of taking, removing, carrying or ^^tpEndhw ctoveying awaT fr°m *ny Salt Work any Bittern or Mother Ley or or Forfeiture. Liquor, provided that ftich Bittern or Mother Ley or Liquor (Kali not contain, in folutjon or otherwife, any White or Common Salt,

or

AJX1819.

59° GEO. ILL

C.57.

889

or Material or Materials with or from which any White or Common Salt may or can be boiled or made; any thine in the hereinbefore in part recited, or any other Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

* XXXIII. And Whereas it it expedient that greater Facility 4 (hould be afforded to the fufficient and eafy Supply of Rock Salt,

*	for the purpofe of more extenlively proving, whether the fame can

*	be beneficially employed in feeding or mixing with the Food 6f ' Sheep and Cattle, of fteeping Seed or preferving Hay, or for ma-

*	miring Land ;* Be it therefore enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons not being a Refiner of Salt or Rock Salt, or conneded with or interefted therein, at Liverpool, GloucejUr, Plymouth, London, Norwich, Hull and Newcqfile upon Tyne, or other Places, with the Approbation of the Commiffioners of Excife in England, and at Leith and Glafgoto or other Places, with the like Approbation of the Coromiffiooers of Excife in Scotland, to provide or cred and make ufe of a Warehouse or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, for the purpofe of receiving from any Rock Salt Pit or Mine, or any Warehouse belonging thereto, and laying, ftoring or keeping therein Rock Salt, delivered under and by virtue of a certain Ad, made in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His piefent Majefty, for repealing the Duty upon Rock Salt delivered for feeding or mixing with the Food of Cattle, and impofing another Duty and making other Provifions in lieu thereof, and to receive from any Owner or Proprietor of any Rock Salt Pit or Rock Salt Mine, or any Warehoufe belonging thereto, under the Provifions of tbe lift recited Ad, any coarfe and impure Rock Salt for the Purposes aforefaid, and lay, depofit and keep fuch Rock Salt therein, and from time to time to fell and deliver the fame or any Part thereof, being in no Cafe lets than One Ton, if any Part thereof be unground at any one time, of fuch Rock Salt from any fuch Warehoufe, for the Furpofes aforefrnd, to any Perfon who (hall be authorifed to receive the tame, by fuch Certificate to be firft granted to fuch Perfon by the proper Officer of Excife neareft to his or her Refidence, as from time to time (hall be direded by the Commiffioners of Excife, fpe-rifying the Quantity of fuch Rock Salt which fuch Perfon is authorised to receive, and the Place where and Ufes to which the Dune is to be applied according to the faid Ad, and (hall produce fuch Certificate to the Officer of Excife, who (hall grant the Permit for the Removal of fuch Rock Salt to fuch Perfon from any fuch Warehoufe or Storehouse : Provided always, that every fuch Warehoufe or Warehouses, StorehouSe or Storehoufes, (hall be fubftantially and Securely built or conftruded, and that no Such Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, (hall be made ufe of for the laying, ftoring or keeping fat one and the fame time) of any other Kind of Salt or Rock Salt, except Rock Salt delivered for tne Purpofes aforefaid, nor (hall be ufed for the purpofe laft aforefaid, until Entry in Writing of fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, (haB have been firft made at the next Office of Excife by the true and adual Occupier or Occupiers thereof, nor until fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, (hall haye been firft approyed of in Writing by and under the Hand of the Supervisor at Excife of the Diftrid in whioh fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe

Cc S

may be established at certain Places for lodging and keeping Rock Salt for agricultural Pur-.

Not lam than

One Ton to be sold at a time, on Production of Car-' tificate from Officer ot Excise, who is to grant Permit for RamcfraL

Regulations for building, &c.

or

$9° GEO; in.

A.D: 1^19.

or Storehoufes, (hall be fituate, nor utlttf ftich Occupier or Occuptar# of ftidh Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, fhaH have given and entered into a Bond or Obligation to His Majefty in the Penalty of a Sum equal to the Amount of the Home Confumptioa Duties on Salt made in England, for all the Rock Salt to be next received mtd any fuch .Warehoufe or Storehouses as aforefaid, and Of Fifty jfer Centum thereon, with deficient Sureties to the Satis-faftibri of the Comtttiffiohers of Excife refpeftively, or fuch Perfon 2tcf they (hall’ dlreft to’ receive the fame, that all fuen Rock Salt (hall, dA the'Firft Day of Juke next Succeeding, be duly accounted for by Kith or them, as direfted by the faid Aft, and (hall be fold and delivered' m manner tieforemeritioned for the Purpofes aforefaid only, atod* that on the Delivery of aiiy Part of (uch Rock Salt, the fantd (hall be accompanied With hich Permit as is required by the fzfid Aft, made in the Fifty eighth Year aforefaid^ ana to fuch PeT-fons' bnly as are authorifed by fuch Certificate as aforefaid, to receive the fame, and Who (hall produce and deliver to the Officer making out and granting the Permit for the’ Removal thereof, fuch Certificate as aforefaid, and m fuch Quantity only aft (hall be expreflW in fuch Certificate, being m no Cafe lefs than One Ton of fuch Rock Salt, if any Part thereof be unground, at ahy one time; and provided that fuch Perfbn or Perfons fo making Entry as aforefaid, (hall fiot refceive or depofit any fuch Rock Salt m any fuch Warehoufe, Without giving Twenty four Hours* previous Notice thereof in Writing to the proper Officer of Excife of the Divifion or Ride in which fuch Warehoufe (hall be fituate, and delivering to him the Permit accompanying the fame, anrf (hall in all refpefts'be fubjeft to the like Paine, Penalties and Forfeitures as in* this or any Other Aft or Afts, not herein exprefsly altered, is or are contained and’ direfted, for and m refpeft of PerionS receiving Rock Salt for the Purpofe6 aforefaid; and if any fuch Rock Salt delivered for any of the Purpofes aforefaid, to be hud, feored or kept in' any fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe 6f Storehouses as aforefaid, (hall be lbdged and depofited for Sale as aforefaid at any of the Places aforefaid, in any fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehouses, otherwife than as aforefaid, or of which Warehoufe or Storehoufe fuch Entry (hall not have been previously made as aforefaid, or which (hall not have been previoufly approved of in Writing by and under the Hand of the Supervifor of Excife of the Diftrift in which the fame (hall be fituate as aforefaid, and not afterwards difapproved of by fuch Supervifof or the Commiffioners of Excife, or without the Occupier or Occupiers thereof having firft given fuch Bond as aforefaid, and Notice, and delivered fuch Permit as aforefaid 5 or if fuch entered Occupier or Occupiers of any fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, or any other Perfon or Perfons, (hall fell, exchange, transfer, deliver, confume or employ any Part of fuch Rock Salt Sent to be lodged in any fuch Warehoufe or Warehoufes, Storehoufe or Storehoufes, or lodged or depofited therein for fuch Purpofes as aforefaid, for or in any other or different Purpofe or Manner than as aforefaid, or (hall not duly and truly account for the fame as aforefaid, all fuch Rock Salt then lodged in any fuch Warehoufe or Storehoufe as aforefaid (hall be forfeited, atad (haff and may be Seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife;

and

AUE).

id* GEO, m.

C»57i

mi the Pttfo* or Petfoto* fo offending therein Audi far every fach Offence, over mi above the Penalty of his and their Bond, favevally forfeit and ioJe the Sum of Five honored Pounds*

* XXX UV. And Whereas by the faid A A, made in the Fifty

*	eighth Year afarefeid, it h provided, that no fach Rock SaAt fhall

♦	be delivered far the Pnrpofet afbrefaid, except m Lumps of Twenty r Pounds each, and it is expedient to alter fuch Regulation f Be it therefore ena&ad, That from and after the Fifth Day of Jufy One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, k (hall and may be lawful far any Perfon or Perfen* who has or bate made Entry and given fuch Bond as afbrefaid, to deliver from any fach Warehoufe at afbrefaid, far the Purpofes in the laid A A mentioned, to any Perfon or Ferfooe aufthorifed by fadh Certificate as afbrefaid to reeeive the feme, fuch Rock Sak in Lumps, not being of kfs Weight than Tea Pounds; and that m all Cafes wheat fuch Certificate (hall exprefs that any Quantity of fach Rock Salt dull be delivered and received, crufhed os powdered, k fhall be lawfaT for any fach Perfon or Perfons fo making Entry and giving Bond as afbrefaid, to deliver the feme from any fuch Warehoufe as afotefaid crufhed and powdered y provided that fach crufhed and powdered Rock Salt (hall, before the Delivery thereof from any fach Warehoufe, be mixed throughout with Coal To* in the- Proportion of not lefs than Half a Pound of Coal Tar far every Bufhel of fach crufhed and powdered Rock Salt; any thing in this or .the faid A6b contained to the contrary notwithstanding-

XXXV. And lie k further ena&ad. That when any fach Rock Sak flail be drireeved foom any Rock Salt Pit or Mine, or any Warehoufe belonging' thereto, for tie pmrpofe of being employed in feeding or mixing with the Food of Shpep and Cattle, of fbeeping deed or preferring Hay, or far manuring Land, and fhall be carried or couoerytd in or on board of any Ship or Veflel, from one Port or Place in Great Brink* to any or either of the Ports or Places whore the feme is permitted to be warehoused under the Regula* tious and Conditions of this A&, and for the purpofe of being fa warehoused as afarefeid, and fhall arrive at the Port or Place where the Warehoufe or Storehoufe of the Perfon or Perfons to whom the feme fhall. he- fent and permitted fhall be fituated, k fhall and may be lawful to and for fach Perfbm or Perfons to fell and deliver any Pant of fach Rode Salt, being in no Cafe lefs than one Ton, to any Perfon or Perfons who feaU be authorifed to receive the fame by fuch Certificate as afarefeid, fieft granted to fach Perfon or Per-fan dhe&ly feooa the faid Ship or Veflel in which the feme fhall have fa beenretnuvtd, without ford landing orwarehoufiog the feme: Pro* tided always, that the Permit or Permits accompanying the whole of fach Rock Salt fhall be firff duly delivered to the proper Officer of Excife in that behalf, and that the Maker or Commander of the fud Skip or Veffrd fhall firft make oath, as by Law is required on ike Removal of Duty fine Salt, and that all fuch Rock Salt (as well fach Part thereof as fhall be intended to be taken into the entered Warehoufe or Storehoufe of the Perfon or Perfons to whom the feme fhall be fo permitted, as fach Part as fhall be intended to be fold or delivered from fach Ship or Veflel to fach other Perfon or Perfons us afarefeid) fhall be firft duly weighed on board the faid Ship or Veflel, by or in the Prefence of the proper Officer or Officers of Excife in that behalf: And provided aUb, that the whole of fach

C c 4	Rock

8W

Penalty 500I.

58 G.y.«. 77.

S*.

Rock Salt is Lumps of xo lbs. &c. may be delivered to Persons authorised by Certificate.

Such Rock Salt, not less than a Ton, may, on Removal to any such Warehouse, bedell, versd toPw-chnosmcKreetly from tfca Strip, without being warehoused.

Permit to be de&veced to Officer;

and Quantity

expressed

C. £7.

S9° GEO. III.

therein to been-

tered ts Stock.

Officers ot Excise to here liberty to enter and survey such Warehouses, and Supervisors to weigh the Stock of Rock Salt.

Obstructing Officer, or not supplying him with Weights apd Scale* ffic.

Eenalty-aocl.

Commissioners of Excise may, on Application of Fish Curer* direct their Stock of Salt not to be weighed, and the Quantity which shall appeal u» |*r

A4>. 1819.

Rock Salt mentioned and expreffed in fuck Permit or Permits, and fo removed in foch Ship or Veffel, (hall be duly entered as Part of the Stock, and deemed and taken to be received by the Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be fo permitted into his, her or their Cuftody and Poffeflion ; and that every Quantity of fuch Rock Salt as (hall be fo fold and delivered as aforefaid to any other Perfon or Perfons, (hall be accounted for, and (hall be accompanied with fuch Permit as is required by Law, on Removal of fuch Rock Salt from any fuch Warehoufe, and that fuch Entries (hall be made in refpe& thereof as are by Law directed and required to be made, in cafe the whole of fuch Rock Salt expreffed and mentioned in the Permit or Permits accompanying the fame had been a&ually landed and received into the entered Warehoufe or Storehoufe of the Perfon or Perfons to whom it was firft fent and permitted, and the Rock Salt fold and delivered as aforefaid had been afterwards received from him, her or them, and from his, her or their Stock of Rock Salt in fuch Ware, houfe, by the faid other Perfon or Perfons to whom the fame (hall be fo fold or. delivered.

XXXVI.	And be it further enadfced. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excife, upon his or their Requeft, at any time or times, to enter into and furvey every fuch Warehoufe as aforefaid, and the Rock Salt therein ; and for any Su-pervifor or other Officer or Officers of Excife, of equal or fuperior Rank to a Supervifor, on any fuch Survey to weigh the Rock Salt therein $ and if any Owner or Proprietor of any fuen Warehoufe, or other Perfon or Perfons, (hall negle& or refuie, upon fuch Requeft as aforefaid, to open and unlock fuch Warehoufe, and permit luch Officer or Officers to enter and furvey the fame and the Rock Salt therein, or (hall prevent, hinder or obftruft fuch Officer or Officers from fo doing, or any Supervifor or other Officer or Officers of Excife of fuch Rank as aforefaid, from weighing all the Rock Salt therein, or (hall hide or conceal any fuch Rock Salt, or negle& or refufe, upon the Demand of fuch Supervifor or other Officer or Officers, to furaifh him or them with true and lawful Scales and Weights fufficient for the weighing of fuch Rock Salt, or to give him or them all needful and neceffary Aid and Affiftance in the weighing thereof, or (hall ufe or caufe, permit or fuffer to be ufed, any Art, Means or Contrivance by which fuch Supervifor or other Officer or Officers, (hall or may be prevented, obftru&ed or hindered from taking a true and accurate Account of the Weight and Quantity of fuch Rock Salt, all fuch Rock Salt and fuch Scales and Weights (hall be forfeited* and (hall and may be Seized by any Officer or Officers of Excife; and every Perfon fo offending fhsul for every fuch Offence Severally forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That upon any Application being made to the Commiffioners pf Excife for Scotland or England refpe&ively, by any Fi(h Curer or Fi(h Curers, praying that his, her or their Stock of Salt or Rock Salt, received by him, her or them Duty free for curing Fi(h, (hall not be weighed by the Officer or Officers of Excife, in purfuance of the Powers and Regulations m that behalf, it (hall be lawful for fuch Commiffioners refpedively, if they (hall fee fit, and upon fuch Conditions as they (hall think proper to impofe9 to order any fuck Stock of Salt or Rock Salt not to he

weighed,

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

893

C.57.

weighed, and for the Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt refpedively, the Books to which (hall appear by the Book or Books of the Surveying Officer be transferred to of fuch Stock to have been received by fuch Fi(h Curer or Fifh next Tear's Curers, and to be then in bis, her or their Stock, to be transferred AocouIlt: to the next fucceeding Year’s Account as if weighed, and thereby afeertatned by fuch Officer, and for Affidavit to be made of- fuch Quantity by luch Fifh Curer or Fi(h Curers, and Bond to be given for fuch Quantity for fuch fucceeding Year’s Account, in all reipefts as if fuch Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt refpedively had been ascertained by having been a&ually weighed by the proper Officer or Officers in that behalf: Provided always, tnat no fuen Applica- But in no Case tion {hall be granted, or Order made as aforefaid, in any Cafe in which where Salt is any of the Salt or Rock Salt received Duty free by any fuch Fi(h deliveredjioim Curer or Fifh Curers fhall have been delivered or transferred by him, [h^tockdfany her or them to, or received by him, her or them from the Stock of	J

any other Fifh Curer or Fifh Curers, or fhall have been employed in Carer, &c. the curing or preferving of any Fifh, or the Bulk of which Salt or Rock Salt received in the Year in or in refped of which any fuch Application is made, and fuch Stock of Salt or Rock Salt is or ought to be weighed, fhall have been in any refped broken; any thing in this, or in any other Ad or Ads of Parliament, to the coutrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That all and every the Power* of Powers, Diredions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters iaC.a. c. u. and Things which in and by an Ad, made in the Twelfth Year of “d other Act* the Reign of King Charles the Second,. for taking away the Court

of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Cafite9 and by Knights Ser- to ^ vice and Purveyance, and for fettling a Revenue upon His Maiefty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in force relating to His Ma-jefty's Revenue of Excife, are provided and eftablifhed, fhall be prac-tifed, ufed and put in execution, in and for the Purpofes of this Ad, as fully and effedualjj to all Intents and Purpofes as if all and every the (aid Powers, Rules, Diredions, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Claufes, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in this prefent Ad.

XXXIX.	And be it further enaded, That all Fines, Penalties Penalties how and Forfeitures impofed by this Ad, fhall be fued for, recovered, to be recovered, levied or mitigated, by fuch Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine,

Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejhnin-JUry or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpedively ; and that (fave and except in fuch Cafe or Cafes where it is otherwife ex-prefsly direded by this Ad) One Moiety of every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture fhall be to His Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety to him or them who fhall difeover, inform or fue for the fame.

XL. And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be altered. Act altered, &c. amended or repealed, by any Ad or Ads to be paffed in this Seffion this Session, of Parliament.

CAP.

39° GEO. IK.

AiiD« 1919*

394	C.	58.

CAP. LVI2L

An Aft for facilitating the Recovery of the Wager of Seamen in the Merchant Service.	[ad	July	1819.]

‘ XT 7 HE RE AS the Seamen and Manners employed in the Mcr-

*	W chant Service, and in the Coaftiag Trade of thi« Kingdom,

4 are exuofed to great Difficulties, Expellee and Inconvenience in c filing tor or obtaining Payment of their Wages* in Cafes bf Dilute 4 with the Mailers or Owness of Veffels iat which they may have

*	ferved $ and it is expedient that greater Facility Aiould be given

*	for Recovery of fuck Wages May it therefore pfcafe Yonr Majefty that it may be ena&ed ; and be k enafted by The King's Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pretent Parliament

Justices am- affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after powered, on the Firft Day of Jtugufi hi the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight Complaint of hundred and nineteen, it (hall be lawful for any Seaman, Mariner or lraruid settle other Perfon (except Mailers or Apprentices), who (hall have ferved Disputes about ofi board any Ship or Veflel trading from any Port or Place, or Ports Wages not ex- or Places in that Part of die United Kingdom called England* to ceading 20L Ports beyond the Seas, or to any other Port or Place in Great Britain, by virtue Or in pnrfuaace of any Contract or Engagement, in Writing or not in Writing, and whether the fttne be by Parol, or by Deed under Seat, or otherwite, h cate the Made# olr Commander, or other Perfon having or taking the Charge of any fuch Ship or Veflel, after the Expiration of Two Days from the time of Entry of fuch Ship or Veifel at the Cuftdtn Houfe, or from the Delivery of her Cargo, or from the time when fuch Seaman or Mariner, or other Perfon (except as afeuefaid), (hall be difoharged, which (had firft happen (unlds an Agreement {hall have been made and entered into to the contrary, and in that Cate, after the Expiration of the time fo ftipu-lated or agreed for the Payment of fuch Wages aS aforefaid), negfeft or refute to pay to any fuch Seaman, Mariner Cft ether Perfon (except as aforefaid), his or their Wages, or any Part thereof, to complain to any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace reuding in br near to the Place where fuch Ship or Veflel fhall have ended her Voyage, or been cleared at the Coftom Houte, of delivered her Cargo* or to any Juf-tice or juftices of the Peace reliding in or near to the Place where fuch Mafter or Commander, or other Perfon having or taking the Charge of any fuch Ship or Veflel, or (in cafe of there being no Mafter or Commander, or other Perfon in charge of any fuch Ship or Veflel) where any Qwtoer or Owners thereof (hall then happen to be, and thereupon it (hall be lawful for any fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace refpe&ively, and they are hereby required, upon fuch Complaint made to them upon Oatn or Affirmation, to iftue a Summons to fuch Mafter or Commander, or other Perfon having or taking the Charge of any fuch Ship or Veflel, or (in cate of there being no Mafter or Commander or other Perfon in charge of any fuch Ship or Veflel) to fuch Owner or Owners thereof, to appear before them may examine ' at fuch Time and Place to be in fuch Summons fpecified ; and upon Sntm“> *e* the Party or Parties appearing in purfuance of fuch Summons, or not upon Oatn.	appearing after having been fo fummoned, the faid Juftice or Juftices

(had, mid they are hereby empowered to examine upon Oath fuch

Seaman,

AJD.1&19;

59* GEO. Ill,

G.68*

$95

Sedrnari, Marine* of other Perfon (except as aforefaid), or any athe*

Witaefu of Witneffesi touching any fuch Complaint, or any Difference of Difpute refpe&kig fuch Wages, and to make fuch Order for Payment of fo much Wages to fuch Seaman, Mariner or other Perfon aa aforefaid, as to fuch Juftice or Juftices (hall feCm reafonable and juft $ provided that the Sum in queftion do not exceed Twenty Pounds fo claimed to be due to any One Seaman, Mariner or other Perfon at aforefaid ; and in cafe of Refufal to pay,- Or Non Payment of any Sum On ItsAual to or Sums of Money fo ordered, by the Space of Two Days next after comply with fuch Order and Determination, luch Juftice or Juftices mail and may	Dewt-

Hfhe forth their Warrant to levy the fame by Diftrefs and Sale of the Wage^to be ^ Goods and Chattels of fuch Mafter or Commander or other Perfon refcfotend. having of taking the Charge or Command of any fuch Ship or Veffel, or fin cafe of there being no Mafter or Commander, or other Perfon m charge of any fuch Ship or Veffel) of any fuch Owner or Owners as aforefaid, rendering the Overplus (if any there be), after deducting aft the Cofts, Charges and Expences of any Summonfes, Informations,

Complaints, Hearings, Warrants, and of luch Diftrefs, and the keeping, Appraifement or Sale thereof, or othCrWife relating thereto, unto the Perfon or Perfons whofe Goods and Chattels fhall be ft) diftrained and fold; and in cafe fuflicient Diftrefs fhall not be found for Payment and Satisfaction of the Amount of Wages fo ordered to be paid by fuch Juftice or Juftices, and the fame, with fuch Cofts,

Charges and Expences as aforefaid, fhall Sot be paid within the faid Period of Two Days, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to levy the Amount of the Wages fo ordered to be paid, together wkh fuch Cofts, Charges and Expences as aforefaid, on the Ship o* Veffel for the Service on board which fuch Wages fhall be fo ordered to be paid, or any of the Tackle, Furniture or Apparel thereof, rendering the Overplus thereof (if any), after Payment of fuch Expences as aforefaid, to the Mafter or Commander or Owner thereof; and the Decifion Justice’s Deter* of fuch Juftice as aforefaid fhall be final and conclusive as well on minsdon final, fuch Seaman, Mariner or other Perfon, as upon fuch Mafter or Com- unl®“ Appeal maitder, or other Perfon taking the Charge or Command of fuch	Sew

Ship or Veffel, and the Owner or Owners thereof; fave and except m fuch Cafes in Which an Appeal (hall be interpofed by either Party to the High Court of Admiralty, fuch Appeal to be interpofed within the Space of Seven Days alter the Order of the faid Juftice of Juftices fo to he made as aforefaid.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the Seaman or Ma* Notice of finer, or other Perfon fo claiming to be entitled to fuch Wages fis Appeal, aforefaid, or the Party or Parties who is or are ordered to pay the fame, or thehr Agents refpedfcively, fhall be diilatisfied with fuch Order and Decifion of the Jbftice or Juftices touching fuch Wage* as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for either of them rfefpe&ively, witSift Forty eight Hours after the making fuch Order as aforefaid, hut Sot afterwards, to give Notice in Writing, to the Juftice or Juftices fo making fuch Order, of his, her or their Defire of obtaining the Judgment of the High Court of Admiralty refpe&ing the faid Wages and the Order fo made thereon as aforefaid, by delivering the fame to fuch Juftice or Juftices, or leaving the fame at their laft or moft uftial Place of Abode; mid thereupon tnl fcafty fo refilling or deputing the

Claim

C* 58.

59# GEO, III.

A.D. 1819.

3D6

Bail to be given on Service of Hotice.

Commissioner or Justice to certify same.

Proviso for Agreements entered into by Seamen before the passing of this Act.

Proviso for Stamen in respect of any Remedy which may now be resorted to.

Ast not to extort to Scot-

Claim to fuch Wages, or the Order to be made by fuch Juftice or Juftices thereon, fhall be compelled to proceed within Thirty Days from the Date of fuch Order, by taking out a Monition againft the adverfe Party, and fhall, on the Service of fuch Notice, give good and fufficient Baal in double the Amount of the Wages To ordered to be paid as aforefaid, and which Bail fhall be taken by a Commiffioner for taking Examinations in Prize Caufes, if there fhall be One in the Port or Place where fuch Difference fhall arife or Order be made, but if there fhall be no fuch Commiffioner there, then the faid Juftice or Juitices who fhall pronounce fuch Order, or any other of His Majefty’8 Juftices of the Peace, are hereby authorised to take the fame; and the Commiffioner, Juftice or Juftices, who fhall take fuch Bail, fhall certify the fame according to the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and tranfmit the fame without Delay to the High Court of Admiralty, and alfb a Copy of the Order fo made by fuch Juftice or Juftices, on unftamped Paper, certified under the Hand or Hands of fuch Commiffioner, Juftice or Juftices taking the Bail as aforefaid, and the fame fhall be admitted by fuch Court of Admiralty as Evidence in the Caufe.

III.	Apd be it further ena&ed, That no Seaman or Mariner or other Perfon, by entering into or figning any Con trad or Agreement as required by the feveral Statutes now in force for that Purpofe, or into any Covenant, Stipulation or Agreement to be comprifed in any fuch Contra& or Agreement, which fhall have the Effe&, or be defigned or intended to have the Effe&, of depriving fuch Seaman, Mariner or other Perfon of the Remedies by this A6t given for Recovery of WageB fo due to him or them as aforefaid, fhall be deprived of or hindered from ufing any Method or Means for Recovery of Wages, againft any Ship, or the Mafters or Owners thereof, which immediately before the paffing of this A61 he might, and which after the faid Firft Day of Augujl\e. may make ufe of; and that in all Cafes where it fhall or may be neceflary, in reforting to the Remedies by this A6fc given for Recovery of fuch Wages as aforefaid, that the Agreement or Agreements in Writing aforefaid fhould be produced before fuch Juftice or Juftices as aforefaid, no Obligation fhall be on any Seaman, Mariner or other Perfon as aforefaid, to produce the fame, but fuch Obligation fhall lie on the Mafter or Commander, or other Perfon having the Charge or Command, or the Owner or Owners of the Ship or Veflel for which the Wages fhall be demanded $ and no Seaman or Manner fhall fail in any Complaint or Proceeding before any Juftice or Juftices for Recovery of Wages for want of fuch Agreement or Agreements being produced, but fhall and may proceed therein as if no fuch Agreement in Writing had been made.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That nothing in this A6t contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to deprive any Seaman, Mariner or other Perfon as aforefaid, of any Remedy, Means or Pro-cefs which may now be reforted to or ufed againft any Ship or Vefiel, or the Mafter or Commander or Perfon having the Charge of fuch Ship or Veflel, or the Owner or Owners thereof, for the Recovery of Wages due for ferving on board of any fuch Ship or Vefiel.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That nothing in this A61 contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland.

VI. And

59° GEO. IIL

S97

A*D. 1119.

C.5S, 5ft.

VI.	And be k further enafted, That this Ad Audi be deemed Public Act. and taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of

as fuck by all Judge*, Jufbcea and others whomfoerer, without being fpecially pleaded.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That thia Ad (ball continue in Continuance

force for Seven Years from the paffing hereof.	Act*

The SCHEDULE referred to by this Ad.

*	Day	of	in

*	j the Year of our Lord One thoufand eight hundred

*	and	before	at	in

4 the County of	.	A*	B. and C. D. appeared

4 perfonally, and produced themfelves as Sureties for

4 the Matter of the Ship	and	for	the Owners

4 thereof, and fubmitting themfelves to the Jurifdidion of the faid 4 Court of Admiralty of England, bound themfelves, their Heirs,

4 Executors and Adminiftrators, for the faid Mailer and Owners of

*	the faid Ship, in the Sum of	each of lawful

4 Money of Great Britain, unto E. F. a Seaman having ferved on ‘ board the faid Ship, to anfwer the Amount of fuch Wages as (hall

*	be hereafter decreed by the faid Court to be due to the laid E. F.y 4 according to the Tenor of the Aft in that Cafe made and provided;

‘ and unlefs they (hall fo do, they hereby confent that Execution

*	(hall iffue forth againfl them, their Heirs, Executors and Adminif-4 trators. Goods and Chattels* whereon the fame (hall be found, to 4 the Value of the Sum above mentioned.9

This Bail was duly taken, acknowledged" and received at the time hereinbefore above Written, before me the underfigned Commif-fioncr, [or, as the underfigned Juftice or Jnllices of the Peace] and I [or, we] do bebeve and confider the Perfons above mentioned fufficient Security for the Sum above mentioned.

CAP. LIX.

An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the Payment of Wages due to deceafed Seamen and Marines* to Wages due tp Intef-tate Baftards.	[2d	July 1819.]

*	TT7HEREAS by an Aft paffed in the Fifty fifth Year of the S3 ©. 3. c. 6a». 4 W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AR to repeal 5 l8-

4 feveral AR* relating to the Execution of Lettert of Attorney and Wills 1 *f Petty Officersy Seamen and Marinesy in Hi* Majejly9! Navy9 and 4 to make neto Provifions resetting the famef it was enafted, that where

*	any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds fhould be due ( for the Services as in the faid Aft mentioned of any Petty Officer ( or Seaman, Non Cocnmiffioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, de-4 ceafed, it (hould and might be lawful for the Infpeftor of Seamen’s 4 Wills to iffue or caufe to be iffued a Certificate in the Form or to 4 the Efteft and for the Purpofe in the faid Aft mentioned; And 4 Whereas it is expedient that tbs faid Provifions (hould be extended

4 to

. 1

S9* GEO. IlL

A.D.L81P'

€.50,60.

extended to Cases where Bastards shall die intestate.

Archbishop of Canterbury or York, or Bishop of London, Ac, may ordain i^>eciallj for the Colonies.

4 to the Petty Officers and -Seamen, Non rCommiffioned Officers of * Marines, and Marines, who /bang .boro Baftards (hall have died or ( (hall die intoftateBe it thent&ee enacted by The Sing’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Coofent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, andCommouA, in this pcefait Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of,the fame. That where any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds (hall be due for the Services in .the faid recited Adi mentioned of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commiffioned Officers of Marines, or Marine, whp being born a Baftard, (hall hpae died or (hall die inteftate, in wonder that the Perfon or Perfons who (hall be entitled to the Effefts, oar any Part thereof, by Qrant or Grants from the Crown, may not be

CD great Expence, it (hall and may be lawful for the Ipfpeftor qf eu’s Wills, pppn Infpeftion and Examination of fuch Grant or Grants, tp iffue or caufe tp be iflued a Certificate jn the Form or to the £ffeft provided by the faid Aft in the cafe of any Sum not exceeding the Sura of Twenty Pounds being due for the Services of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commiffioned Officers of Marines, or Marine, deceafec}, and tfiat all and, eyery other the Provifions, Enaft-ments, Claufes, P^iqs, Penalties .and Forfeitures provided by the (aid Alft in tbofe Cafes, ffiall from and after the pamng of this Aft he applied and extended to all Cafes of Certificates iuped or caufed tp be iffued by the Infpeftor of Seamen’s Wills upon Grants from the Crown of any Sum or Sums not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, due tor or in refpeft of the Services of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commiffioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, whp being born a Ballard (hall have died or (hall die inteftate.

CAP. LX.

An Aft to permit the Archbifhops of Canterbury and Fork, and the Bilhop of London, for the time being, to admit Perfons into Holy Orders fpecially for the Colonies, [ad July 1S19.J

4 TT 7 HE RE AS it is expedient that the Archbifhops and Bifhops 4 VV of this Realm (hould from time to time admit into Holy 4 Orders Perfons fpecially	f°r the Cure of Souls in His

4 Majefty’s Foreign Poffeflions, although fuch Perfons may not be ■4 provided with tne Title required by the .Canqp .of the Church of * England, pf fuch ps are to be made Minifters : And Whereas it will 4 greatly tend to the Advancement of Religion within the fame, that 4 pue Provifion (hall be regularly made for a Supply of Perfons pro-4 perly qualified to ferve as Parfons, Vicars, Curates or Chaplains 5’ Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Mofl Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of ^hie Aft it (hall be lawful for the Arfchbiihop of Canterbury, the Archbdhop of York or the Bilhop of London, for the time being, or any BHbop fpecially authorifed and empowered by any or either of them, to admit ‘ into the Holy Orders of Deacon or Prieft any Perfon whom he Audi upon Examination deem duly qualified 'fpecially for vthe purpose of taking upon himfelf the Cure of Souls, or offidatmg in any Spiritual Capacity in His Majefty’s Colonies or Foreign Poffelfions andre&kng (herein, and that a Declaration of fuch Purpofc and a written Engagement

j

AJ>. Wl

wxxeq, m.

e-o9.

&9

gtgcmrwt Wpcjiqrm the far# wafer 4hp H*ed of jfuflh Perfen, hmg aepofited in !&e Hftnfe of £uch AvabtfifWp nr Biffipp, fluff b« M4(*P be a fcffioieat Title jwijbh * view to fash Qrdiuatipn i and tAt Fact stated in every finch Cafe it (hall be diftiaftly feted ie the Letters qf Ordination Ljj?™ <* of every Perfou fo admitted tp Holy Orders, that he has We oifiW Ordination far the Cure pf Soul* in His	-s foreign PofieflwW

II.	Provided always, and be it ,father pna&ed by the Authority Ho Person so afbrefaid. That no Perfon fo admitted jflto the Holy Orders of Dospoo ordidnad capa-or Prkft, for the purpofe of takj«g\upop .hfafeu the Cure of Soulfr bl® p^holding or officiating in any Spiritual Capacity in His Majefty’s Foreign Pp£- GreaUJritLn feffioas, fefi be dpMe of having, bidding or enjoying, or of being or ireland with, admitted to mf Parfonage, Vicarage, Benefice or other Ecclefiafe^il out Consent of Promatfnqr or Dignity whatfoever, within the United Kingdom of Bishop of Dio-Grt&f Britain aaa Ireland, or -of aftjog ,as Curate therein^ without “se> **ru*er the previous Confent and Approbation in Writing of the Bifhopof the **9 c* Diocefe* under his Hand and Setfl, in which any fuch Parfonage,

Vicarage, Benefice or other Ecclefiaftickl Promotion or Dignity (hall

hf locally fituated, nor without the like Confent and Approbation of •fuch one of the faid Arcbbifhops, or Bifhop of London, by whom, or by whofe Authority fuch Perfon (ball have been originally ordained, or in cafe of the Demife or Tranfiation of fuch Archbifhop or Bifhop, of his Succeflqr in the fame See : Provided always, that Certificate of •no fuch Confent and Approbation (hall be given by any fuch Arch- good Beha-hifbop, or Bi(hop of London, unlefs the Party applying for the fan\e viour first pro-fhall firft produce a Teftimony of hia good Benaviour during the time duced* of his Refidence Abroad, from the Biihop in whofe Diocefe he may have officiated, or in .cafe there be no Bifhop, from the Governor in Council of the Colony in which he may have been rrefident, or from His Majefty's Principal Secretary of State fpr tjie Colonial Department.

III.	And he it further enafted, That from and after the paffing Qf Persons ordain, this Aft no Perfon who (hall have been admitted into Holy Orders «d by Bishops by the Biihops of Quebec, Nova Scotia or Calcutta, or by any other

Bifhop or Archbifhop than thofe of England or Ireland, (hall he 0r°OdcuttaT&c. capable of officiating in any Church or Chapel of England or Ireland restrained in without fpecial Permiffion from the Archbifhop of the Province in like manner, which he propofes to officiate, or of having, holding or enjoying, Qr of being admitted to any Parfonage or other Ecclefiallied Preferment in England or Ireland, or of afting as Curate therein, without the Confent and Approbation of the Archbifhop of the Province, and alfo of the Bifhop of the piocefe in which any fuch Parfonage or Ecclefiaftical Preferment or Curacy may be fituated.

XV.	Provided always. That no Perfon who after the paffing of .this Persons oidafa-Aft (hall have been ordained a Deacon or Priqft by a Colonial Bifhop, «d by * Colo-who at the time of fuch Ordination did not aftually poffefs an ,liaI Epifcopal Jurifdiftion over fbme Diocefe, Diftrift or Place, or was not aftually refiding within fuch Divifion, Diftrift or Place, (hall be ferment, &c. capable in any Way, or on any Pretence whatever, of .at any time holding any Parfonage or other Eccjefiaftical Preferment witlyn His Majefty^s Dominions, or of being a Stipendiary Curate or Chaplain, or of officiating at any Place, or m any manner, as a Minifter of the Eftabhfhed Church of England and Ireland.

V.	And he it further enafted. That all Admiffions, Inftitutions and Admissions, &o* Laduftions to Benefices in the Church of England, or Church of Ire- to Curacies land, and all Appointments to aft as Curates therein, which lhall he ^"tjrar7 bernae,

made

59° geo: hi.

A.Di1819.

Premia.

Proviso for a6 G. 3. c. 84.

Burghs may

solicit Aid from County far Goals.

Proposal of Magistrates to be submitted to Commissioners of Supply.

C. 60,61.

made contrary to the Provifions of this A£t, (hall be to all Intents and Purpofes null and void: Provided always, that nothing herein (hall be conftrued to make void any Admiffion, Inftitution or Indu£tion to any Benefice, or any Appointment as Curate, which (hall have been made previous to the palling of this A&.

VI.	Provided always. That nothing in this A€t contained (hall be conftrued to affe& or to repeal any of the Provifions of an Ad patted in the Twenty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 to embower the Arcbbijhop of Canterbury, or the Arch-btfbop of York for the time being, to confecrate to the Office of a Bifkop, Perfons being SubjcSs or Citizens of Countries out of Hie Majefiy's Dominions.

CAP. LXI.

An Ad to enable Counties and Stewattries in Scotland to give aid to Royal Burghs fituated therein, for the purpofe of improving, enlarging or rebuilding their Gaols * or to improve, enlarge or rebuild Common Gaols of Counties and Stewart* ries which are not the Gaols of Royal Burghs.

[2d July 1819.]

* TY7HEREAS the Gaols in the/ different Royal Burghs in Scot-4 VV land are in general infecure and incommodious: And c Whereas although by the Law of Scotland Burghs are bound to 4 provide and maintain proper Gaols, yet the Means of many of fuch 4 Burghs are infufficient for the neceflary Improvement thereof;

4 wherefore it is expedient that Counties and Stewartries in Scotland 4 (hould be enabled to contribute towards the Expence that may be 4 required for improving, enlarging or rebuilding the Gaols of the 4 Royal Burghs of Scotland\ within the fame: And Whereas it is 4 expedient that when Common Gaols of Counties and Stewartries 4 in Scotland, are not the Gaols of Royal Burghs, fuch Counties and 4 Stewartries (hould be enabled to improve, enlarge or rebuild fuch 1 Common Gaols May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed 5 and be it ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That if the Magiftrates and Council ot any Royal Burgh (hall deem it expedient to folicit Aid and Afiiftance from the County or Stewartry in which the fame (hall be fituated, towards improving, enlarging or rebuilding the Gaol of any fuch Royal Burgh, they (hall tranfmit to the Clerk of Supply of fuch County or Stewartry, a Propofal in Writing for the Confider-ation of the Commiffioners of Supply of fuch County or Stewartry.

II.	And be it enaffced, That the faid Clerk ot Supply, upon receiving fuch Propofal, (hall tranfmit it without Delay to the Convener, who (hall call a Meeting of the Commiffioners of Supply of fuch County or Stewartry, for the Confideration of the faid Propofal, by public Advertifement in one or more Newfpapers publifhed m faid County or Stewartry, or if no Newfpaper is publifhed therein, bv Advertifement in fuch Newfpaper or Newfpapers as the Convener ufually intimates public County Meetings in for the faid County or Stewartry, of which Meeting Six Weeks previous Notice at the leaft (hall be given.

III. And

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.6L

401

lit And be it further enabled. That no Perfon (hall be entitled to rote at any Meeting to be held under this A61, who (hall not be a Commiflioner of Supply, po fife fled of the Dominium utile of Lands valued at One hundred Pounds Scots, or the Fa dor of an abfent Commiffioner of Supply fo qualified, duly authorised to attend and vote for his Conftituent at fuch Meeting*

IV.	And be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Commiflioners of Supply, or a Majority of them at any fuch Meeting, if they (hall think fit, before coming to a final Resolution upon any fuch Propofal, to appoint a Committee of their Number to confer with the Magiftrates and Town Council making fuch Propofals, and for the purpofe of arranging with them all the Details that may be neceflary to enable the Commiflioners of Supply to fatisfy themfclves as to the Propriety of affording Aid towards the Purpofe Solicited, and for fettling the Plan or Plans neceflary for the Execution of the Work, and for ascertaining the Expence thereof.

V.	And be it ena&ed. That after being Satisfied as to the Propriety of affording fuch Aid, and alfo as to all fuch Details as may be neceflary for fettling the Plan of the Work, and the Expence .thereof, it (hall and may be lawful for the Said Commiflioners of

Supply, at any Meeting Specially called for that Purpofe, or a Majority of them then affembled, to refolve to give fuch Aid as they may think fit towards improving, enlarging or rebuilding any fuch Gaol.

VI.	And be it enadted. That a Copy of the Refolutions of fuch Meeting, figned by the Clerk of Supply of fuch County or Stewartry, (hall thereupon be tranfmitted to the Magiftrates and Town Council of the Burgh by whom fuch Propofal (hail have been made ; and if within Fourteen Days after fuch Refolutions (hall have been received by fuch Magiftrates and Town Council, they (hall fignify their Wil-lingnefs to fuch Clerk of Supply to proceed to improve, enlarge or rebuild their Gaol, in the manner tliat (hall have been exprefled m fuch Refolutions, then the Commiflioners of Supply of fuch County or Stewartry (hall be and become bound to raife the Money they '(hall have agreed to contribute for the Purpofe fpecified in fuch Refolutions fo tranfmitted as aforefaid, by an Afleffment, which thej are hereby authorised to make in the manner diredted by this

Qualification of Voters.

Co

of Supply may appoint a Committee of their Number to confer with Magistrate*

Commissioners of Supply may resolve to give Aid.

Resolution of Commianoners to be transmitted to Mi* gistrates, and upon their Consent, Assessment made by Commissioners.

VII. And be it enadted, That fuch Afleffment (hall be made as Relative * follows; namely, upon all Lands and Heritages contained in the	°*

Valuation Books of fuch County or Stewartry, according to the ^Landsluid valued Rent of fuch Lands and Heritages, ana upon all inhabited Houses. Houfes within fuch County or Stewartry, of the annual Value of Five Pounds Sterling or upwards, according to fuch annual Value ; that is to fay, for every Five Pounds Scots that (hall be affeffed on every One hundred Pounds Scots of the valued Rent of Lands and Heritages, there (hall be affeffed the Sum of One Penny Sterling on every Pound Sterling of the annual Value according to which fuch inhabited Houfes (hall be affeffed for the Houfe Tax ; but it iB hereby exprefsly provided and declared, that inhabited Houfes, though of the annual Value of Five Pounds Sterling or upwards, eredted or to be eredfced on Lands valued in the Valuation Books of the faid County or Stewartry, and chargeable with Afleffment impofed by this AjSt on Lauds and Heritages fo valued to a greater Amount than the Sum , 59 Geo.III.	D(	tor

402

C.61.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

When such Assessment shall be made.

How and by whom Assessment to be collected*

Assessment to be accounted for by CoU lectors.

Collector not accounting.

* Penalty*

Assessment to be paid in the first Instance by Tenants, who mayRetain.

Power to Commissioners to grant Aid to County Gaols in Burghs, not being Royal Burghs.

for which the faid inhabited Houfes would be chargeable under this Aft, (hall not alfo be liable to the Afleffment hereby impofed on inhabited Houfes of the.aforefaid Value.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That fuch Afleffment (hall be made in the Proportions aforefaid, by fuch Commiflioners of Supply, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpofe, and (hall be direfted to be levied at fuch times as ihall be fpecified in the Order making the Afleffment, fo that the Sums refolded to be levied may be collefted within the Period requifite for accomplifliing the Purpofe* for which fuch Aid or Afliftance (hall have been refolved to be given.

IX.	And be it enafted, That fuch Afleffment upon Lands and Heritages (hall be collefted by the Colleftor of the Cefs in fuch County or Stewartry, and fuch Afleffment upon inhabited Houfes (hall be collefted by the Colleftor of the Affeffed Taxes levied upon fuch Houfes; apd all the Powers and Authorities granted by any Aft or Afts of Parliament to fuch Colleftor of the Land Tax, and to fuch Colleftor of the Affeffed Taxes, for the levying and recovering thereof refpeftively, are hereby given and granted for the levying and recovering of fuch Afleffment.

X.	And be it enafted. That all Sums of Money levied by any fuch Colleftor of the Land Tax, or Colleftor of the Affeffed Taxes refpeftively, for or in refpeft of fuch Afleffment, (hall, after retaining an Allowance for their Trouble, not exceeding the Allowance made to them for collefting the Land Tax and Affeffed Taxes refpeftively, be paid over and accounted for by every fuch Colleftor, to fuch Perfon or Perfons, and at fuch time or times, as (hall be direfted by the faid Commiflioners of Supply ; and if any fuch Colleftor (hail not fo pay and account for the lame accordingly, every fuch Colleftor fo making default (hall forfeit Double the Sum fo neglefted to be paid, to be recovered with Intereft thereon by the Clerk of the Commiflioners of Supply, who (hall, fue for the fame before the Judge Ordinary of the Bounds, with Coils or Expences of Procefs; and fuch Forfeiture (hall be applied to the Purpofes for which fuch Afleffment was impofed and levied.

XL And be it enafted. That the Amount of every fuch Affeff-ment (hall be wholly paid by the Owners of Lands as well as Houfes: Provided neverthelefs, that the whole of fuch Affeffement upon Houfes (hall be paid by the Occupiers thereof in the fir(l Inftaiice, but they (hall be entitled, and they are hereby authorifed, to retain from their Landlords, out of the firit Year's Rent, the whole Amount of fuch Afleffment, which fuch Landlords are hereby required and obliged to allow as Part of the Rent due for fuch inhabits Houfes, on Produftion and Delivery of the Colleftor’* Receipt for the fame.

XII. And be it enafted, That in all Cafes where any Common Gaol of any County or Stewartry in Scotland is not the Gaol of a Royal Burgh, it (hall and may be lawful from time to time for any Five or more of the Commiflioners of Supply of any fuch County or Stewartry, by a Writing under their Hands addreffed to the Convener of fuch County, to require him within Six Weeks from the Date of fuch Requifition being made, to call a Meeting of the CommifEonen of Supply of fuch County or Stewartry, to take into confidential the State of fuch Common Gaol; and Inch Convener (hall thereupon call fuch Meeting of the Commiflioners of Supply of fuch County or Stewartry, to be held within Six Weeks from the Date of the Re-- -	*	ceipt

A»I)‘ 1819.

59* GEO, I1L

C.61.

*0*

ceiptof fuch Requisition, by Public Advertifement in One or more Meeting, of # Newfpapers published in fuch County or Stewartry ; or if no Newf- Comm&Ionm paper is publiftied therein, by Advertifement in fuch Newfpapcr or by Advertiae-Newfpapers as the Convener ufually intimates Public County Meet- ment* ings in for fuch County or Stewartry.

XIII.	And be it enadted, That at fuch Meeting, or at fome Ad- Cornmimionw journment thereof, fuch Commiflioners of Supply (hall fettle and °* ®“pply10 determine whether any and what Improvement or Enlargement of

fuch Common Gaol is neceffary, or if it is neceflary to rebuild the 0f fame; and before coming to a final Refolution as to the Plan proper s*ry. to be adopted, (hall and may, if they think fit, appoint a Committee of their Number to procure Plans and Eftimates, and to arrange all nece(ary Details to enable the faid Commiflioners to come to a final Determination as to the Mode of Proceeding to be adopted: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall empower or authorife Gaols to be re-the rebuilding of fuch Common Gaol of any County or Stewartry in built in Burghs any Burgh or Town, other than the Burgh or Town in which fuch wberetbeysrs Common Gaol is at prefent fituated.	now ********

XIV.	And be it enadled, That at fuch Firft Meeting, or at fome How to levy Adjournment thereof, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Com- *nd collect miffioncto of Supply, or a Majority of them, to refolve and determine Assessments, to what Amount fuch County or Stewartiy (hall be affeffed for the Improvement, Enlargement or rebuilding of any Common Gaol therein, and (hall then or at fome fubfeauent Meeting to be held for that

Purpofe, make fuch AfTefTment, and diredl the lame to be levied at fuch times as (hall be fpecified in the Order making the Affeffment,

(o that the Sums refolved and determined to be levied, may be col-le&ed within the Period requifite for accompli(hing the Purpofes for which the fame is to be levied; which Afieffment (hall to fuch Amount be made and collected in the manner hereinbefore dire&ed with regard to AffefTments on Counties and Stewartries, for Aid to Royal Burghs towards improving, enlarging and rebuilding their Gaols.

XV.	And be it enadled, That every Proprietor of an Entailed Hein of Entail Eftate, who (ball pay AffefTments under this Adi, (hall be a Creditor charging

to the fucceeding Heirs of Entail in the manner after mentioned, for “***■•

Three fourth Parts of the Money fo to be paid.

XVI.	And be it enadled, That the Perfon or Perfons having Mod? of Reco-Right to the Claim arifing from Money fo to be paid as aforefaid, by very Pf Three the Proprietor of an Entailed Eftate, in difeharge of Affeffments four^s Aseess-under this Adi, may after the Expiration of One Year from the ^totallsd Death of fuch Proprietor, require the Hein fucceeding to fuch

Eftate to repay the faid Three fourth Parts of the faid Money fo paid, with the legal Intereft thereof, from the Term at which the laid fucceeding Heir's Right to the Rents of the Eftate (hall commence, upon receiving a proper Aflignment and Conveyance of the faid Claim; and if tne Money fo due be not paid within Three Months after fuch Requifition, it (hall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons having Right tnereto, to fue the faid Hein in the manner direded for the Recovery of Money expended in the Improvements of Entailed Eftates, by an Adi palled the Tenth Year of the Reign zo G. j. c. jr. of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to encourage the Improvement of Lands 9 Tenements and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, held under the Settlements of flriff EnlaiT*

Dd 2	XVII. And

i(H

C.61.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.JS19

Rules fo{ Relief among Heirs of Entail.

Commissioners of Supply may borrow Money.

Interest at jl. per Cent, per Annum.

Committsfrdf Superintends ance may be appointed.

Passer and ResponsSbHity •f Magistrates to eontbue as before.

XVII.	And be it enafted, That the fame Rules of Relief among fucceeding Heirs of Entail,. and their Heirs and their Succeflbrs, of the Claims for Debt, and of Preference in Competition of Rents, and in fubjefting Defenders to the Payment of Cofte, (hall take place with regard to Monies expended by the Proprietors of Entailed Eftates in Payment of Afleffments under this Aft, as are enafted by the laid Aft, pafled in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, with refpeft to Monies expended by Proprietors of Entailed Eftates, in making Improvements upon their Eftates, for increafing the Rents and Value thereof.

XVIII.	And be it enafted, That fuch Commiflioners of Supply fiull have Power, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to borrow and take up at Intereft, on the Security of the AflefTment hereby authorifed to be levied, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as they (hall judge requifite for defraying the Share or Proportion of the Expence of improving, enlarging or rebuilding any Gaol, towards the Expence of which they may think fit to contribute ; or for improving, enlarging or rebuilding fuch Common Gaol of the County or Stewartry, as the cafe may be ; provided that the whole Amount 1 of the Money fo borrowed (hall not exceed fuch Sum as they (hall have fo refolved to contribute ; and it (hall be lawful for fucb Com-jniffioners of Supply, and they are hereby empowered, to affign or make over -the Whole or any Part of the AfleiTment hereby authorifed to be made, to any Perfon or Perfons willing to lend Money on the Security thereof, at a Rate not exceeding Five rounds Sterling per Centum per^Annum ; and every fuch Affignment (hall be made and ^executed by the Clerk of Supply, being fpecially authorifed to do fo at a General Meeting of the Commimoners of Supply, and (hall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by him for that Purpofe, which Book or Books may be feen and perufed by any Perfon or JPerfons interefted therein without Fee or Reward ; and all fuch Alignments fo executed (hall be transferable by Indorfement, duly fubferibed by the Party transferring, in the Prefence of One or more fubferibing Witnefs or Witnefles.

XIX.	And be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Commiflioners of-Supply to appoint a Committee of their Number to fuperintend the Execution of any Work to which they may fo contribute, or which they may fo relolve to execute (as the cafe may be), and the proper Application of the Money contributed for that Purpofe.

XX.	And be it enafted, That when the Gaol of any Royal 'Burgh, to the. improving, enlarging or rebuilding of which. Aid lhall have been afforded under this Aft, (hall have been completed, and.with any Yards, Courts, Out Offices or Conveniences therein, Khali be ufed for confining Debtors, Felons, Vagrants and other De-Gnquents, the Magiftrates and Town Council of the Burgh wherein the fame (hall be fituated, and the Gaoler or Keeper, Gaolers or .Keepers of fuch Gaol (hall be refpeftively anfwerable, to all Intents and rurpofes whatsoever, for the fafe Cuftody of all fuch Perfons as 'fhall from time to time be committed to his or their Cuftody in fuch Gaol, in the like manner as any Magiftrates and Town Council and the Gaolers employed by them now are by Law liable; and fuch 'Magiftrates and Council (hall have the fame Power over fuch Gad jand the Gaolers and Keepers thereof, and the Debtors, Felons,

Vagrants

59o GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

C.tfJ.	.4QS

Vagrants and other Delinquents who (Ifall be confined therein, as they had in the Gaol before the fame (hall have been improved, enlarged or rebuilt; and fnch Magiftrates and Town Council, fo foon as any fuch Gaol, fo improved, enlarged or rebuilt (hall be delivered over to them, (hall be bound and obliged to keep and maintain the fame in good and fufficient Repair, from the Funds of the Burgh, in all time coining.

. XXL And be it further enafted. That if it (hall be found necef- Prisoners may fary, for the purpofe of improving, enlarging or rebuilding any Gaol he removed of any Royal Burgh now exifting, that the Prifoners therein fhould ^v.°**^* be removed during the Period of Tuch Improvement, Enlargement or 3SL rebuilding, it (hall be lawful for the Magiftrates of the Burgh within which fuch Gaol is fituated, to remove fuch Prifoner or Prifoners to any fecure Place of Confinement within the laid Burgh, or to any other Gaol within the faid County or Stewartry, until fuch Improvement, Enlargement or rebuilding (hall be completed ; and it fhall be lawful for all Perfons, legally authorised to commit other Debtors,

Felons and Delinquents, to commit them to the fame ; and when any fuch improved, enlarged or new Gaol fhall be fit for the Reception of Priioners, it fhall be. lawful for the Magiftrates and Town

Council of the Burgh in which fuch improved, enlarged or new Gaol fhaD be fituated, and the Keeper or Keepers of fuch Gaol* to' remove thereto all fuch Debtors, Felons and other Prifoners* as fhall then be confined in fuch other fecure Place of Confinement; and fuch Removal or Removals, and the Airings or Exercifing of the Prifoners who (hall be confined in the improved, enlarged or new Gaol, in any Yards, Courts, Out Offices or Conveniences thereunto belonging, fhall not be deemed or taken to be an Efcape or Efcapes: Provided always, That the Magiftrates of fuch Burghs fhall continue to*be-re-fponfible for the fafe Cuftody of all fuch Debtors, Ffelons and' other Prifoners, during their Removal to or Confinement in fuch other fecure Place of Confinement.

XXII.	And be it ena&ed. That if it fhall be found neceffary for the improving, enlarging or rebuilding any Common Gaol, within any County or Stewartry, not being the Gaol of a Royal Burgh, that the Prifoners therein fhould be removed during the Period* of fuch Improvement, Enlargement or rebuilding, it fhall be lawful for the Juftices of the Peace for fuch County or Stewartry in General Sef-fions aflembled, to direft the Removal of fuch Prifoners and for all Perfons legally authorifed to commit other Debtors, Felons and Delinquents, to any fecure Place of Confinement within fuch County or Stewartry, until fuch Improvement, Enlargement or rebuilding mall be completed ; and when any fuch improved, enlarged or new Gaol fhall be fit for the Reception of Prifoners, it fhall be lawful for fuch Juftices, fo aflembled as aforefaid, to direct the Removal thereto of all fuch Debtors, Felons or other Prifoners as fhall then be confuted in fuch fecure Place of Confinement, and fhould by Law be confined in fuch Common Gaol of the County or Stewartry $ and fuch Removal and Removals, and the Airings and Exercifings of'the Prisoners who fhall be confined in fuch improved,, enlarged or new Gaol, in any Yards, Courts, Out Offices or Conveniences thereto belonging, fhall not be deemed or taken to be an Efcape or Efcapes; and the legal Refponfibility for the Safe Cuftody of all Perfons committed to fncb Gaol, and the Burden and Obligation to keep and maintain the

D d 3	fame

Majpstrates

continue.

PrifcMenmc/ be removed while Gaols or repairing, or rebuilding, in Cases where the same are not in Royal Burghs.

Responsibility ' tf Magistrate^ to continue.

‘A.D.1819.

4C«	C.61,6?.	50°	GEO.	III.

Appeal against Assessment.

Notice.

Final,

Limitation of Actions.

Public Act.

fame in food Condition, (hall, after fuch Improvement, Enlargement or rebuilding, be no ways altered thereby, or by any thing in this Aft contained.

XXIII* And be it enafted, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall think himfelf, herfelf or themfelves aggrieved by any Affeffment im-pofed by virtue of this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Per-fori or Perfons, within Three Months after any fuch Afleffment (hall have been demanded, but not afterwards, to appeal againft the fame to the Juft ices of the Peace at the Quarter Seflions of the County or Stewartry wherein the fubjeft Matter of the Complaint (hall nave arifen ; giving Fourteen Days' Notice of fuch Appeal to the Collector of the Afieftment, and lodging with fuch Appeal a Bond, with fufficient Surety or Caution for fulfilling and implementing the Sentence to be pronounced, and for paying fuch Expences as (hall be awarded by the faid Juftices of the Peace, who are hereby authorifed to determine the Matter in Difpute, and their Judgment (hall be ex-cluiive of all other Jurifdiftion, and (hall be final and conclufive without being fubjeft to Review in any Court whatfoever.

. XXIV. And be it further enafted, That no Aftion or Suit (hall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons, for any thing done in purfuance or by virtue of this Aft, after. Six Calendar Months from the time the Faft was committed or the Caufe of Aftion had occurred for which fuch Aftion or Suit (hall be brought; and the Defender or Defenders in any fuch Aftion or Suit may produce this Aft,* and plead that the fame was done by Authority and in virtue thereof; and if it (hall appear fo to be done, or if any fuch Aftion or Suit (hall be brought after the time hereby limited for bringing the fame, then and in fuch Cafe the Defender or Defenders (hall be aflbilzied from fuch Aftion or Suit, and the Purfuer or Purfuers therein (hall be found liable to pay the whole Expence of Procefs incurred by the Defender or Defenders.

XXV. And be it further enafted, That this AQ (hall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

CAP. LXII.

SVrtotu desirous of the Benefits of this Act, to deposit their Rules

An Aft for the Proteftion of Banks for Savings in Scotland.

[id July 1819.3

4	HE REAS certain Inftitutions called Parifti Banks, or Banks

4 V\ ior Savings, have been eftabli(hed in Scotland, for the fafe

*	Cuftody and Increafe of (mail Savings, belonging to the induftrious

*	Clafles of His Majefty’s Subjefts: And Whereas it is expedient to

*	give Proteftion to fuch Inftitutions as may be defirous of the fame,

*	and to the Funds thereby eftablifhed, and to afford Encouragement 4 to the Formation of like InftitutionsMay it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, Thfit if any Number of Perfons (hall be defirous of having the Benefit of the Pro-yifions of this Aft, and (hall have formed or inall form any {nilimtxon in. sny Part of Scotland, for the purpofe of receiving Depblitte df

Money

60° GEO, III:

CL 62,

407

iUX lB19w

Money for the Benefit of the Perfons depofiting the fame, and of R«gu)a-

returning the Whole or any Pajt of fuch Depofit, and the Produce

thereof, to the Depofitors themfelves, or to their Heirs, Executors, m*n

Affignees or other Perfons entitled thereto under the Provifions of

this Ad, deduding only out of fuch Produce fo much as (hall be

requifite for the Payment and Difcharge of the neceflary Expences

attending the Management of fuch Inilitution, according to fuch

Rules, Orders and Regulations as (hall or may be eftabliftied for that

Purpofe; fuch Perfons (hall caufe the Rules, Urder3 and Regulations,

eftabliftied or to be eftabliftied for the Management of fuch Inftitu-

tion, to be entered, recorded and depofited m manner hereinafter di-

«&ed, and thereupon (hall be deemed to be entitled to and (hall have

the Benefit of the Provifions contained in this Ad.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no fuch In- Rules to bt flkution as aforefaid (hall have the Benefit of this Ad, unlefs a writ- ghibitcd to ten or printed Copy of the Rules, Orders and Regulations for the

Man agement thereof, figned by Two of the Managers of fuch Inftitu- deposited; and tion, mail be exhibited to the Juftices of the Peace a(Tembled at the when attested. Quarter Se(lions of the Peace for the Shire or Stewartry within which entered in fuch Inilitution (hall be fituated; which Rules, Orders and ReguLa- J*00^9 °f ***• tkms (hall be fubjed to the Review of fuch Juftices, who (hall and InstlUltlDn* may, after due Examination thereof, annul and make void fuch Part of the fame as (hall be repugnant to this Ad, and (hall allow and confirm the fame, or fuch Part thereof as (hall be conformable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad ; and after the Confirmation as aforefaid of the Rules, Orders and Regulations of fuch Inilitution, the fame (hall be figned by the Clerk of the faid Juftices, attefting their Approbation thereof; for which Atteftation, and all the Ex- Fee to Clerk pence and Labour attending the fame, the faid Clerk (hall be entitled to charge the Sum of Ten Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations fo attefted, (hall be depofited with the Clerk of the faid Juftices, who is hereby fpecially required to receive andpreferve the fame among other the Records in his Cuf-tody, and to grant an attefted Copy of the fame to the Perfon or Perfons by whom the fame (hall have been exhibited, without any Fee or Reward to be paid in refped thereof; which Rules, Orders and Regulations fo attefted, (hall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpofe by fuch Inilitution; provided that nothing Rules, ft*. may herein contained (hall extend to prevent any Alteration in or Amende be altered, flee, ment of any fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations, depofited as aforefaid, or to the repealing or annulling of the fame, or of any of them, in whole or in part, or to the making of any new Rules, Orders or Regulations for the Management of any fuch Inilitution, in fuch manner as (hall be direded by the Rules, Orders and Regulations thereof; provided fuch new Rules, Orders and Regulations, or fuch Alterations or Amendments (hall be entered in the Book or Books of the faid Inilitution kept as aforefaid; and a written or a printed Copy thereof (hall be exhibited, approved of, attefted and depofited as aforefaid, before the fame (hall be put in force.

III.	Provided alio, and be it further enaded, That the Perfons Persons depo-depofiting Money with any Inilitution taking the Benefit of this Adf siting Money to or their Heirs, Executors or other Perfons entitled thereto under tlie *JfTe ?e^ole -Provifions of this Ad, (hall have the foie Benefit of fuch Depofits

and the Produce thereof, in the manner provided by the faid Rules, Allowance for ~ • D d 4f	Orders	Salaries, &c.

i

408

C.62.

59« GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Ruin binding after their Exhibition and Endow*.

Expence of Copies.

Receipts and Inues exempted from Stamp Duties#

Money and Effects of

I in ^Trustees#

Orders and Regulations; fave only and except fuch Salaries and Allowances, or other neceffary Expences, as (hall, according to fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations, be fpecified for conducing fuch Inditution, and for Remuneration to Clerks and Servants employed in the Management thereof, exclufive of the Truftee or Truftees and other Perfons having Control and Direftion in the Management of fuch Inditution, who (hall not direftly or indirectly have any Salary, Allowance, Profit .or Benefit whatfoever therefrom, on account of fuch Control and Direction, beyond the aCtual Expences for the Purpofes of fuch Inditution.

‘IV. And be it further enaCted, That all Rules, Orders and Regulations, from time to time made and in force for the Management of any Inditution taking the Benefit of this Adi, and duly exhibited, entered, approved of, atteded and depofited as aforefaid, (hall be binding on the leveral Members and Truftees of fuch Inditution, and the feveral Depofitors therein, and their Reprefentatives and Perfons entitled as aforefaid, under the Provifions of this Aft, all of whom (had be deemed and taken to have full Notice thereof by the Entry and Depofit aforefaid ; and all fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations as aforefaid, or a certified Copy thereof, under the Hands of the Clerk of the faid Judices, (hall be received as Evidence in all Cafes; and fuch Clerk (hall be bound to fumi(h fuch Copies to all concerned, without Fee or Reward, except the aftual Expence of making fuch Copy at the Rate of Sixpence for each and every Sheet thereof containing at lead Two hundred Words; and neither fuch Copy, nor any Receipt or Acknowledgment granted to any Depofitor or Depofitors, at the time of making any Depofit in any Inditution taking the Benefit of this Aft, or granted by any fuch Depofitor or Depofitors, or their Heirs, Executors or other Perfons entitled as aforefaid under the Provifions of this Aft, at the time of drawing out his, her or their Share or Shares in the Funds of the Inditution, or any Part thereof, (hall be fubjeft to or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever#

V.	And be it further enafted, That all Money, Goods and Efiefts whatever, and all Securities for Money or other obligatory Inftru-ments, and all Rights or Claims belonging to any Inditution taking the Benefit of this Aft, (hall be vefted in fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be appointed by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of the Inditution, Trudee or Trudees for the time being, for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Inditution and the refpeftive Depofitors therein, and the Jleirs, Executors or Perfons entitled under the Provifions of this Aft, according to their refpeftive Claims and IntereiU ; and after the Death, Refignation or Removal of any fuch Trudee or Truftees, the fame (hall veft in their Succefiors in Office by virtue of their Appointment as fuch, and for the fame Ufes and Purpofes, and fubjeft to the fame Truds, without any Affignation or Conveyance whatever; and fuch Trudee or Trudees (hall and may, in all Cafes concerning the Property, Rights or Claims aforefaid of fuch Inditution, fue and be fued in their proper Name or Names, as Trudee or Trudees of fuch Inditution, without any other Defcription; and no fuch Aftion or Caufe (hall be difeontinued by the Death of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or by his or their Removal from the Office of Trudee or Trudees, or againd the fucceeding Trudee or Trudees as aforefaid, but the fanat (hall and may be proceeded in by the fucceeding TYuftee or

Truftees

A.D. 1819*	59* GEO. IIL	C.62.

Truftees as aforefaid, any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding; declaring always, that no Securities for Money or other obligatory Inftruments belonging to or granted for or in refpeft of any fuch Institution, and no Proceedings in any Aftion or Caufe touching or concerning the Property, Rights or Claims of any fuch Inftitution, (hall be fubieft to or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever; and that no Advertifement m any Newfpaper, relative to any fuch Inftitution, fhall be chargeable with any Duty to Government.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That if the Rules and Regulations of any Inftitution taking the Benefit of this Aft, (hall require any Bond, Obligation or Security to be given to the Truftees or Managers, by the Treasurer or any other Officer of fuch Inftitution, fuch Bond or other Security, or any Extraft thereof, or any Power of Attorney relative thereto, (hall not be charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon entitled to Money in any Inftitution taking the Benefit of this Aft, (hall be defirou8 of bequeathing his or her Share or Intereft therein, or any Part thereof, he or (he (hall effeftually carry his or her Intention into execution, by fubfcribing any Holograph Writing exprefiive of fuch Intention, and if not Holograph, but in the Hand Writing of fome other Perfon, then by fublcribing thereto his or her Name, or by exhibiting thereto his or her Mark, in the Prefence of Two credible Witnefles, by whom alfo fuch Writing (hall be fubfcribed as Witneffee; and the TVuftee or Truftees, and all other Perfons appointed or to be appointed by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of any fuch Inftitution, and in virtue of fuch Appointment, having' Control and Direftion in the Management of the Funds thereof, are hereby fpedally required to give full Effeft to every fuch Writing Holograph, of fo fubfcribed and witnefTed as aforefaid, by paying or otherwife difpofing of any fuch Share or Intereft as aforefaid, or any Part thereof thereby bequeathed, in the Manner therein direfted, and by taking for the fame the Receipt or Difcharge of the Perfon or Perfons entitled to fuch Bequeft, without any Confirmation being obtained from the Conuniffary Court, provided the Amount does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and upon Confirmation being obtained from the Commiflary Court when the Sum (hall exceed Twenty Pounds, in the Manner direfted by an Aft pafTed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad to repeal the feveral Duties under the Commi/fioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper9 in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof; provided always, that no Stamp Duty or Legacy Duty (hall be charged for or in refpeft of any Receipt granted for any Sum bequeathed by any fuch Writing as aforefaid, where the Amount (hall not exceed Fifty Pounds.

. VIII. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Perfon entitled to any Sum of Money depofited with any Inftitution taking the Benefit of tins Aft, (hall die, leaving any Sum or Sums of Money depofited with fuch Inftitution, or any Dividends or Intereft due thereon, belonging to him or her at the time of his or her Death, and not difpofed of as aforefaid, and in cafe no Settlement thereof (hall bq exhibited to the Managers of fuch Inftitution within Six Calendar Months after the Deceafe of any fuch Perfon, nor 'any Claim made

bT

♦OS

Securities for Money, &e. exempt from Stamp Duty.

Bond, &c. not charged with Stamp Duty.

How Depositors may be-

Confirmatiou to be obtained from the Commissary Court where the Sum exceeds acL

44 G. 3. c. pit' I**

If Sum not more than joL no Duty.

Shares to go to legal Representatives if not bequeathed.

Disputes submitted to the Sheriff who shall determine therein.

Dtdricm final*

53 G.3. c.4.

54 O.5. e.i6i*

55 0.3. c. xS6.

C.6J, 63.	59° GEO. III.	A.D. 1819.

by any Perfon or Perfons (hewing a better Title thereto, the fame fhall be paid over to fuch Representative or Representatives of fuch-Perfon fo dying, as (hall be entitled thereto by the ordinary Rules of Law regulating Sncceffion in Scotland; and that without any Confirmation being obtained from the Commiflary Court, provided the Amount does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enaded, That in all Cafes not provided for by the Rules and Regulations of any Inilitution taking the Benefit of this Ad, where any Matter of Difpute (hall arife among the Managers, or other Members as aforefaid, of any fuch Inilitution, or of any Perfons ading under them, and any Individual Depofitor therein, or any Executor, Adminiftrator, next of Kin or Creditor of any deceaied Depofitor, or any Perfon claiming to be fuch Executor, .Adminiftrator, next of Kin or Creditor, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Matter of Difpute (hall be fubmitted to the Sheriff or Stewart or his Subftitute of the Shire or Stewartry within which fuch Inilitution is Situated, for his Decifion; whereupon the faid Sheriff or Stewart or his Subftitute (hall be bound to decide forthwith, and his Decifion (hall be final and conclofive and binding on all Parties, and in no cafe whatever (hall it be competent to bring, fuch Decifion under the Review of any Court of Law whatever, by Appeal, • Sufpenfion, Advocation, Redudion or any other Form of Procefs ; and no Bond, Receipt or Difcharge for or m refped of any Sum of Money paid upon fuch Reference or in confequence of fuch Decifion, (hall be fubjed to or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever.

CAP. LXIII.

An ABt to explain an Ad paffed in the Fifty fifth Tear of His prefent Majefty, for purchafing an Eftate for the Duke of Wellington.	[2d July 1819.}

WHEREAS an Ad was paffed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for granting 4 a Sum of Money for purchasing an EJlatefor the Marquis ©/'Wellington 4 and hit Heirs 9 tn conjideration of the eminent andfignalServicesperformed 1 by the feud Marquu of Wellington to His Majcjly and the Public: 4 And Whereas another Ad was paffed in the fifty fourth Year of * the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS fettling and 4 fecuring an Annuity on Arthur Duke of Wellington and bis Heirs9 4 and for empowering the Lord High Treafurer or Lords Commiffioners 4 of the Treafury to advance, out of the Confolidated Fund of Great 4 Britain, a Sum of Money in lieu of fuch Annuity, to purebafe an * EJlate in order to accompany the faid Title9 in con/ideration of the 4 eminent andjignal Services performed by the feud Duke of Wellington € to His Majefty and to the Public; and for making further Provsfon he Dijpofal of a Sum of Money granted by an AB of the lafi 4 Seffton of Parliament 9 for purchafingan EJlate for the faid Du£e9 4 then Marquis of Wellington : And Whereas another Ad was paffed • in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty9 4 intituled An AB for granting an addittonal Sum of Monty for pro-4 vidmg a fuitable Rejtdencc and EJlate for the Duke of Wellington 4 and hit Heirs, in con/ideration of the eminent and Jignal Service* „	4	performed

A.D.1819#

to* geo* nr.

411

C. 63, 64*

*	performed by the faid Duke to His Majefly and the Public: And

*	Whereas the Truftees under the faid recited Ads are'authorifed by

*	the faid firft recited Ad to by out the Sum of One hundred 4 thoufand Pounds, granted by the faid firft recited A A, in Exchequet

*	Bills or other Government Securities, and from time to time to pay

*	the Intereft anting therefrom to His Grace the Duke of Wellington,

4 or the Perfon entitled thereto for the time being: And Whereas 4 the Annuity granted by the faid recited Ad of the Fifty fourth

*	Year aforefaid is alfo made payable to the faid Duke of Wellington,

4 or the Perfon entitled thereto for the time being, under the Pro-

*	vifions of the faid A61: And Whereas the Truftees under the faid.

4 recited Ads are by the faid laft recited A61 of the Fifty fifth Year

*	aforefaid empowered to by out the Sum of Two hundred thoufand 4 Pounds granted by the faid Ad, or fuch Part thereof as may not 4 be immediately applied in the building, providing or purchafing any 4 Refidence or Eftate under the faid A61, in Exchequer Bills, or

*	in any other Government Securities bearing Intereft, until the fame 4 can be invefted in any fuch Purchafe as is direded by the faid 4 recited Ads ; but no Provifion is contained in the faid Ad in 4 relation to the Application of the Intereft which has arifen or may

*	from time to time arife from any fuch Exchequer Bills or Govern-4 ment Securities, and Doubts have thereupon arifen whether the 4 Truftees are empowered to pay the fame to the Duke of Wellington*

4 or the Perfon entitled for the time being, in like manner as is 4 direded by the faid Two firft recited Ads in rebtion to the 4 Intereft of the faid Sum of One hundred thoufand Pounds granted 4 by the firft recited Ad, and the Annuity granted by the faid 4 recited Ad of the Fifty.fourth Year aforefaid; and it is therefore 4 expedient that fuch Doubts fhould be removedBe it therefore declared and enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and ,	,

by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall be lawful for the Truftees tntertst arising under the faid recited Ads, and they are hereby etqpowered and from Bxche* authorifed, to pay all Arrears of Intereft which may have arifen^ quer Bills or and all Intereft which may hereafter accrue and arife from any

Exchequer Bills or Government Securities purchafed with the faid Snm Qf Two hundred thoufand Pounds, or any Part thereof, to the the ioo,oooL faid Duke of Wellington, or the Perfon for the time being entitled granted by under the faid Ads to the Eftate to be purchafed under the Provifion "55 G.3. c. 186. thereof, or to apply the fame in fuch manner from time to time as J?

(hall be direded by the faid Duke of Wellington, or fuch other Perfon ^eMlnirton, as aforefaid, in like manner in every refped as if fuch Intereft had beqn or applied by made payable to the faid Duke of Wellington, or fuch Perfon as the Trustees aforefaid, with the Intereft of the faid Sum of One hundred thoufand « be shall Pounds, and the Annuity granted by the faid firft recited Ads; any direct, thing in the faid laft recited Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LXIV.	.	:	'

An Ad to facilitate Proceedings againft the Warden of The Fleety in Vacation.	[ad	July	1819.]

4 YT7HEREAS by the Pradice of His Majefty’s Courts of .

4 VV Common Pleas and Exchequer at Wf/hhin/ler, and alfo by	*

* reafoh of the Enadment macb m the Twelfth Sedion of the	•	*

4 Statute

IIS

8 4 9W.3, <•17. |ia.

C. 64, 65.

5S* GEO. III.

jLD. 1819.

Bill may be filed against the Warden of the Fleet, in Vacation.

Memorandum of the time of

a and re-g such Bill to be

*	Statute made ahd ptffied in the Eighth aqd Ninth Years of the

*	Reign of His late Majefty King JViliiam the Third, Chapter

*	twenty {even, no Proceedings can be commenced in the time of 4 Vacation, at the Suit of any Perfon or Perfons, again ft the Warden < of His Majefty’s Prifon of The Fleets for or in refpeft of the Efcape 4 of any Prffoner or Prifoners from and out of his Cuftody : And 4 Whereas it is expedient that the Law and the Praftice of the faid 4 Courts fhould be altered in this refpeft Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft it (hall and may be 'lawful for any Perfon or Perfons, having Caufe or Caufes of Action againft the Warden of the faid Prifon, for or in refpeft of the Efcape of any Perfon or Perfons in his Cuftody, from and out of the faid Cuftody, to commence his or their A ft ion againft the faid Wardea by filing his or their Bill againft the faid Warden, at any time is Vacation, in the Office of the Prothonotaries of the faid Court of Common Pleas, or with the Clerk or Deputy Clerk of the Pleas iB the Office of Pleas in the Court of Exchequer, for or in refpeft of fuch Efcape, and to entitle fuch Bill as of the preceding Term, a Copy of which faid Bill fo filed fhall, within Twenty four Hours after the filing thereof, unlefs a Sunday or Public Holiday intervene, and in that Cafe on the Day next after fuch Sunday or Public Holiday, be delivered to the faid Warden or his Deputy, or to the Turnkey or Porter of the faid Prifon; and the faid Warden (hall appear and plead to the faid Bill within the firft Four Days of the following Term, otherwife it (hall be lawful for fuch Perfon or Perfons, having fuch Caufe or Caufes of Aftion as aforefaid, to fign Judgment againft the faid Warden in fuch Aftion; and for the better afeertaraing, as well the time of filing fuch Bill, as of delivering fuch Copy thereof as aforefaid, the proper Officer of the Court in which fuch Bill (hall be filed, or his lawful Deputy, (hall and he is hereby direfted, at the time of filing fuch Bill, to indorfe upon the fame a Memorandum of the time of filing fuch Bill; and the faid Warden or his Deputy, or the Turnkey or Porter of the faid Prifon (hall, and he is hereby direfted, at the time of receiving fuch Copy of the faid BOl, to indorfe upon fuch Copy a Memorandum of the time of receiving fuch Copy as aforefaid.

A Sum not cx-ctediim i$L for every Ticket dull be divided into Prises, end paid out of Suppliesgranted tkfaSeseon.

CAP. LXV.

An Aft for granting to His Majefty a Sum of Money to be raifed by Lotteries.	[2d	July 1819.]

[This AS is the fame as 58 G. 3. r. 71. except as to Dates and tbeSe&m that are here inferted.']

III. AND be it further enafted. That fuch Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole Fifteen Pounds for every Ticket to be contained in the faid Lottery or Lotteries, as (hall be fixed 'upon for the Purpofe by the faid Commiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, (hall be diftributed in Prizes or Benefits to be drawn'in the (aid Lottery or Lotteries, or allotted to the Owner or Owners of any Firft or Laft drawn Ticket or Tickets, v	or

JLD.I81&

A 9* GEO. Ill*

a 65:



or of anyTicket or Tickets to be drawn between the Firft and Laft m a fixed Prize or fized Prizes, on any particular Day or Days, in fiich Proportions and in fucb'Manner as the faid«Commiffioners or any Three or more of them fhall dire ft ; and the fame fhall be charged upon and be paid and payable out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted in this prefent Seffion of Parliament for Great Britain ; and the faid Commiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, are hereby required and authorifod, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, to caufe fuch Sum or Sums of Money to be iffued and paid out of the faid Aids or Supplies to the Chief Caihier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ to be by him diftributed and paid to and amongfk the refpeftive Proprietors of the feveral Fortunate or Benefit Tickets, within Two Months after the Conclufion of the Drawing of fuch Lottery or Lotteries refpeftively, or as foon as Certificates can be made out for the Sums due in refpeft of the fame, in the manner hereinafter dire ft ed*

4 IV. And Whereas it may be expedient for the Public Service that 4 Annuities in fome of the Public Funds may be given as Prizes in • the Place of Money ;* Be it therefore enafted. That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three or	.

more of them, to authorife and empower the Commiffioners for the f^*^rilllf Redemption of the National Debt to appropriate fuch a Sum, in fn lieu of Annuities, in any of the Public Funds ft an ding in their Names in Money, the Books of the Bank of England as will be equal to the whole or	*♦

fuch Part of the Sum not exceeding Fifteen Pounds per Ticket to be diftributed in Prizes as hereinbefore mentioned, as the Con* traftor or Contraftors for any Lottery or Lotteries fhall requeft to be given in Stock in the place of Money, which Stock (hall be eftimated at the mean Price the fame Funds or Annuities fhall have been fold at the Bank of England on the laft Day of felling the fame previous to the time or times of making fuch Contraft or Contrafts, or of the Day of Approval by the faid Commiffioners of the Treafury of the Scheme of any Lottery, and fhall be transferred to the Holders of the Tickets entitled thereto by the faid laft mentioned 'Commiffioners, at fuch times and by authority of fuch Certificates as are hereinafter mentioned and defcribed; and the faid Commiffioners of the Treafury fhall account for the Money retained in lieu of the Stock with the other Money raifed for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, or fhall order fuch a Sum of Money to be paid to the faid Commiffioners for Redemption of the National Debt, out of the Sums raifed by Sale of Lottery Tickets, or out of any of the Aids or Supplies granted in this Seffion of Parliament for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, as will be fuffident to buy the fame Amount in Stock as fhall have been appropriated for the Prizes before mentioned, or fhall caufe an Amount of Annuities equal to the Annuities fo appropriated to be purchafed for or transfoned to the faid Commiffioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, within One Month after fuch Appropriation.

XXVII. And be it further enafted, That all and every Perfon Licensed Per-and Perfons to whom fuch laft mentioned Licence or Licences fhall wm m Ovens be granted in Great Britain or Ireland refpeftively, purfuant to this	^	^

Aft, fhall, before the Drawing begins, depofit at the Office or Place to be appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned by the Commiffionea sham a cer*

of tain Number



41#

C.€3

■?9° GEO, III.

A.D. 1819.

ef Tickets in each of the Lotteries, o*J

be void, &c.

. - .1

Tenons to whom Licences are granted to give Security by Bond*

of-Stamp Duties In England and Ireland refpeftively, and . divide mta Shares, One hundred and twenty whole undrawn Tickets in each of die Lotteries eftablihed as aforefaid, for fuch Licence granted - to him, her or them, if only One fuch Licence be granted, and if Two or more fuch Licences t>e granted to the fame Perfon or Perfons, then and in that Cafe he, fhe or they (hall, before the Drawing begins, depofit at the Office aforefaid, and divide into Shares, One hundred Tickets for each fuch Licence, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, in England, or One hundred fuch Tickets in Ireland, when the Lottery mall confift of Twenty thoufand Tickets Of upwards, and fo in proportion for any fmalier Number ; and every filch Licence, for which no fuch refpeftive Depofit (hall be made; Stall be void and of no Effeft ; and every Perfon afting under any iwch Licence, in any of the Matters therein contained, after fuch Default made, (hall be adjudged and confidered in every refpeft as an unlicenfed Perfon ; and it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners of Stamp Duties in England and Ireland refpeftively, and they are hereby required upon every fuch Default, to caufe to be publiflied the Names and Places of Abode, and the Defcription of the Offices of fuch Perfon or Perfons making fuch Default as aforefaid, in the London or Dublin Gazette refpeftively, and declare therein the time when fuch Default was made, and fuch Forfeiture (hall take place from the time of fuch Publication.

XXIX. And be it further enafted. That every Perfon to whom any fuch Licence (hall be granted (hall perfonally appear before the (aid Commiffioners of Stamps in England or Ireland refpeftively, or fuch Perfon or Perfons as they (hall refpeftively appoint, and (hall then and there, at the time of granting fuch Licence or Licences, with One other refponfible Perfon to be approved by the faid Com*-miffioners before mentioned refpeftively, give Security by Bond to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succefiors, in the Sum of One thoufand Pounds ; and that the Condition of every fuch Bond (hall be, that if the Perfon or Perfons fo to be licenfed (haU during the Term of fuch Licence well and truly conform to and obferve all the Regulations and Provifions of this Aft, and (hall not offend again ft the fame, and 4hall have duly paid and difeharged the proportionate Amount of all fuch Shares of Fortunate Tiekets divided and (hared by fuc^ Perfon or Perfons fo licenfed as aforefaid, as (hall have been prefented fbr Payment, and demanded at the Houfe or Place named in the faid ‘Licence, to the Satisfaftion of the faid Commiffioners of Stamps, then fuch Bond (hall be void, or otherwife to be and remain in full Force and Effeft; and the faid Commiffioners of Stamps, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorifed and required to take inch Bond ; and if at the End of Twelve Calendar Months after the 'Expiration of the time for which fuch Licence (hall be granted, it 4hall appear to the Satisfaftion of the faid refpeftive Commiffioners *f Stamps, that fuch Perfon or Perfons fo licenfed hath or have, ‘during the Term of fuch Licence, well and truly kept, fulfilled anfl performed the Condition of fuch Bond, fuch Commiffioners may deliver up fuch Bond to be cancelled, or otherwife, at their Difcretion, caufe -every fuch Bond to be put in Suit; and any Sum which (hall be recovered thereupon (hall be applied in or towards Payment of any JHtpaid or undifenarged Shares of fuch licenfed Perfon mentioned in dbc faid Bond, and the Surplus thereof (hall be applied as the fagl

Commiffioners

53° GEO-III.

C. 65*

«U

Commiffioners of Hit Majefty's Treafury or any TKre? or more of them may dired or appoint: Provided always, tnat it (hall be lawful for the laid Comnumoners of Stamps in Ireland to nominate and appoint fome Perfon in England (being an Officer under the Com-tniffioners of Stamps, or Managers and Dire&ors of the Lottery in England) y before whom any Perfon requiring a Licence for Ireland may appear perfonally, and execute the Bond hereinbefore mentioned, and do and perform all other things neceflary for obtaining the fame : Provided always, that if any Perfon (hall have been appointed for this Service under any former Ad, it ikatt be confidered as a valid Appointment under this Ad, until the Commiffioners of Stamps (hall think fit to revoke the fame, or appoint fome other Perfon for the Purpofes aforefaid.

* XXXV. And Whereas many evil difpofed Perfons, to evade the

*	Provifions of the Ads made to punifti Perfons guilty of infuring 4 for or agasnft the Drawing of Tickets, more particularly defcribeu

*	in this Ad, have empowered and authorised, and do empower and 4 avtthorife Agents for them to take Money for fuch illegal Contrads, ■ and have in their Cuftody or PofTeffion, Account or Accounts,

*	Statement or Statements, Memorandum or Memorandums in Writing 4 of fuch illegal Contrads entered intoBe it therefore enadeo.

That upon Information upon Oath made before any Magiftrate Or Lottery In-Juftice of the Peace, dating any Perfon to be a reputed Lottery surer* in whoso lnfurer, and in t|ie Opinion of the Informer to be in pofTeffion of	.

Books, Papers of* Memorandums of illegal Contrads entered into relating to Lottery Infurances, it (hall be lawful for, and fuch ar6 found, Magiftrate or Juftice of the Peace is hereby required to iflue his shall be punish-Warrant, direded to a Conftable or Officer of Police, to empower edss Revues him with proper Affiftance to fearch the Perfon of the (aid reputed Vagabonds. Lottery lnfurer, to enter the Dwelling Place and Premifes of fuch Perfon, and fearch for and feize all fuch Papers, Accounts or Memorandums ; and if any fuch be found either upon fuch or any other'

•Perfon or Perfons in the fame Dwelling Place, or in or about the fame Dwelling Place or Premifes, or if any Memorandums of Infurance in the Lottery or Little Goe (hould be found at the time of ‘ fuch Search, written in Chalk or otherwife upon or about the Dwelling Place or Premifes, then to apprehend and bring the faid Perfon or Perfonsagainft whom fuch Warrant (hall have been iflued, with fuch Perfon or Perfons upon whom fuch Lottery or Little Goe Infurance Papers, Accounts or Memorandums were found, before Two Magistrates or Juftices of the Peace, and upon Proof before them by Two credible Witnefles upon Oath that fuch Papers, Accounts or * Memorandums do appear to the beft of their Knowledge and Belief ' to relate to the Little Goe, or to Infurance in the Lottery or in ' the Little Goe, or upon Proof in like manner that fuch Memorandums were written in Chalk or otherwife on or about the Pramifes of the Perfon againft whom fuch Warrant (hall have been iflued, which could not be brought away without injuring the Premifes, fuch Perfon or Perfons are to be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and puniflied as fuch.

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That upon the Hearing of Information any Cafe before any Magiftrate*, where it (hall be imputed that any on Oath not Perfon or Perfons is or are become Rogue and- Vagabond, or Rogues and Va^abqpds, by the committing of any Offence jlefaribed

416

£.65.

5B° GEO. III.

A.D; 1819.

On Complaint on Oath of Offences against this Act whereby the Parties may be liable to Punishment as Rogues, Justices may authorise Per-sons to break open Houses,

Persona die* covered in such Houses concerned in carrying on illegal Trans-uctio&s, to be punished aa Rogues.

Penalty on

aiiucting

Officers.

ft7 Os J. c. X. 4* 0. J. c. XX9*

in this Ad, H (ball not be permitted to produce any Information upon Oath, whether the fame {hall have been filed or not.

LVI. And be it further enaded, That upon Complaint or Inform* ation made upon Oath, before any Juftice or Justices of the Peace, of any Offence committed againft this Ad in any Houfe or Place within the Jurifdidion of any Juftice or Juft ices, whereby any of the Offenders may be liable to Puniftiment as Rogues and Vagabonds, it {hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Juftice or Juftices before whom fuch Oath {hall be taken, if . he or they (hall judge it reasonable, by fpecial Warrant under his or their refpedive Hands and Seals, to authorise and empower any Perfon or Perfons, by Day or by Night, but if in-the Night Time then in the Prefence of a Con liable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, who are hereby required to be aiding or aflifting therein, to break open the Doors or any Part of fuch Houfe or Place where fuch Offence (haH have been committed, and to enter into fuch Houfe or Place, and to feize and apprehend all fuch Offenders, and all other Perfons who (hall be difcovered in fuch Houfe or Place, and who (hall have knowingly aided or affifted, or been anywife concerned with any fuch Offender or Offenders, in committing any fuch Offence, and to convey them before any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Divifion, City, Liberty or Place wherein fuch Perfon (hall be fo apprehended, to be dealt with according to Law as aforefaid; and alt Perfons who (hall be difcovered in fuch Houfe or Place, knowingly aiding, aflifting or in anywife concerned with fuch Offender or Offenders, in carrying on any Tranfadion refpe&ing the faid Lotteries or either of them, contrary to the exprefs Prp-vifions of this Ad, (hall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and punilhable as fuch in the Manner direded by this Ad, as the Cafe may require; and it (hall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers •having the Execution of fuch Warrant, and all other Perfons ading in his or their Aid or Affiftance, to flop, arreft and detain all and every the Perfon and Perfons fo difcovered in fuch Houfe or Place, tod to convey the faid Perfon or Perfons before fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace as aforefaid ; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall forcibly obftrud, oppofe, moleft or hinder any fuch Officer or Officers, or others acting in his or their Aid or Amftance, in the due Execution of their Duty, or in the due entering into fuch Houfe or Place, or in the feizing, detaining or conveying before fuch Juftice or Juftkes any fuch Offender or Offenders, or other Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon fo obftru&ing, oppofing, molefting or hindering as aforefaid, (hall be deemed an Offender againft Law and the public Peace, and the Court before whom any fuch Offender Audi be tried and convi&ed (hall and may order fuch Offender to be fined, imprifoned and publicly whipped, as iu their Difcrction (hall be thought fit.

4 LVII. And Whereas Doubts have arifen whether under and by 4 former Ads paffed from time to time, for granting to Pus 4 Majefty a Sum of Money to be raifed by Lotteries, ana the Ads 4 commonly called Little Got A81 of the Twenty feventh Year of 4 His prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 to render more effeSual the Laws now in being for fopprefling unlawful Lotteries, and of the Forty fecond Year of His* prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 to f^fPrefs certain (pomes and. Lotteries, not authored fo Law, the Wsgd

44 Place**

AD. 1819.

59* GEO. III.

C. 65.

417

•	u Place” mentioned in the faid Ads refpe&ively was meant to

*	defcribe any Place ufed for the purpofe of drawing the illegal ‘ Lottery called Little Got, or for Purpofes of Infurance in the Lot-

•	tenr or Little Goe, or in anywife relating thereto, be the fame an

*	inclofed Building or notit is therefore hereby declared and ena&ed, That the Word 44 Place,” when and where the fame is mentioned and ufed in this and the faid federal above recited A&s relating to the drawing of the faid illegal Lottery called Little Goes or the affembling of Perfons for any of the illegal Purpofes mentioned therein, or for the purpofe of Little Goe or Lottery Infurance, fhall be taken to extend to and mean any Place in or out of an inclofed Building or Premifes, whether upon Land or Water, where fuch illegal Pra&i ces, or any thing relating thereto, fhall be carried on or attempted to be carried on.

LXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon (hall be brought before any Two or more Juftices of the Peace for the County, Cky, Liberty or Place where any Offence againft this A61 fhall have been committed, and fhall be convi&ed of any Offence or Offences againft this A€t by fuch Juftices, and fhall be adjudged a Rogue and Vagabond, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Juftices fhall and they are hereby required to order fuch Offender to be fent to the Houfe of Corre&ion, there to remain for any Space of time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor lefs than One Calendar Month, but which Terms of Imprifonment fhall always be to a Day or time beyond the final Period of the Drawing of the Lottery in refpe& whereof fuch Offence fhall be committed; and if fuch Penon fhall have been convi&ed of a like Offence under this or any former AGt for granting to His Majefty any Sum of Money to be raifed by Lotteries, then and in that Cafe, in addition to the Imprifonment and Punifhment laft mentioned, it fhall be lawful for fuch Two or more Juftices as aforefaid, at their Difcretion, to order the Offender or Offenders to be privately whipped; and any fuch Adjudication or Conviction under this A61 may be in the Form following, mutatis mutandis, (that is to fay).

'Hie Word * PI**” in-tended to mean, any Place whatever.

Offenders adjudged Rogues and Vagabond* may be com-

*^2“ | To the Keeper of

*	TX^HEREAS A. B. of	in the County of Mid-

4	dlefexy	is	this	Day duly convi&ed before us, C. D. and

‘ E. F. Two of the Juftices of our Lord the King aifigned to

*	keep the Peace of our faid Lord the King in ana for the faid 4 County, and alfo to hear and determine divers Felonies, Trefpaffes, 4 add other Mifdemeanors committed within the faid County, for

*	that he the faid A. B. at	in	the

4 (aid County, on the	Day	t>f

4 \Jlate the Offence'] againft the Form of the Statute made in the Fifty 4 ninth Year of the Keign of our.faid Lord the Kang, intituled An 4 A3 for granting to His Majefy a Sum of Money to he raifed by Lot-4 teriei / and the faid A. B. having for fuch Offence been adjudged a

*	Rogue and Vagabond by us the faid Juftices within the Intent and

4 Meaning of the faid Statute, we do order that the faid A. B. be 4 committed, and the faid A. B, is hereby by us accordingly com-4 mitted to the Houfe of Corre&ion at	•	-

*	in and for the faid County of Middlefex, there to remain for the

*	Space of	now	next

59 Geo. III.	Ee	4 enfuing:

418

A.D. 1819.

Proceedings not removable by Certiorari.

4* O.3. c. 73.

No Child to be employed in Cotton spinning, ftc. under Nine Yean of Age.

No Person under Sixteen Yean of Age, to be employed snore than it Hours.

Hours of Meal time.

Time to be made up by accidental Intermission after the Rate of an additional Hour per Day.

Ceilings, Ac. cleansed Twice a Year.

C.65,60.	59*	GEO,	III,

*	enfuing : And we do hereby require the Keeper of the £aid Houfe

*	of Correftion to receive into his Cuftody the Body of the faid A. B. 4 herewith fent, and him to fafely keep and detain in the faid Houfe

*	of Correftion accordingly. Given under our Hands and Seals, et 4 cetera, et cetera.’

And fuch Proceedings (hall not be fubjeft to Appeal, nor (hall be removed or removable by Certiorari or otherwise into any Court whatever.

CAP. LXVL An Aft to make further ProviGons for the Regulation of Cotton Mills and Faftories, and for the better Prefervation of the Health of young Perfons employed therein. [2d July 1819.3

WHEREAS an Aft was made in the Forty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for the 4 Prefervation of the Health and Morals of Apprentices and others employed 4 in Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Fadories: And 4 Whereas it is expedient that fome further Provifion (hould be made 4 for the Regulation of Mills, Manufaftories and Buildings, employed 4 in the Preparation and fpinning of Cotton WoolBe it therefore enafted by The King's Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, no Child (hall be employed in any Defcription of Work, for the fpinning of Cotton Wool into Yarn, or in any previous Preparation of fuch Wool, until he or (he (hall have attained the full Age of Nine Years.

II.	And be it further enafted. That no Perfon, being under the Age of Sixteen Years, (hall be employed in any Defcription of Work whatfoever, in (pinning Cotton Wool into Yarn, or in the previous Preparation of nich Wool, or in the cleaning or repairing of any Mill, Manufaftory or Building, or any Mulwork or Machinery therein, for more than Twelve Hours in any one Day, exduGve of the necefiary time for Meals; fuch Twelve Hours to be between the Hours of Five o’Clock in the Morning and Nine o’Clock in the Evening.

III.	And be it further enafted. That there (hall be allowed to every fuch Perfon, in the courfe of every Day, not lefs than Half an Hour to Breakfaft, and not lefs than One full Hour for Dinner; fuch Hour for Dinner to be between the Hours of Eleven o’Clock in Forenoon and Two o’Clock in the Afternoon.

IV.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enafted. That if at any time, in any fuch Mill, Manufaftory or Buildings as are fituated upon Streams of Water, time (hall be loft in confequence of the Want of a due Supply, or of an Excefs of Water, then and in every fuch Cafe, and fo often as the fame (hall happen, it (hall be lawful for the Proprietors of any fuch Mill, Manufaftory or Building, to extend the before mentioned time of daily Labour, after the Rate of one additional Hour per Day, until fuch loft time (hall have been made good, but no longer.

V.	Ana be it further enafted. That the Ceilings and interior Walls of every fuch Mill, Manufaftory or Building (hall be wa(hed with Quick Lime and Water Twice in every Year.

VI. And

AJX1819.

59pGEO.HL

419

C.66, 67.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That in a conspicuous Part of every Publication of fuch Mill, Manufadory or Building, a Copy of this Ad, or a full this Ad in and true Abftrad of the Regulations provided hereby, (hall be hung ev^7 Cotton up and affixed, and figned by the Proprietors, Manager or Overfeer

of fuch Mill, Manufadory or Building; and that fuch Copy or Abftrad (hall be kept and renewed, fo that the fame (hall be at all times legible.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That every Mailer or Miftrefs of Acting con-any fuch Cotton Mill, Manufadory or Building, who (hall wilfully ad tTWrJ10 Act* contrary to or offend againft any of the Provi(ions of this Ad, or any

of the Provifions of the above recited Ad, (hall for every fucn

Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty rounds, Penalty.

nor lefs than Ten Pounds, at the Difcretion of the Juftices before*

whom fuch Offender (hall-be convided ; One Half whereof (hall be Application of

paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Overfeers of the Penalties. a

Poor in England, to the Churchwardens in Ireland, and to the

Miniftm and Elders in Scotland, of the Parifh or Place where fuch

Offence (hall be committed; to be by them applied in aid of the

Poor Rate in England, and for the Benefit of the Poor in Ireland and

Scotland, of fuch Parifh or Place: Provided always, that all Inform- Limitation of

atioos for Offences againft the faid recited Ad or this Ad, (hall be Actions.

laid within Three Calendar Months fubfequently to the Offence being

committed, and not after the Expiration of fuch Three Calendar

Months: Provided alfo, that all Penalties inflided by this Ad (hall

be levied, recovered and applied in manner direded by the faid recited

Ad.

VIII.	And be it enaded, That this Ad (hall be deemed and Public Act taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of

as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. LXVII.

An Ad to continue, until the Thirtieth Day of July One thou*

(and eight hundred and twenty, an Ad of the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the effedual Examination of Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the Iflands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and in the Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope.

[2d July 1819.]

4 1X7HEREAS an Ad was paffed in the Fifty fourth Year of 54 G* 3* «• 184. ‘ W the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Afffor the i effeBual Examination of Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the 1 Colonial Revenues in the Iflands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta and 4 Trinidad, and in the Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope, for 4 Ftve Tears : And Whereas it is provided by the faid recited Ad, 5 is.

4 that the faid Ad (hould continue in force for Five Years, and no 4 longer: And Whereas it is expedient that the Powers and 4 Authorities conferred by the faid recited Ad (hould be further • continued Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual' and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembkdj and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Ad and all' Recited Act the Powers therein contained, (hall continue and be in force from the- continued;

Ee 2	Thirtieth

20	C. 67,68,69.	59°	GEO. IH.	A.D.	1819.

Thirtieth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen until the Thirtieth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.

‘ II. And Whereas by virtue of the laid recited Ad, Edmund + Henry Lu/hington, Edmund Bong, <ommonW called the Honourable 4 Edmund Byng, and Culling Charles Smith Enquires, were, by Letters 4 Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain and Ireland, bearing '* date the Twenty firft Day of January in the Fifty eighth Year

*	of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, appointed Commiffioners for ( the purpofe of examining the Accounts a/orefaid: And Whereas a 4 Secretary and other Officers, Clerks and other Perfons have alfo

*	been appointed by the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s

*	Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, 4 purfuant to the faid Ad, to aid and affift the Commiffioners:

*	And Whereas it is expedient that the Powers and Authorities with . 4 which the laid Commiffioners ate mveiled under the (aid recited

4 Ad and the faid Letters Patent fhouid be continued fo long as and also the 4 the (aid recited Ad (hall continue and be in force ;* Be it further Appointment of enaded, That the faid Letters Patent, and all other Appointments .wTnl£lH*1* *nad® in purfuance of the faid recked Ad, (hall be of the fame Force and Effed as if it had been enaded by the faid recited Ad that it (hould continue in force until the Twentieth Day of July One ’ thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and no longer.

CAP. LXVIIL An Ad for exonerating the Manor of Daivli/b in the County of Devon, from the ClAms of the Crown agaiqft the Eftate of John Inglett Fortefcue Efquire.	[ad	July	1819.]

44 13 Eliz. c.4. 25 G. 3. c. 35. recited. The Manor of Davuhjh, “ &c. exonerated from the Churns of the Crown againft the Eftate 44 of John Inglett Fortefcue.

CAP. LXIX.

An Ad to prevent the enliftingor Engagement of His Majefty’s Subjeds to ferve in Foreign Service, and the fitting out or equipping, in His Majefty’s Dominions, Veflels for Warlike Purpofes, without His Majefty’s Licence. [3d July 1819.]

4 TT 7 HE REAS the Enliftment or Engagement of His Majefty’s 4 W Subjeds to ferve in War in Foreign Service, without His 4 Majefty’s Licence, and the fitting out and equipping and arming of 4 Vefiek by His Majefty’s Subjeds, without His Majefty’s Licence,

4 for Warlike Operations in or againft the Dominions or Territories 4 of any Foreign Prince, State, Potentate or Perfons exercifing or 4 affuming to exercife the Powers of Government in or over any 4 Foreign Country, Colony, Province or Part of any Province, or 4 againft the Ships, Goods or Merchandife of any Foreign Prince,

4 State, Potentate or Perfons as aforefaid, or their Subjeds, may be 4 prejudicial to and tend to endanger the Peace and Welfare of this 4 Kingdom: And Whereas the Laws in force are not fufficieatly 4 effectual for preventing the fame:’ Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pigfcnt Parliament aflemMed, and by the Authority of 'the Dune, That from

md I

!

AD. 1819.	£9*	GEO.	IIL	C	69.	421

9	G.t. c 3<\.

»9 G. a. o. 17.

and after the paffinjg of this Aft, an Aft pafled in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Hit late Majefty King George the Second, intituled An AS to prevent the HJEng Hie Majeftft SubjeSs to ferve at Soldiers without Jits Majefy'jt Licence t and alio an A ft pafled in the Twenty

19 G. %. (I.)

Subjects enlist-ingor engaging to enlist or serve in Foreign Service, military or naval.

Imgf and tor better enforcing ,-,

m	the Ninth	Tear of Hit prefent Manejty’t Reign to prevent the eniijting

Hit Majejbft	StMeBtto ferve at Solaitrt without Hit Maje/bft Licence ;

and 1 for obliging Juch of His Madefy's SubjeSs as JbaU accept Commiflions k tie Scotch brigade in the Service of the States General of the United Provinces, to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration ; and alfo an Ad pafled in Ireland in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Hit faid n G. a, (I.) late Majefty King George the Second, intituled An A8 for the more effcSual preventing the en&fHng of His Mayfly's SubjeSs to ferve as Soldiers in Foreign Service without His Men Ay's Licence ; and alfo an Ad pafled in Ireland in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His hid late Majefty King George the Second, intituled An A3 for the more ffeEtual preventing His Msycjly's Subjeffs from entering into Foreign Service, andfor pubG/hing an A3 ofthe Seventh Tear of King William the Third, mtthded1 An A3 to prevent Foreign Education f and all and every the Claufes and Proviiions in the (aid leveral Afts contained, fhall be and the fame are hereby repealed*.

II.	And be it furtner declared and enafted* That if any natural bom Subjeft of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, without the Leave or Licence of His Majefty,. His Heirs or Succefiore, for that Purpofe firft had and obtained* under^ the Sign Manual of Hit Majefty, His Heirs or. Succeflbrs,^ or 'fignified by Order in Council, or by Proclamation of His Majefty* His Heirs or Sue-ceffort, (hall take or accept, or. fhall agree to take or accept, any Military Commiffion, or (hall otherwife enter into the Military Service as a Commiffioned or Non Commiffioned Officer, or fhall enlirc dr enter himfelf to enlift, or fhall agre£ to enlift or to enter hhnfelf to ferve as a Soldier, or to be employed or fhall (erve in any Warlike or Military Operation, in the Service of or for or under or in aid of any Foreign Prince, State, Potentate, Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, or of any Perfon or Perfons exercifing or afluming to exercife the Powers of Government in or over any Foreign Country, Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, either as an Officer or Soldier, or in any other Military Capacity ; or if any natural born Subjeft of His Majefty (hall, without iuen Leave or Licence as aforelaid, accept, or agree to take or accept, any Commiffion, Warrant or Appointment as an Officer, or fhall enlift or enter himfelf, or fhall agree to enlift or enter himfelf, to ferve as a Sailor or Marine, or to be employed or engaged, or fhall ferve in and on board any Ship or Veffel of War, or in and on board any Ship or Veflel ufed or fitted out, or equipped or intended to be uled for any Warlike Purpofe, in the Service of or for or under or in aid of any Foreign Power, Prince, State, Potentate, Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, or of any Perfon or Perfons exercifing or afluming to exercife the Powers of Government in or over any Foreign Country, Colony, Province or Part* of any Province or People 5 or if any natural born Subjeft of His Msyefty fhall, without fuch Leave and Licence as aforefaid, engage, contraft or agree to go, or (hall go

EeS	to

Accepting-

Commis-

■ion, Ac.

Engaging to gor or going into Foreign Countries with in-

422

C. 69*

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

tent to ei*.	to any Foreign State, Country, Colony, Province or Part of any

list, &c.	Province, or to any Place beyond the Seas, with an intent or in

order to enlift or enter himfeif to ferve, or with intent to ferve in any Warlike or Military Operation whatever, whether by Land or by Sea, in the Service of or for or under or in aid of any Foreign Prince, State, Potentate, Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, or in the Service of or for or under or in aid of any Perfon or Perfons exercifing or affuming to exercife the Powers of Government in or over any Foreign Country, Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, either as an Officer or a Soldier, or in any other Military Capacity, or as an Officer or Sailor, or Marine, in any fuch Ship or Veffel as aforefaid, although no enlifting Money or ray or Reward fhall have been or (hall be in any or either of the Cafes aforefaid actually paid to or received by him, or by any Perfon to or for his Retaining or Ufe or Benefit; or if any Perfon whatever, within the United pr^go*exs Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any Part of His Maiefty *8 to enlist, c. Dominions elfewhere, or in any Country, Colony, Settlement, lfland or Place belonging to or fubje& to His Majefty, (hall hire, retain, engage or procure, or (hall attempt or endeavour to hire, retain, engage or procure, any Perfon or Perfons whatever to enlift, or to enter or engage to enhft, or to ferve or to be employed in any fuch Service or Employment as aforefaid, as an Officer, Soldier, Sailor or Marine, either in Land or Sea Service, for or under or in aid of any Foreign Prince, State, Potentate, Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, or for or under or in aid of any Perfon or Perfons exercifing or affuming to exercife any PowerB of Government as aforefaid, or to go or to agree to go or embark from any Part of His Majefty’s Dominions, for the purpofe or with intent to be fo enlifted, entered, engaged or employed as aforefaid, whether any enlifting Money, Pay or Reward (hall have been or fhall be a&ually given or received, or not 5 in any or either of fuch Cafes, every Perfon fo offending (hall be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor, and upon being convi&ed thereof, upon any Information or Indi&ment, fhall be punifhable by Fine and Imprisonment, or either of them, at the Dif-cretion of the Court before which fuch Offender (hall be convi&ed.

III.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing in this A A contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to render any Perfon or Perfons liable to any Punifhment or Penalty under tnis A&, who at any time before tile Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, within any Part of the United Kingdom, or of the-I (lands ©f Jerfey, Guemfey, Alderney or Sark, or at any time before the Firft Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, in any Part or Place out of the United Kingdom, or of the faid Iflands, (hall have taken or accepted, or agreed to take or accept any Military Commifiion, or (hall have otherwise enlifted into any Military Service as a Commiffioned or Non Commiffioned* Officer, or fhall have enlifted, or entered himfeif to* enlift, or fhall have agreed to enlift or to enter himfeif to ferve as a Soldier, or (hall have ferved, or having fo ferved (hall, after the faid Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, continue to ferve m any Warlike or Military Operation, either as .an Officer or Soldier, or in any other Military Capacity, or (hall have accepted, or agreed to take or accept any Commiffion, Warrant or Appointment as an Officer, or fhall have enlifted or entered himfeif to ferve, or (hall have ferved, or having fo

ferved

Misdemeanor.

Proviso for Persons enlisted or serving before the times herein specified.

A .D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.69.

423

ferrcd (hall continue to ferve as a Sailor or Marine, or (hall have been employed or engaged, or (hall have ferved, or having fo ferved (hall, after the (aid Firft Day of Augujl, continue to ferve in and on board any Ship or Veffel of War, ufed or fitted out, or equipped or intended for any Warlike Purpofe; or (hall have engaged, or contracted or agreed to go, or (hall have gone to, or having fo gone to (hall, after the (aid Firft Day of Augujt, continue in any Foreign State, Country,. Colony, Province or Part of a Province, or to or in any Place beyond the Seas, unlefs fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall embark at or proceed from fome Port or Place within the United Kingdom, or the Iflands of Jerfey, Guemfey, Alderney or Sari, with intent to ferve as an Officer, Soldier, Sailor or Marine, contrary to the Proviiions of this Aft, after the faid Firft Day of Augujl, or (hall embark or proceed from fome Port of Place out of the United Kingdom, or the Iflands of Jerfey, Guemfey, Alderney or Sark, yrrth fuch Intent as aforefaid, after the faid Firft Day of November, or who (hall, before the palling of this Aft, and witlun the faid United Kingdom, or the hid Iflands, or before the Firft Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, isi any Port or Place out of the faid United Kingdom, or the faid Iflands, have hired, retained, engaged or procured, or attempted or endeavoured to hire, retain, engage or procure, any Perfon or Perfons whatever, to enlift or to enter, or to engage to enlift or to ferve, or be employed in any fuch Service or Employment as aforefaid, as an Officer, Soldier, Sailor or Marine, either in Land or Sea Service, or to go, or agree to go or embark for the purpofe or with the intent to be fo enlifted, entered or engaged; or employed, contrary to the Prohibitions refpeftively in this Aft contained, anjr thing in this Aft contained to the contrary in anywife aotwithftanding; but that all and every fuch Perfons and Perfon (hall be in fuch State and Condition, and no other, and (hall be liable to fuch Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures and Difabilities, and none other, as fuch Perfon or Perfons was or were liable and fubjeft to before the palling of this Aft, and as fuch Perfon or Perfons would have been in, and been Hable and fubjeft to, in cafe this. Aft and the faid recited Afts by this Aft repealed had not been palled or made.

IV.	And be it further enafttd, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Jultice of the Peace redding at or near to any Port or Place within' the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, where any Offence made punifliable by this Aft as a Mifdemeanor (hall be committed, on Information on oath of any fuch Offence, to iffue his Warrant for the Apprehenfion of the Offender, and to caufe him to be brought before mch Juftice, or any Juftice of the Peace ; and it (hall be lawful for the Juftice of the reace before whom fuch Offender (hall be brought, to examine into the Nature of the Offence upon oath, and to commit fuch Perfon to Gaol, there to remain until delivered by due Courfe of Law, unlefs fuch Offender (hall give Bail, to the Satisfaftion of the faid Juftice, to appear and anfwer to any Information or Indiftment to be preferred againft him, according to Law, for the faid Offence ; ana that all fuch Offences which lhall be committed within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, (hall and may be proceeded and tried in His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench at IVeJlminJlcr, and the Venue in fuch Cafe laid at Wejbunfier, or at the Amzes or Selfion of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter or General Seffions of the

Ee 4	Peace

Justices to issue Warrantsfor the Apprehension of Offenders.

Where Offences shall be tried.

424

59° GEO. 1IL

AJX18I9.

Where Offence committed out of United Kingdom, Justice to issue Warrant for Apprehension of Offender.

Vessels with Persons on board engaged in Foreign Service, may be detained at any Port in His Majesty’s Dominions.

Of what Facts and Circum-

C. 69*

Peace in and for the County or Place where fuch Offence was committed ; and that all fuch Offerees which fhall be committed within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, fhall and may be profecuted in His Majefty’s Court of King’s Bench at Dublin, and the Venue be laid at Dublin, or at any Amzes or Seffion of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter or General Seffions of the Peace in and for the County or Place where fuch Offence was committed; and all fuch Offences as fhall be committed in Scotland* fhall and may be profecuted in the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, or any other Court competent to try Criminal Offences committed within the County, Shire or Stewartry within which fuch Offence was committed; and where any Offence made punifhable by this Ad as a fyfifdemeanor fhall be committed out of the faid United Kingdom, it fhall be lawful for any Juflice of the Peace reOding near to the Port or Place where fuch Offence fhall be committed, on Information on oath of any fuch Offence, to iffue his Warrant for the Apprehenfion of the Offender, and to caufe him to be brought before fuch Juflice, or any other Juflice of the Peace for fuch Place ; and it fhall be lawful for the Juflice of the Peace before whom fuch Offender fhall be brought, to examine into the Nature of the Offence upon oath, and to commit fuch Perfon to Gaol, there to remain till delivered by due Courfe of Law, or otherwise to hold fuch Offender to bail to anfwer for fuch Offence in the Superior Court, competent to try and having Jurifdi&ion to try Criminal Offences committed in fuch Port or Place *, and all fuch Offences committed at any Place out of the faid United Kingdom fhall and may be profecuted and tried in any Superior Court of His Maiefty’s Dominions, competent to try, and naving Jurisdiction to try Criminal Offences committed at the Place where fuch Offence fhall be committed.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Ship or’Veffel in any Port or Place within His Majefty’s Dominions, fhall have on board any fuch Perfon or Perfons who fhall have been enlifled or entered to ferve, or fhall have engaged or agreed or been procured to enlifl or enter or ferve, or who fhall be departing from His Majefty’s Dominions for the purpofe and with the intent of enlifling or entering to ferve, or to be employed, or of ferving or being engaged or employed in the Service of any Foreign Pnnce, State or Potentate, Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, or of any Perfon or Perfons exercifing or affuming to exercife the Powers of Government in or over any Foreign Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, either as an Officer, Soldier, Sailor or Marine, contrary to the Provifions of this A<51, it fhall be lawful for any of the principal Officers of His Majefly’s Cuftoms where any fuch Officers of the Cuftoms fhall be, and in any Part of His Majefty’s Dominions in which there are no Officers of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, for any Governor or Perfons having the Chief Civil Command, upon Information on oath given before them refpe&ively, which Oath they are hereby refpe&ively authorised and empowered to admi-nifler, that fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid is or are on board fuch Ship or Veffel, to detain and prevent any fuch Ship or Veffel, or to caufe fuch Ship or Veffel to be detained and prevented from proceeding to Sea oh her Voyage with fuch Perfons as aforefaid on board: Provided neverthelefs, that no principal Officer, Governor or Perfon, fhall ad as aforefaid, upon fuch Information upon oath as aforefaid,

unlefs

A. D. 1319.

59° GEO. Ill*

C. 69.

425

itakfs the Party To informing (hall not only have depofed in fuch stance* Oath is

Information that the Perfon or Perfona on board fuch Ship or Veflel to

hath or hare been enlifted or entered to ferve, or hath or have engaged

or agreed or been procured to enlift or enter or ferve, or is or are

departing as aforefaid, for the purpofe and with the intent of enlift-

iag or entering to ferve or to be employed, or of ferving, or being

engaged or employed in fuch Service as aforefaid, but |fhsul alfo have *

let forth in fuch Information upon oath, the Fads or Circumftancea

upon which he forma his Knowledge or Belief, enabling him to rive

inch Information upon oath ; and that all and every Perfon and Per-

fonsconvided of wilfully falfe fwearing in any fuch Information upon

oath, (hall be deemed guilty of and fuffer the Penalties on Perfons

ccnvi&ed of wilful and corrupt Penury.

VI. And be it further eroded, That if any Mafter or other Perfon Masters of haring or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Veflel, in Ships, Ac. ay Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Jrehdd, or in 011 ay Part of His Majefty’s dominions beyond the Seas, ihall know-mgly and willingly take on board, or if fuch Mafter or other Perfon thU Aft haring the Command of any fuch Ship or Veflel, or any Owner or Owners of any fuch Ship or Veflel, (hall knowingly engage to take on board any Perfon or Perfons who ihall have been enlifted or entered to fanre, or (hall have engaged or agreed or bee	*	a

enlift or enter or ferve, or who ihall be departing from	s

Dominions for the purpofe and with the intent of enlifting or entering to ferve, or to be employed, or of ferving, or being engaged or employed in any Naval or Military Service, contrary to the Proviflons of this Ad,, fuch Mafter or Owner or other Perfon as aforefaid ihall Penalty, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each and every fuch Perfon fo taken or engaged to be taken on board; and moreover every fuch Ship or Veflel, fo having on board, conveying, carrying or tnnfporting any fuch Perfon or Perfons, ihall and may be feized and detained by the Colledor, Comptroller, Surveyor or other Officer of the Cuftoms, until fuch Penalty or Penalties ihall be iatisfied and paid, or until fucli Mafter or Perfon, or the Owner or Owners of fuch Ship or Veflel ihall give good and fufficient Bail, by Recognifance before One of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace, for the Payment of fuch Penalty or Penalties.

VII. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon, within any Ptenoos fitting Part of the United Kingdom, or in any Part of His Majefty’s Do- out annad minions beyond the Seas, ihall, without the Leave and Licence of Vessel* to aid in His Majefty for that Purpofe firft had and obtained as aforefaid, Mllitary<Je-eqoip, furaiih, fit out or arm, or attempt or endeavour to equip, fnrntfti, fit out or arm, or procure to be equipped, furniihed, fitted without limit or armed, or ihall knowingly aid, affift or be concerned in the cenoe; equipping, funuihing, fitting out or arming of any Ship or Veflel with intent or in order that fuch Ship or Veflel ihall be^ employed in the Service of any Foreign Prince, State or Potentate, or of any Foreign Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, or of any Perfon or rerfons exerciling or afluming to exercife any Powers of Government in or over any Foreign State, Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, as a Tranfport or Store Ship, or with intent to cruize or commit Hoftilities againft any Prince, State or Potentate, or againft the Subjeds or Citizens of any Prince, State «r Potentate, or againft the Perfons exercifing or afluming to exercife

the

426

C.69:

69° GEO. Ill

A.D. 1819.

or issuing

Commissions for Ships.

Misdemeanor.

Ship, Ac. forfeited.

Officers of Customs and Excise may seise.

Aiding the Warlike Equip-jnent of Vessels of Foreign States, Ac.

Misdemeanor.

Ac Power# of Government in any Colony, Province or Part of any Province or Country, or againft the Inhabitants of any Foreign Colony, Province or Part of any Province or Country, with whom His Majefty (hall not then be at War; or (hall, within the United Kingdom, or any of His Majefty’s Dominions, or in any Settlement, Colony, Territory, Kland or Place belonging or fubjeCt to His Majefty, iffue or deliver any Commiffion for any Ship or Veflel, to the intent that fuch Ship or Veflel (hall be employed as aforefaid, every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall be deemed guilty of a Mifde-meanor, and (hall, upon Convi&ion thereof, upon any Information or Indi&ment, be punifhed by Fine and Imprifonment, or either of them, at the Difcretion of the Court in which fuch Offender (hall be convicted; and every fuch Ship or Veflel, with the Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, together with all the Materials, Arms, Ammunition and Stores, which may belong td or be on board of any fuch Ship or Veflel, (hall be forfeited; and it (hall be lawful for any Officer of His Majefty’s Cuftoms or Excife, or any Officer of His Majefty’s Navy, who is by Law empowered to make Seizures, for any Forfeiture incurred under any of the Laws of Cuftoms or Excife, or the Laws of Trade and Navigation, to feize fuch Ships and Veflels aforefaid, and in fuch Places and in fuch Manner in which the Officers of His Majefty’s Cuftoms or Excife and the Officers of His Majefty’s NaVy are empowered refpe&ively to make Seizures under the Laws of Cuftoms and Excife, dr under the Laws of Trade and Navigation ; and that every fuch Ship and Veflel, with the Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, together with all the Materials, Arms, Ammunition and Stores which may belong to or be on board of fuch Ship or Veflel, may be profecuted and condemned in the like manner, and in fuch Courts as Ships or Veflels may be profecuted and condemned for any Breach of the Laws made for the Protection of the Revenues of Cuftoms and Excife, or of the Laws of Trade and Navigation.

VIII. And be it further enaCied, That if any Perfon in any Pvt of the United Kingdom of Gircat Britain and Ireland, or in any Part of His Majefty’s Dominions beyond the Seas, without the Leave and Licence of Hit Majefty for that Purpofe foil had and obtained as aforefaid, (hall, by adding to the Number of the Guns of fuch Veflel, or by changing thofe on board for Other Guns, or by the Addition of any Equipment for War, increafe or augfoent, or procure to be increased or augmented, or (hall be knowingly concerned in increafing or augmenting the Warlike Force of any Ship or Veflel of War or Craizer, or other armed Veflel, which at the time of her Arrival in any Part of the United Kingdom, or any of His Majefty’s Dominions, bras a Ship of War, Cruizer or Armed Veflel in the Service of any Ffoeign Prince, State or Potentate, or of any Perfon or Perform exerCifing or affuming to exercife any Powers of Government in or over any Colony, Province* or Part’of any Province or People belonging to tie Subjects of any fuch Prince, State or Potentate, or to the Inhabitants ot any Colony, Province dr Part of any Province or Country under the Controul of any Perfon or Perfons fo exercifing or affuming to exercife the Powers of Government, every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall be deemed guilty of a Mffdemeanor, and (hall, upon being conviCted thereof, upon any Information or Indictment, be puniraed by Fine and Imprifonment, or either of them, at the Difcretion of tie Court before whickfuch Offender (hall be convicted*

IX. And

A.D.1M,

69* GEO-IIL

C. 69,70-

427

IX- And be it further enafted, That Offence* made puniffiable by the ProvifionB of this Aft, committed out of the United Kingdom, maybe profecuted and tried in His Majjcfty’s Court of King's Bench at Wejhmnjltr, and the Venue in fuch Cafe laid at WeRminffcr, in the Comity of Mtddkfex.

X. And be it further enafted, That any Penalty or Forfeiture infilled by this Aft, may be profecuted, fued for and recovered, by Aftkm of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majefty's Courts of Record at WcftmmJUr or Dublin, or in the Court of Exchequer, or in the Court of Seifion in Scotland, in the Name of His Majefty’s Attorney General for England or Ireland, or His Majefbjr's Advocate for Scotland refpeftively, or in the Name of any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever; wherein no Effoign, Proteftion, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance (hall be allowed; and in every Aftion or Suit the Perfon againft whom Judgment (hall be riven for any Penalty or Forfeiture under this Aft ftnul pay Double Coils of Suit; and every fuch Aftion or Suit (hall and may be brought at any time witnin Twelve Months after the Offence committed, and not afterwards ; and One Moiety of every Penalty to be recovered by virtue of this Aft Shall go and be applied to His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, and the other Moiety to the Ufe of fuch Perfon or Perfons as ihall firft fue for the fame, after deduft-ingthe Charges of Profecution from the whole-

XI- And be it further enafted. That if any Aftion or Suit (hall be commenced, either in Great Britain or elfewhere, againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in purfuanee of this Aft, aU Roles and Regulations, Privileges and Proteftions, aB to maintaining sr defending any Suit or Aftion, and pleading therein, or any Cofts thereon, in relation to any Afts, Matters or Things done, or that my be done by any Officer of Cuftotns or Excife, or by any Officer sf His Majefty's Navy, under any Aft of Parliament in force on or immediately before the paffing of this Aft, for the Proteftion of the Revenues of Cuftoms and Excife, or Prevention of Smuggling, fail apply and be in full Force in any futh Aftion or Suit as mail be brought for any thing done in purfuanee of this Aft, in as full and mole a manner to ail Intents and Purpofes as if the fame Privilege* aid Proteftion* were repeated and re-enafted in this Aft.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to fubjeft to any Penalty any Perfon who (hall enter into the Military Service of any Prince, State or Potentate in rifyfc, with Leave or Licence, figttwd in the ufuai manner, from the Governor General in Council, or Vice Prefrdent m Council, of Fort William in Bengal, or in conformity with any Orders or Regulations iffued or fanftioned by fuch Governor General or Vice Preudent in Council.

Offences committed out of the Kingdom may be tried at Westminster.

How Penalties sued for and

Double Coats.

Limitation of Actions-

Former Rules established by Law to be applied to Actions

pursuance of this Act.

Penalties not to extend to Person* entering into Military Service in Asia.	•

CAP. LXX.

An Aft to repeal certain A£b of the Parliament of regarding Duelling.	[3d July 1819.]

‘ ‘fTTHEREAS an Aft was palled by the Parliament of Scot- Junes 6.

' W land, in the Sixteenth Parliament of Hit Majefty King Psrl. 16. e. ii. ‘ Jamet the Sixth, intituled Anent Singular	r,whereby it m

* ftatute and ordained, * that no perfon in Tyme comming without

‘ His

4

4,28

C. 70,71.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.I81*.

William, lit Part c. 35.

repealed.

46 G. 3. c. 31,

Monies heretofore issued to Commi—ioners to continue to be issued and placed to their Account.

ia,ooo,oooL to be advanced by the Commis-donen in Quarterly Payments of the Amount herein mentioned.

*	His Heighnefs Licence fight any lingular Combat, under the Paine 4 of Death, and his movable Geare efcheat to His Heighnefs Ufefc 4 and the Provoker to be punilhed with a more ignominious Death

*	nor the Defender, at the Pleafure of His Majeily And Whereat 4 by another Ad of the Parliament of Scotland, pafled in the Sixth 4 Seffion of the Firft Parliament of the Reign of His Majefty, intituled 4 AS agamjl Duel*, it is enaded, 4 that whofoever. Principal or 4 Second, or other interpofed Perfon, £ives a Challenge to fight a 4 Duel or linglc Combat, or whofoever accepts the fame, or who-4 foever, either Principal or Second on either Side, engages therein, 4 albeit no fighting enfue, (hall be punilhed by the Pain of Baniih-4 ment and Elcheat of Movables, without prejudice to the Ad already

*	made againft the fighting of DuelsAnd Whereas it is expedient 4 that the faid recited Ads Ihould be repealedBe it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and b▼ the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Ad the laid recited Ads (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed-

CAP. LXXI.

An Ad for railing a Loan of Twelve Millions from the Com-miflioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt.

[6th July 1819.3

4 Moft Graeious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Ad paffed in the Twenty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for vedmg 4 certain Sum* in Commijponert at the End of every Quarter of a Tear,

4 to be by them applied to the ReduSion of the National Debt: And 4 Whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain 4 and Ireland in Parliament aflembled, towards railing the neceflary 4 Supplies, have refolved, that the Sum of Twelve Millions be railed 4 by Annuities in manner hereinafter mentioned: And Whereas the 4 Commiffioners under the faid recited Ad of the Twenty fixth 4 Year aforefaid have agreed to fubfcribe the faid Sum of Twelve 4 Millions:’ May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaded, and be it enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all the Monies which have heretofore been iflued, or are required or direded by any Ad or Ads of Parliament to be iflued to the faid Commiffioners for the RedU&ion of the National Debt, Ihall continue to be iflued and placed to the Account of the faid Commiffioners as heretofore.

II. And be it further enaded. That the faid Commiffioners Hull and they are hereby required, out of the Monies which Ihall be iffoed and carried to their Account after the paffing of this Ad, to order and dired their Agent or Agents, or proper Officers, to pay into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer on account of the uud Loan of Twelve Millions, lb agreed to be fubfcribed and advanced by the faid Commiffioners, the Sum of Two millions feven hundred thoufand Pounds in each of the refpedive Quarters of the Year ending oa the Tenth Day of O&ober One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.71.

429

the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and twenty refpeftively, and the Sum of Three millions three hundred thoufand Pound* in each of the refpeftive Quarters of the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, is fnch Proportion, and at fuch times in each of fuch refpeftive Quarters as the Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of His Majjefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, fhafi order and direft: Provided always, that no larger Sum in eacn Quarter than is before fpedfied, and no further Sum in the whole than Twelve Millions (hall be fo paid and advanced by the faid Com-miffioners.

III. And be it further enafted, That for every One hundred Pounds of the faid Sum of Twelve Millions fo paid, advanced and contributed by the faid Commiffioners as aforefaid, the Principal Sum of Sixty two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight pence in Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds' per Centum, to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and to be added to and made One Joint Stock with certain Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, which were reduced from Four Pounds to Three Pounds per Centum by an Aft made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majefty, and to be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England at the fame time and in the fame manner, and fubjeft to the like Redemption, as the (aid Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities $ and the further Principal Sum of Eighty Pounds in Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, to commence from the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and to be added to and made One Joint Stock with the Three Pounds per Centum Annuities coofolidated by the Afts of the. Twenty fifth, Twenty eighth. Twenty ninth. Thirty fecond, and Thirty third Years of the Reign of His late Majefty filing George the Second, and by feveral fubfe-quent Afts, and to .be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England at the fame time and in the fame manner, and fubjeft to the like Redemption, as the faid Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Annuities; which faid refpeftive Annuities (hall be made capital Stock in the Names of the faid Copimiffioners ; and the Dividends payable thereon (hall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any other Duties and Revenues which (hall be appropriated for that Purpofe by any Aft or Afts of this prefent Seffion of Parliament; and fuch Capital Stock and the Annuities arifiug therefrom (hall be deemed Part of the Stock and Annuities applicable by the faid Commiffioners to the Purpofes of the Sinking Fuad, and Annual Sums (hall be iflued for the Redemption thereof, as a Sinking Fund, according to the Provifions of an Aft, palled in the Thirty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS fo render more ejffieSual an AS made in the Twenty jixth Tear ef Hit prefent Majejly*t Reign, intituled * An AS for veiling certain 4 Sums in Ctmmiffumert at the End of every Quarter of a Tear, to be by 4 them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, and to dvreS the 4 Application of an additional Sum to the ReduSion of the faid Debt in ( cafe of future Loant,9 and of another Aft palled in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to alter

and

For every iooL so advanced, the Commissioners entitled to 6al. 18a. 8<L Reduced Annuities, and 8oL in 3 per Cent Consols.; the Dividends payable thereon applicable to Sinking Fund.

31Q. 3- e ss-

53 0.3. e. 35.

A

+30

A-D.181&

Officer of Exchequer to give Receipts for Payments, and when the Whole of Loan paid, Receipts to be deposited with Account-ant of Bank.

Application of the Money.

.is. per lb. of Tobacco delivered out of Warehouse for Manufacture,

C.71,72.	59P	GECX Ilk

and amend feveral Ads faffed in His prefent tfajefy's Reign, relating to the Redemption of the National Debt, and for making further Provifion in rcfped thereof #

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That upon each of the faid Quarterly Payments hereinbefore dire&ed being made into the Exchequer, by or on behalf of the faid Commiffioners for the Redu&ion of the National Debt, the proper Officer of the Exchequer (hall give a Receipt for the fame, acknowledging the Sum therein mentioned to be received of the faid Commiffioners .on account of their Contribution to the faid Loan of Twelve Millions under and in purfuance of this A<51; and when and fo foon as the Whole of the faid Sum of Twelve Millions (hall have been paid by or on behalf of the faid Commiffioners into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and fuch Receipts from time to time given for the fame as aforefaid, all the faid Receipts (hall be taken to and deported with the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* who thereupon (hall enter and place to the Account of the faid Commiffioners in the Books of the laid Governor and Company, the Sum of Sixty two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight pence Capital Stock in the faid Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, for every Sum of One hundred Pounds which (hall be contained in the faid leveral Receipts, the Intereft or Dividends whereon (hall commence from, the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and alfo the Sum of Eighty Pounds Capital Stock in the faid Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, the Intereft or Dividends whereon (hall commence * from the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the Commiffioners of the Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treafurer of the faid United Kingdom for the time being, to iffiie and apply from time to time all fuch Sums of Money as (hall be fo paid into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer, to fuch Services as (hall have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LXXII.

An A& to grant to His Majefty an additional Duty of Excifc on Tobacco in Ireland.	[6th July 1819.]

‘ Moft Gracious Sovereign,

*	TT7E, Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subje&s, the ‘ VV Commons of tne United Kingdom of Great Britain and ‘ Ireland, in Parliament affembled, towards raffing the neceflary ‘ Supplies, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant

*	unto Your Majefty the Duty of Excife on Tobacco hereinafter ‘ mentioned, and do moft humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may

*	be ena&ed;’ and be it ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aiTemhled, and by the Authority of the fame. That within and. through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, there (hall be railed, levied, collefted, paid and fatisfied, unto and for the Ufc of His

Majefty,

3

5ft® GEO.III.

451

A.D. 181ft.

<2.7$.

Majeity, His Heirs and Succeffors, the Duty of Excifc following \ (that is to fay,)

For and upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco which at any time or times, after the Fifteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, (hall have been or fhall be delivered out of any of His Majefty’s Warehoufes, or out of the Cuftody of any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, for Manufacture in Ireland, an Excife Duty of Three Shillings Britijb Currency, and fo in proportion for any

Kor fcfler Quantity ; and to be charged on and paid by the or Perfons to whom the fame fhafi have been or ftiaU be delivered for Manufacture;

Which faid Excife Duty fhall be in lieu and in full Satisfaction of all Duties of Excife granted on fuch Tobacco by any ACt or A6b of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the faid Fifteenth Day of June•

II.	And be it further enaCed, That from and after the faid Fifteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, there (hall be charged on all Tobacco and Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported from thence into Ireland, the countervailing Duties following, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all countervailing Duties whatfoever payable upon fuch Tobacco or Snuff, under or by virtue of any ACt or ACts of Par* liament in force in Ireland, immediately before the faid Fifteenth Day of June; (that is to fay,)

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of unmanufactured Tobacco, the Growth or Produce of Great Britain, and of all Britijb manufactured Tobacco, imported or brought into Ireland, the Sum of Foot Shillings Britijb Currency:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Britijb manufactured Rappee Snuff, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence BriH/b Currency :

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Britijb manufactured Snuff called Scotch Snuff, the Sum of Four Shillings and Nine pence Britijb Currency:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Britijb manufactured Snuff called Brown Scotch Snuff, the Sum of Three Shillings and Four pence Britijb Currency :

For and upon every Pound Weight of every other Sort or Kind of Britijb manufactured Snuff, or Snuff Work, not hereinbefore enumerated or defcribed, the Sum of Four Shillings and Nine pence Britijb Currency.

And that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of any Tobacco or Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, there (hall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the countervailing Duty hereby granted on Tobacco and Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain refpeCtively, and imported from thence into Ireland.

III.	And be it further enaCted, That in lieu and inftead of aU former Drawbacks on Tobacco or Snuff manufactured in Ireland, and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, there fhall be allowed on all Tobacco manufactured in Ireland which fhall be fo exported, as an increafed Drawback or Compenfation for the Duty

by

in lieu of former Duties.

Countervailing Duties herein mentioned to be paid on To. bocco and Snuff of Manufacture of G. B. imported into

Inland.

Drawback on Exportation of Tobacco or 8ipiff to G. B.

Instead of former Dnw • backron Exportation to other Places than G. B.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

3s. id. for •very lb. of manufactured Tobacco.

47 G. 3. Sen. ft. e. 16.

Drawbacks on Tobacco and Snuff exported before June x 5, 1819, to continue, the new Drawbacks being payable on such as shall have paid the Dudes hereby imposed.

Regulations for obtaining Drawback.

Officers granting Permits for Removal of Tobacco, on which Duty of is. fid. per lb. bas been paid into Stock of any Person, to. certify Quantity removed.

C. 72.

by Law charged and paid on Import of the Leaf Tobacco whereof it hath been manufactured, and for the Excife Duty charged thereon by Law, the Sum of Three Shillings and Two pence Sritrfb Currency for every Pound Weight of fuch manufactured Tobacco ; and which faid Drawback or Allowance (hall be paid by the CoDeftor of Inland Excife and Taxes of the Diftrift from which fuch Tobacco or Snuff (hall be exported, out of any Money in his Hands, on fuch Certificate from the Colleftor, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Port from whence the fame (hall be exported as is required by an Aft made in the Forfy feventh Year of His prefexxt Maiefty's Reign, intituled An A3 to grant to His Majefy, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eight, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandife into and from Ireland, in cale of Drawbacks on Exportation of Goods in refpeft of any internal Duty of Excife paid thereon.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That the feveral Drawbacks in refpeft of Tobacco manufactured in Ireland, and exported from thence to Great Britain or elfewhere, allowed or made payable under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland before the faid Fifteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, (hall remain and continue payable with refpeft to fuch Tobacco which (hall have paid the Duties impofed on Tobacco imported into Ireland, or on Tobacco delivered for Manufafture in Ireland, by any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland immediately before the faid Fifteenth Day of June, and with refpeft to Snuff manufactured from fuch Tobacco, and which Tobacco or Snuff (hall after the faid Fifteenth Day of June be exported from Ireland; and that the feveral and refpeftive Drawbacks by this Aft allowed and made payable, (hall be paid and allowed only on the Exportation of fuch Tobacco, or Snuff manufaftured therefrom, on which all Duties of Excife and Cuftoms (hall have been paid which (hall be chargeable thereon by this Aft, and by any Aft for impofing Duties of Cuftoms on Tobacco imported into Ireland, in force at the time of the paffing of this Aft : Provided always, that the increafed Drawback and Allowance by this Aft made payable, (hall not be paid or allowed on any Tobacco or Snuff fo exported, unlefs the Perfons who (hall export fuch Tobacco or Snuff refpeftively (hall make oath, that the additional or increafed Duty on account of which fuch Drawback (hall be required has been fully paid and Satisfied, and (hall alfo perform all fuch Requiiites, and comply with fuch Regulations and Reftriftions, as are or (hall be required to be performed and obferved by Perfons exporting any Article whereon any Drawback or Bounty is payable for obtaining the fame.

V.	And be it further enafted. That every Excife Permit Officer who at any time after the faid. Tenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, (hall have granted any Excife Permit or Permits for ithe Removal of any Tobacco delivered out of any of His Majefty’s Warehouses, or out of the Cuftody of any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms into the Stock of any Manufafturer or other Perfon, upon which Tobacco the Duty of Two Shillings and Two pence jper Pound chargeable thereon by the feveral Afts in force immediately before the faid Fifteenth Day of June (hall have been paid, and on which the feveral Duties chargeable by this Aft (hall

not

A.D. im

59* GEO. III.

C. 72.

4-33

not Rave been paid, (hall, on deriartd by any Surveyor or Gauger or other Officer requiring the fame, grant a Certificate in Writing under the Hand of fuch Excife Permit Officer, fpecifying the Quantity of fuch Tobacco fo removed into the Stock of luch Manu-fadurer or other Perfon after the laid Fifteenth Day of June One thoiifand eight hundred and nineteen, under or by virtue of fuch Permit or Permits \ .and fuch Certificate of fuch Excife Permit Officer (hall b t coriclufive Evidence again (I. the Manufacturer or other Perfon, into whofe Stock fuch Tobacco fhall have been delivered under fuch Permit, whereby to charge fuch Manufacturer or Perfon with an additional Sum ot Ten pence per Pound on fuch unmanufactured Tobacco, fo that the Duty of Three Shillings on every Pound Weight of fuch Tobacco (hall be fully paid according to the Intent and Meaning of this ACE

VI.	And be it farther enaCted, That the faid additional Sum of Returns of To-Ten pence per Pound Weight fhall be payable on all unmanufactured bacco so ramov-Tobacco, for the Removal of which any fuch Permit fhall have been *j,to _£*	5

obtained, and fhall be a Charge on fuch Manufacturer or Manur be paid-within fadurers, or on the Perfon or Perfons into the Stock of whom fuch One Month., Tobacco fhall have been or ought to have been removed by virtue of fuch Permit; and the proper Officers of the Revenue fhall, within One Calendar Month after the palling of (this ACt, make Returns in Writing to the Collectors or other Officers in charge of the Collection in their refpedtive Piftrifts, of the Amount of fuch additional Sum of Ten pence per Pound a$ fhall have then become due and payable by virtue of this ACt, and of the Perfons chargeable therewith in fuch DiftriCt refpeftively; and every fuch Return fhall be a Charge on all fuch Manufacturers and other Perfons; and fuch Sum fhall be paid by fuch Manufacturers or other Perfons to the Collector of Excife of the DiftriCt within One Calendar Month after any fuch Return, or in default thereof all fuch Tobacco fhall be forfeited, and may be feized ; and every Manufacturer or Perfon who fhall make default in the Payment of fuch Duty, fhall for every fuch Default forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, andJDouble the Amount of Duty Penalty, with which fuch Perfon fhall be charged as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enaCted, That in all Cafes when the Collector may Amount of the faid additional Sum of Ten pence per Pound Weight, distrain for or any Part thereof, fhall be unpaid at the time when fuch Amount is by this Aft made due and payable, it fhall and may be lawful for	^

the Collector of Excife of the DiftriCt, or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the DiftriCt, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Perfon or Perfons to take and di (train any Tobacco or any other Goods or Chattels in the Ufe, Cuftody or PofTeffion of the Perfons chargeable with fuch Amount, and to caufe the fame to be fold by public AuCtion; and if, after Payment of the whole of fuch Amount, together with the Cofts and Expences of fuch taking, diftraining and Sale, there (hall be any Surplus arifing from the Sale thereof, luch Surplus (hall forthwith be tendered and paid to fuch Perfon, or his or her refpeCtive Reprefentatives.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enaCted, That if any Perfon Additional who fhall be charged with and liable to the Whole of the Duties	^

of Excife on Tobacco impofed by this Aft, fhall at any time after to on* the faid Fifteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, have fold or contracted to fell any fuch Tobacco, without 59 Geo. HI.	F	f	charging

C. 72. .

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 181ft,

424

charging the Buyer thereof with the Whole of fueh increafed Duty, then and in every fuch Cafe the Seller of fuch Tobacco fhall be allowed to add, and (hall be entitled to recover from the Buyer thereof, and the Buyer of fuch Tobacco (hall pay to the Seller thereof, fo much Money as will* be equivalent to fuch Duty as fuch Seller (hall have been charged with and liable to for fuch Tobacco, over and above the Duty of Cuftoms and Excife payable on fuch Tobacco before the faid Fifteenth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

Duties and Drawbacks levied and paid as by former Acts.

14 & 15 C. 2. c.8. (I.)

46 G#3* c. 106.

Act altered, Ac. this Session.

IX. And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral Duties and Drawbacks by this Adi granted, allowed and made payable, and all Penalties under this Ad, (hall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in Briti/b Currency ; and that the faid Duties, the neceffary Charges of paying and colle&ing the fame being dedu&ed, (hall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the faid Duties and Drawbacks, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Adi, (hall be raifed, levied, colleded, paid, allowed, fued for, recovered and applied, in fuch Manner and under fuch Powers and Authorities, and by fuch Ways and Methods, and according to fuch Rules and Diredlions, and under fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, direded and exprefTed for the railing, colle&ing, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties and Drawbacks, or for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Adi made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Hi£ late Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for fettling the Excife or new Imfoft upon His Majefty, His Heirs and Succcjforsj according to the Book of Rates therein injerted, or in and by an Adi made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to provide for the better Execution of the feveral ABs relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Com-mifttoners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and of the Commijftoners of Inland Excife aid Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other Adi or Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effedlually, to all Intents and Pnr-pofes, as if the fame were herein expreffed and enadled, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the faid recited Adi of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, or any other Ad or Adis as aforefaid, is provided; and that all and every Ad and Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Duties of Excife on Tobacco, and all Powers, Rules and Regulations, Penalties, Claufes, Matters and Things therein contained, (nail extend and be conftrued to extend to the railing, levying and colleding the Duty by this Ad granted on Tobacco, as fully and effedlually to all Intents and Purpofes as A the fame were repeated and re-enadled in this Ad.

X. And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be amended, altered or repealed by any Ad or Ads to be pafied in this Seffion of Parliament.

CAP.

A.D.1819.

59’ GEO. UV

C. 73.

435

CAP. LXXIir.

An Ad to repeal feveral Ads, requiring the Matters of Veflels carrying Certificate Goods to Ireland to take Duplicates of the Contents \ prohibiting the Importation of certain wrought Goods, and the Exportation of Gunpowder when the Price (hall exceed a certain Sum.	[6th	July	1819.]

c YT7HEREAS by an Ad patted in the Eighth Year of the g Ann. c. 13. 4 VV Reign of Her Majefty Queen Anny intituled An A3 for 4 continuing feveral Impo/uiom9 additional Impnjiftons and Dufies upon 4 Goods imported, to rasfe Money by way tf Loan, for the Service of 4 the Tear One tboufand feven hundred and ten ; and for taking off the 4 Over fea Duty on Coals exported in Britifh Bottoms ; and for better 4 preventing Frauds in Drawbacks upon Certificate Goods ; and for 4 ajcertamng the Duties of Corans imported in Venetian Ships ; and to 4 P™ further time to Foreign Merchants for Exportation of certain 4 Foreign Goods imported; and to limit a time for Profecuttons upon .4 certain Bonds given by Merchants ; and for continuing certain Fees of 4 the Officers of the Cuftoms; and to prevent Imbeznlements by fuch 4 Officers; and for appropriating the monies granted to Her Majefly ;

4 and for replacing Monies paid or to be paid for making good any De-4 ficiencies on the Annuity Ads ; and for Encouragement to raife Naval 4 Stores in Her Majefly*s Plantations ; and to give further time for 4 rertjhring Debentures as is therein mentioned; it is enaded, that the J 19.

4 Matter of every Ship carrying fuch Certificate Goods to Ireland 4 (hall demand and take from the Colledor of every refpedive Port 4 of Great Britain, a Duplicate of his Content in Writing, certified 4 under the Hand and Seal of the Colledor and Comptroller of fuch 4 Port (which faid Duplicate the Colledor and Comptroller of each € Port m Great Britain are hereby required to deliver to every 4 Matter without Fee or Reward), and fuch Matter (hall be obliged 4 to deliver fuch Duplicate to the Officers of the Cuftoms in Ireland 4 on his Arrival, before he be permitted to land fuch Goods there:

4 And Whereas, in all Cafes of Exportation of Certificate Goods

*	from one Country to the other, Certificates of the due landing of

*	fuch Goods in England and Ireland refpedively are now required 4 by Law, and the Duplicate Content required by the above recited 4 Ad is become ufelefs, and operates as an Inconvenience to the 4 Trade between England and Ireland, and it is therefore expedient 4 no longer to require fuch Duplicate Content ;* Be it therefore enaded by The King’* Mott Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com* moos, in this present Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That fo much of the faid recited Ad as requires the Matter of every Ship carrying Certificate Goods to Ireland to demand and take from the Colledor of every refpedive Port in Great Britain a Duplicate of his Content in Writing, certified under the Hand and Seal of the Colledor and Comptroller of each Port in Great Britain, to deliver fuch Duplicate to the Officers of the Cuftoms in Ireland

on his Arrival, before he be permitted to land fitch Goods there, fhall repealed, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

Ff 2

4 II. And

436

59° GEO. III.

A.D.18T»

5 Elis. c. 7.

continued by 16 C. 1. c. 4. ‘

repealed. it C. 2. c. 4.

§11.

proviso for Power to prohibit Exportation.

a9 G. 3. c. 6S. 5 5-

C.73,:74.

* II. And Whereas it appears no longer neceflary or proper to 4 continue the Prohibition on the Importation of certain Articles 4 enumerated in an Aft patted in the Fifth Year of the Reign of 4 Queen Elizabeth, intituled An AS avoiding divert foreign Wares 4 made by Handicraftsmen beyond the Seas (which Aft was to continue'

4 and- endure to the End of the then next Parliament, afidby feveral 4 fubfequent Afts was continued, and by an Aft patted Jn the Six-4 teenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the rirft, intituled' An 4 AS for the further Relief of His Majejly’s Army9 and the Northern 4 Parts of the Kingdom, was further continued until fome other Ad 4 of Parliament ttiould be made touching the Continuance or Dif-4 continuance thereof) : And Whereas it is expedient that the faid 4 Aft (hould be repealed Be it therefore enafted. That from and after the patting of this Aft, the faid firft recited Aft, and every thing therein contained, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

4 III. And Whereas by an Aft patted in the Twelfth Year of the 4 Reign of His Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled A Sub-4 Jidy, granted to the King9 of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums 4 of Money payable ubon Merchandife exported and imported; it is en-4 afted, that it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons 1 to (hip, carry out and tranfport, by way of Merchandife, Gun*

4 powder, when the fame doth not exceed the Price of Five Pounds

*	per Barrel, paying a certain Rate appointed by the faid Aft: And 4 Whereas it is expedient to allow the (hipping, carrying out and*

4 tranfporting Gunpowder, although the Price may exceed Five Pounds 4 per BarrelBe it therefore enafted, That io much of the (aid* recited Aft as prohibits the (hipping, carrying out and tranfporting Gunpowder, when the Pjice of the fame doth exceed Five Pounds per Barrel, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed : Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend or repeal, or in anywife affeft fo much of the faid recited Aft as' %u thorites His Majefty to prohibit the Exportation of Gunpowder* or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament now in force relating to the' Exportation of Gunpowder.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Aft to allow the Importation of Tdbatcd from the Eaft Indies and other Places; and for confining the Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain, and the Importation thereof into Ireland, to Veflcls of Seventy Tons burthen and upwards.

' [6th July 1819.3

*	’1T7 HEREAS by an Aft patted in the Twenty ninth Year of 4 W the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for repeal-4 ing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff 9 and for granting new Duties in 4 Ben thereof it is enafted, that no Tobacco whatever (hall be im-4 ported or brought into Great Britain from any Port or Place 4 whatever, other than fome Port or Place within His Majefty** Co-4 lonies. Plantations, Ittands or Territories in America, or fome Port 4 or Place within the United States of America, (although the fame 4 (hall have been legally imported into and exported from Great 4 Britain, and returned for want of Sale or otherwife), upon pain of 4 Forfeiture thereof, together with the Hog (heads. Calks, C hefts,

4 Cafes

5

‘59* GEO- in.

C. 74.

437

A.b.m%

14 Cafes and Packages refpedively containing the fame, and alfo the 4 Ship or Veffel in or on board which the fame (hall be imported ‘ or brought, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition,

*	Tackle and Apparel; and fuch Tobacco,Hoefheads, Calks, Chefts,

4 Cafes and Packages refpedively, and alfo fucn Ship or Veflel, with

*	her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, (hall and 4 may be feized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms or Ex-

*	cife: And Whereas by an A A patted in the Fifty fourth Year 4 of IBs prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to repeal the 4 Duties of Cuftoms payable on Goods, Wares and Merehandife imported 4 into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the ■* Charter granted to The United Company of Merchants trading to The

*	Eaft Indies; and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to eftablt/h 4 further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods fo 4 imported; and to alter the Periods of making up and prefenting certain 1 Accounts of the faid Company to Parliament; to continue in force until 4 the Tenth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ;

4 and by Table (B) annexed to the faid A A, a J)uty of Cuftoms 4 is payable on Tobacco imported into Great Britain from fome Pqrt 4 or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United

*	Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, either

*	by the faid United Company or by Perfons authorifed fo to trade :

1 And Whereas it is provided by tne faid A61, that nothing in that 4 Ad contained (hall extend or be cOnftrUed to extend to permit or 4 allow any Goods, Wares or Merehandife whatever to be imported 4 into or exported from Great Britain, in any Way or Manner con-4 trary to any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force on or immediately 4 before the Tenth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and 4 fourteen, except in any Cafe where Provifion h e^prefsly made for 4 that Purpofe by that Ad, or by an Ad paifed in the laft Seffion of 4 Parliament, intituled An AS for continuing in the Eaft India Com-4 party for a furtherTerm the Pojfejfton of the Britifh Territories tip India,

4 together soith certain excluftve Privileges } for eftabliftnng further Re-4 gelations for the Government qf the faid Territories, and the better Ad-4 mruftratton of Juftice within the fame; and for regelating thp Trade to J andfrom the Places within the Limits of the faid Company* r Charter :

4 And Whereas it is expedient to allow the Importation of unmanu-4 fadured Tobacco from Places within the Limits of the Charter 4 granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading 4 to the Eaft Indies ;* Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Mott Expellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent 0f the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by tne Authority of the fame. That Tobacco may be imported from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading tQ 3ie Eflft Incites, in any Britifh Ship or Veflel owned, regiftered and navigated according to Law, any thing in the aforefaid Ad paifed in the Twenty ninth Year of His Maiefty’s Reign to the contrary notwith(landing; provided always, that fuch Tobacco (hall not be imported or brought into Great Britain in any Cafk, Cheft, Cafe or other Package which fliall not contain at the lead One hundred Pounds Weight Nett of Tobacco, not packed in Bags or Packages within any fuch Ca(k, Cheft, Cafe or other Package, nor fepa-rated or divided within any fuch Caik, Cheft or Cafe, or in any manner

F f 3	whatever,

*4G. 3. c. 36-'

Table B.

5 3*.

S3 G.3. c.155.

Tobacco may be Imported ftom the East Indies in British Vessels:

But in Casks containing not less than too lbs. and not in Bags or Packages within such Casks.

C.74.

59° GEO. ILL

A.D. 1819.

Penalty.

Proviso for Acts in force.

Unmanufactured Tobacco may be imported from the Place of its Growth in any Country whatever, either in British built Vessels or Vessels of the Cou ntrywhence imported, Ac.

*9 G. 3. c. 68.

§47.

No Tobacco to be exported to Ireland ita any Vessel under 70 Tons.

False Entry of Tonnage.

Penalty iocL

whatever, on pain of forfeiting all fuch Tobacco, with the Calks, Chefts, Cafes and other Packages containing the fame, and alfo the Ship, VefTel or Boat in which the fame (hall be fo imported or brought, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel ; and fuch Tobacco, Cafks, Chefts, Cafes and other Packages, and alfo fuch Ship, Veflel or Boat, Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, (hall and may be feizcd by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftom? or Excife : Provided always, that fuch Tobacco (hall be fubjedl and liable to all the Provilions of the A&s now in force regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies.

4 II. And Whereas it is expedient to permit the Importation of # 4 Tobacco from the Place of its Growth, wherever that may be Be it therefore further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for . any Perfon or Perfons to import unmanufactured Tobacco from any Place whatever, being the Place of its Growth, in any Briti/h Ship or Veflel owned, registered and navigated according to llaw, or in any Ship or Veflel of the Built of the Country or Place of which fuch Tobacco is the Growth, and whereof the Mafter and Three Fourths of the Mariners at lead are of the faid Country or Place, or in Veflels which (hall have been lawfully condemned as Prize in fuch Country or Place, and which fhall be navigated as aforefaid, any thing in the aforefaid A& parted in the Twenty ninth Year of His laid Majefty’s Reign to the contrary notwithftanding ; but fubjedl nevertheless to all the Rules, Regulations, Provifions, Penalties and Forfeitures of the faid Adi, fo far as the fame are applicable thereto, and not repugnant to the before mentioned Proyirton with refpedl to Tobacco imported from Ports or Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies.

4 III. And Whereas by an Adi pafled in the Twenty ninth Year

*	of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for repealing the 4 Duties on Tobacco and Snuff", and for granting new Duties in Utu thereof 4 it is enadled that no Tobacco, either manufa&ured or unmanu-

*	fadlured, (hall be entered or (hipped for Exportation to any Parts

*	beyond the Seas, Ireland excepted, in any Ship or Veflel whatever,

4 unlefs fuch Ship or Veflel (hall be of the Burthen of Seventy Tons 4 or upwards: And Whereas it is expedient to limit the Exportation 4 of Tobacco to Ireland to Veflels of the Burthen of Seventy Tons 4 or upwards in like manner Be it therefore enadled, That no To-bacco, either manufadtured or unmanufadlured, (hall be entered or (hipped for Exportation to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in any Ship or Veflel whatever, unlefs fuch Slup or Veffel (hall be of the Burthen of Seventy Tons or upwards; and if the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Veflel outward bound to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, having Tobacco in or on board her, (hall enter and clear out fuch Ship or Veflel at the Cuftom Houfe as of the Burthen of Seventy Tons or upwards, and futh Ship or Veflel (hall not be of fo great Burthen as Seventy Tons, according to the Rule for Admeafurement prescribed by Law, fuch Mafter or pther Perfon (hall forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every fuch Offence.

IV. And

A.D.1819.

590 GEO. III.

C.74,15,

489

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Tobacco, either manu-faftured or unmanufa6tured, (hall be imported into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland from that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain in any Ship or Veflel whatever, unlefs fuch Ship or Veflel (hall be of the Burthen of Seventy Tons or upwards; and if the Matter or other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Veflel which (hall import any Tobacco into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland from that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain (hall enter fuch Ship or Veflel at the Cuftom Houfe as of the Burthen of Seventy Tons or upwards, and fuch Ship or Veflel (hall not be of fo great Burthen as Seventy Tons, according to the Rule for Admeafurement prefcribed by Law,

% fuch Mafter or other Perfon (hall forfeit and lofe the Sam of One hundred Poands for every fuch Offence.

V.	And be it further ena&ed. That fuch Penalties (hall be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by fuch Ways, Means or Methods as any Penalty may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws now in force, or,by A61 ion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty* s Courts of Record at Wcjl-minfier or Dublin, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpe&ively ; and that One Moiety of every fuen Penalty (hall be to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him or them who (hall inform, difeover or fue for the fame.

CAP. LXXV.

An A£l to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, Two A&s, made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fixth Years of His prefent Majefty, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally.	[6th	July	1819.]

4 YT7HEREAS an A& of Parliament was made in the Fifty

*	W fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled ( An AS to regulate, until the End of the next Seffion of Parliament the 4 Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally ; and 4 which, by an A61 of Parliament made in the Fifty fifth Year of

*	the Reign of His prefent Majefty, was continued until the End of ‘ the then next Seflion of Parliament: And Whereas by an A61 of ‘ Parliament made in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of His pre-4 fent Majefty, to amend and continue the faid recited A61 of the ‘ Fifty fourth Year aforefaid, and to grant and allow new counter-1 vailing Duties and Drawbacks on Spirits imported and exported 1 between England and Scotland and Ireland refpe&ively, the faid ‘ recited Aft of the Fifty fourth Year aforefaid was further con-

*	trnued, except fo far as the fame was altered by the laft mentioned 4 A ft, until the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament; and 4 the faid recited A6to refpe&ively have by certain other A6U of Par-4 liament made refpe&ively in the Fifty feventh and Fifty eighth Years 4 of the Reign aforefaid, been further continued until the Fifth Day 4 of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen : And Whereas 4 the Duties impofed and Drawbacks allowed and made payable by ‘ the faid A& made in the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid, are in the ‘ prefent Seflion of Parliament repealed, and other Duties and Draw-

F f 4	* backs

No Tobacco to be imported into Ireland from G. B. in Vessels under 70 Tons.

False Entry of Tonnage.

Penalty tool.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

54 G. 3. c. 149-

56 G. 3. * 1 os*

$*•

J7 G. 3. e. jf

j# G. 3. c. *6.

44 O

59° GEO. Ill

A.D.1SI9.

C. 15, 16.

*	backs granted and allowed in lieu thereof; and it is expedient that 4 the faid recited Aft of the Fifty fourth Year aforefaid fo altered 4 as aforefaid, and fuch Parts of the faid Aft of the Fifty fixth Year 4 aforefaid as are now in force and are not repealed or altered by 4 any Aft or Afts of the prefent Seflion of Parliament, (hould be 4 further continued, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great 4 Britain and Ireland reciprocally, and to fecure, levy and collect

♦ the feveral Duties on fuch Spirits impofed by any Aft or Afts in 4 the prefent Seflion of Parliament Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Gonfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent

546.3. c.149. Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the as Altered by faid recited A61 of the Fifty fourth Year aforefaid, as altered by the and boti^Acts^ Aft of the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid, and alfo fuch Parts of the further conti- lift mentioned Aft as are now in force and are not repealed or altered nued until	by anytAft or Afts of the prefent Seflion of Parliament, (hall be and

July 5, 182c.	the fame is and are hereby further continued, for the Purpofes afore-

faid, from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hiipdred and nineteen, and (hall be, remain and continue in force from thence until the Fifth Day of July jDne thoufand eight hundred and twenty.

Bank not to make Advances to Government without Authority of Parliament^

In what Form Applications for Advances shall bp made.

Copies of Applications and Answers laid before Parliament.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Aft to eftablifh further Regulations refpefting Advances by the Bank of England for the Public Service, and the Pur-chafe of Government Securities by the faid Bank.

[6th July 1819.3

4 TT7HEREAS it is expedient that effeftual Regulations (hould 4 VV be made refpefting Advances by the Governor and Com-4 pany of the Bank of England for the Public Service, and refpefting 4 the Purchafe of Government Securities by the faid Governor and 4 Company Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft it (hall not be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, any Sum or Sums of Money whatever, upon the Credit of any Exchequer Bills or Treafury Bills, or other Government Securities, or in any other manner whatever, without the exprefs and diftinft Authority of Parliament for that Purpofe firft had and obtained.

II. And be it further enafted, That whenever it (hall be deemed neceffary for the Public Service to make any Application to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to make any Advance fo authorifed by Parliament, fuch Application (hall be made in Writing, by the Firft Lord of the Treafury, qr by the Chancellor . of the Exchequer for the time being, to the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, tp be by tl\em laid before the Court of Direftors of the faid Bank ; and a Copy of all fuch Applications made in the Courfe of every Year ending the fifth Day of January, together with a Copy of the Minutes of the Proceedings of the faid Court of Direftors on every fuch Application, and the

Anfwer

'A.D. 181ft

596 GEO. III.

C. 76.

441

Anfwer of the faid Court thereto, (hall be laid before both Houfes of Parliament, by the proper Officer of the faid Governor and Company of the bank of England, within Fourteen Days after the Filth Day of January in each Year, if Parliament (hall be then fitting, or otherwife within Fourteen Days after the then next fitting of Parliament.

III.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That nothing in this A& Proviso for contained (hall extend, or be conflrued to extend, to prevent the Go- purdiaa-vernor and Company of the Bank of England from purchafing any ^-pr^Uer Exchequer Bills or Treafury Bills, or other Government Securities or *2. whatever, which by Law they are now authorised to purchafe, nor vancing Money to prevent the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from on Credit of advancing or lending, at the Receipt of the- Exchequer in Great Exchequer Bill* Britain, any Sum or Sums of Money whatever, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum neceflary to make good any Deficiency of the	***

Consolidated Fund, at the Clofe of any Quarter of a Year ending on the Fifth Day of Aprils Fifth Day of July, Tenth Day of 0Sober, or Fifth Day of January in any Year, upon the Credit of any Exchequer Bills which (hall be iflued by the Direction of the Commiffioners of His Majefiy’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great? Britain and Ireland, under the Authority of an A6k, made in the Fifty Seventh Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled An 57 G. 3. c. 48. AS to make further ProvUion for the Adjuftment of the Accounts of the Confolidated Fund of the united Kingdom, and for making good any occa-Jumal Deficiency which may arife in the faid Fund in Great Britain or Ireland refpeSively, and to direS the Application of Monies by the Com-nuffioners for the ReduSion of the National Debt; pr of an A6t made in the prefent Sefiion of Parliament, intituled An AS to render, until c. 19. ante. the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, the growing Produce of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom arifing in Great Britain available for the Public Service, any thing Hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed. That whenever any Exche- Bank may ex-

quer Bills or Treafury Bills (hall be in the Courfe of Payment, on change texch* uie Credit of which any Sum or Sums of Money (hall have been <*uer previoufly lent or advanced by the Governor and Company of the	of	Pay-

Bank of England, and which (hall be in the Hands of the Governor ment.

and Company of the faid Bank, it (hall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in lieu of fuch Exchequer Bills or Treafury Bills as may be fo in their Hands and in course pf Payment, to take and accept any other Exchequer Bills or Treafury Bills which (hall have been granted towards the Aids and Supplies of the Year upon which fuch Exchequer Bills or Treafury Bills fo in courfe of. Payment (hall have been charged.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Governor and Company to jav ' of the Bank of England (hall, and they are hereby refpe&ively re- before Psriia. quired, from time to time to caufe a true and perfeft Account in ment yearly Ac-Writing to be taken and attefted by the proper Officers ot the count of Exche--Amount of all Exchequer Bills or Treafury Bills, and other Govern- gill^Ac ment Securities whatever, which fhall have been purchafed by the purchased, or Governor and Company of the faid Bank of England, or on which on which Ad-any Sum or Sums (hall have been lent and advanced for the Public vances Service by the Governor and Company of the faid Bank, in every h*y^^een madc Year ending on the Fifth Day of January, (hewing whether any and to Uovernmcnt*

what

442	C.76,77,78.	59°	GEO. IIL	A.D. 1819.

what Amount of fuch Bills fhall, before the making up of fuch Accounts, have been paid off or difcharged, and what Amount of fuch Exchequer Bills or Treafury Bills, or other Government Securities, {hall then be in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the faid Bank; and every fuch Account (hall be laid before both Houfes of Parliament, within Fourteen Days after the Fifth Day of January in each Year, if Parliament {hall be then fitting, or otherwife within Fourteen Days after the then next fitting of Parliament.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Aft to continue, until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twenty fix, an Aft for amending the Laws relating to the Allowance of the Bounties on Pilchards exported.	[6th July 1819.]

52G.3.	4 TT 7 HE RE AS an Aft was made in the Fifty fecond Year of

*	VV the Reign of His prefent Majefty* intituled An AS for 4 amending the Laws relating to the Allowance of the Bounties on Pil-4 chords exported, until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand 4 eight hundred and nineteen, by which a Bounty of One Shilling and

•	Sixpence was continued on every Calk of Pilchards exported to 4 Foreign Parts: And Whereas it is expedient that the faid Bounty 4 fhoula be further continued 5’ Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the. Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent

Bounty of Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the is. 6<L granted faid Bounty of One Shilling and Sixpence given and granted by an hy 43 0*3* Aft made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Cask ofRl-^ Majefty, intituled An AS to repeal the Duties of Excife payable in Great chords contain- Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof for every Calk or ing 50 Gallons Veflel of Pilchards containing Fifty Gallons which (hall be duly exported, con- exported to Foreign Parts, {hall be and the fame is hereby continued dnued until ^ Until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and with other* twenty and {hall, together with the other Bounties by the Bounties, ex- faid laft mentioned Aft granted or allowed on Pilchards exported, tended to Pil- be extended in due Proportion to and paid and allowed for all Pilchards exported chards which {hall during that time be (hipped and exported in Calks Gallons! °*	thirty two Gallons or upwards to Foreign Parts.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Aft for transferring the Duty of the Supervifor of the Receiver Generali Receipts and Payments to the Comptroller General of the Cuftoms in England.	[6th July 1819.3

46	G. 3. c. 150. 4 TT7HEREAS by an Aft pafled in the Forty fixth Year of the 4 V V Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for the Better 4 Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Duties of Cuftoms m 5 3.	4 Great Britain, certain Duties are required to be performed or exe-

4 cuted by the Supervifor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and 4 Payments, or his Clerk : And Whereas it is expedient that thofit 4 Duties fhould be performed or executed by the Comptroller General 4 of His Maiefty’s Cuftoms in England, or his Clerk Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

A.D.im

59° GEO. III.

448

C. 78t 79.

mens, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every the Duties required by the faid Act to be done, performed or executed by the Supervifor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments, ihall be done, performed and executed by the Comptroller General of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, or his Clerk, iuch Clerk being firft duly authorifed by him, and for whofe Conduft he (hall be aniwerable.

II. Provided always, That this Aft (ball not be conftrued to make any other Alteration in the Regulations of the aforefaid Aft, than as herein contained.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Aft to continue, until the Firft Day of Augufi One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, Two Afts of the Forty fifth and Fiftieth Years of His prefent Majefty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Wejlminjler by Inland Navigation.	[6th July 1819.]

*	TX/HEREAS an Aft was pafled m the Forty fifth Year of the 1 W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for allow-1 «g, under certain Rejlriftions, until the Firjl Day of Anguft One thou* ‘ fond eight hundred and Jtx% the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals,

*	Culm or Cinders to London and Weftminfter by Inland Navigation : ‘ And Whereas an Aft wa6 palled in the Fiftieth Year of His pre-

*	lent Majefty’8 Reign, intituled An A& to allow, until the Firjl Day i of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and eleven, the bringing of Coals, ‘ Culm and Cinders to London and Weftminfter by Inland Navigation :

*	And Whereas certain Duties of Cuftoms were made payable by the ‘ faid recited Afts, in lieu of which other Duties have been impofed

*	and made payable, and certain other Duties of Cuftoms of One 1 Shilling and Three pence are by the faid Afts refpeftively made

*	payable for every Ton of Coals, Culm and Cinders brought along 1 the Grand JvnQion or Paddington Canals, or brought down the ‘ River Thames nearer to London than certain Stones or Pofo in the ‘ faid refpeftive Afts feverally mentioned, and which faid laft men-

*	tioned Duties are by the faid Afts refpeftively direfted to be paid ‘ into the Chamber of London, as for and in lieu of the Duty called 1 Orphan’s Duty, and all other Rates, Dues and Duties which are ‘ payable to the Corporation of London upon Coals, Culm or Cinders 1 imported into the Port of London: And Whereas both the faid ‘ recited Afts have been continued by feveral fubfequent Afts and

*	are in force until the Firft Day of Augufi One thouland eight hun-1 dred and nineteen, and it is expedient that the faid Afts Ihould be i further continued in manner hereinafter mentioned :’ Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confont of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid feveral Afts, fo far as the fame refpeftively relate to the faid feveral and refpeftive Duties of One Shilling and Three pence for every Ton of Coals, Culm or Cinders brought to London and Wejhnisifer under the Authority of the faid recited Afts or either of them refpeftively, and sdfo fo tar as the faid recked Afts refpeftively relate to thtf Rules, Provisions, Conditions, Regulations and Reftriftaoas under which fuch Cods, Culm and Cinders may be

brought

Comptroller General of Customs to do the Duty of Supervisor of Receiver General's Receipts and Payments.

Not to make any other Alteration.

45 G. 3. c. 12?.

50 G.3. c.ixo.



Recited Acta, so far as relates to Duties and Conditions under which Coals are brought by Inland Navigation, continued t01 Aug. 1, 1820.

444« s C. 79,60.	59°	GEO.	III.	•	.	A.D.	1819\

brought to London and Wejlminftcr by Inland Navigation, and the faid Duties, and all the Claufes in the faid recited A&s relating to the faid'Duties refpe&ively, and to the faid Rules, Provifions, Condi-tiorrt, Regulations and Reftri&ions, (hall be and the fame are hereby continued, and fhall be in force from the faid Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen until and upon the Fira Day .of Augitfl One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.*

ItosseuQrscf Lands, &c. may appoint Steward or Attorney to accept Common Recovery of Estates held by Antient Demesne.

Effect of such Recoveries.

43 G. 3. C.7J.

$ 1. authorising Sale of Lunatics’ Estates, extended to Estates held in Antient Demesne.

CAP. LXXX.

An A ft concerning Common Recoveries to be fuffered by Aw torney in Courts of Antient Demefne; and to explain an A£t of His prefent Majefty, relative to the Sale or mortgaging of Eftates of Lunatics.	£6th	July 1819/)

*	XT7 HE REAS it is expedient that Perfons who can now fuffer

*	VV in Perfon, and not by Attorney, Commoq Recoveries of x fuch of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, held in Antient

*	Demefne, as are not held by Copy of Court Roll, Should be enabled*

*	to fuffer the fame by Attorney as well as in Perfon May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be ena&ed 5 and be it ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful for all and every Perlons and Perfon, not being under the Disability of Coverture, and for all and every Femes Covert and Feme Covert (every fuch Feme Covert being folely and fecretly examined by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors whereof the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments held in Antient Demefne, but not by Copy of Court RolI? of which a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries is or are pror pofed to be fuffered, fhall be nolden, or by his, her or their Steward or Stewards, or by the Deputy or Deputies of fuch Steward or Stewards) to appoint any Perfon or Perlons to be their, his or her Attorney or Attomies, to appear for the Perfons or Perfon fo appointing either as Tenants or Tenant to the Plaint or Writ, or as Vouchees or Vouchee, and, as the Cafe may require, either to vouch over to Warranty, or to enter into the ufual Warranty, and alfo vouch over to Warranty, and like wife to do all other lawful and neceffary A&s for the fuffering and perfe&ing of fuch Common Recovery or Common Recoveries refpettively ; and that the Common Recovery and Common Recoveries which fhall be had and fuffered as aforefaid fhall have the like effed, but no other, as fuch Common Recovery or Common Recoveries would have had, if the Perfons or Perfon who fhall fo by Attorney fuffer or join in fuffering fuch Common Recovery or Common Recoveries had appeared in Court in Perfon, and fuffered or joined in fuffering fuch Common Recovery or Common Recoveries.

* II. And Whereas an Ad was paffed in the Forty third Year of

and Doubts have arifen, whether the Provifions of the faid A€t

*	extend to the Cafe of Lands held in Antient Demefne or by Copy

*	of Court Roll; and it is expedient that fuch Doubts fhould be re-

* moved j*

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 80,814

44a

1 moved ;* Be it therefore declared and enafted, That fuch of the Powers and Provifions.of the faid recited Aft as authorife the Sale , or Mortgage of E dates belonging to Lunatics, (hall be deeded and taken to extend to fuch Eftates as are held by Antient Demefng or by Copy of Court Roll.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the lad Seflion of Parliament, for appointing Comm!(Boners to inquire concerning Charities in-England for the Education of the Poor; and to extend the Powers thereof to other Charities in England and Wales; to continue in force until the Firft Day of Augufl One thou fend eight hundred and twenty three, and from thence until the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

[6th July 1819.]

. * XTJ’HEREAS an A ft was made in the laft Seflion of Parliament,

4 V\ intituled An AS for appointing Commiffioners to inquire con-4 corning Charities in England for the Education of the Poor: And 4 Whereas certain Commiflioners were appointed for the Execution

*	of the faid Aft, by a Commiflion under the Great Seal bearing f date the Twentieth Day of Augufl One thoufand eight hundred 4 and eighteen; and the faid Commiflioners have proceeded in the

*	Execution of the faid Aft ; and it is highly expedient that the Pro-4 viffons of the faid Aft (hould be extended to other Charities and 4 Tfufls created for charitable Ufes or Purpofes, in England and 4 Wales, and that the Number of Commiflioners (hould therefore be f increased, &nd that the faid Aft (hould be otherwife amendedBe it therefore enafted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Aft it fhall and may be lawful for His Majefty to iflue a Commiflion under die Grreat Seal to any Number of Perfons not exceeding Twenty, who (hall be conftituted Commiflioners for the Purpofes of the faid recited Aft and this Aft; and that the faid Commiflioners, or any Two or more of them, (hall have all fuch Powers and Authorities in the Execution of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, as by the faid recited Aft are given to or veiled in the Commiflioners, or any Three of them, under the faid recited Aft, except where it is otherwife provided by this Aft; and that it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Commiflioners to appoint and employ fuch Secretary, Clerks, Mef-fengers and Officers, not exceeding in the whole One Secretary, Five Clerks, Five Meflengers and Two other Officers, as they (hall think meet, in fuch manner and under fuch Regulations as are contained in the faid recited Aft, except as the fame is altered by this Aft; and that no Remuneration (hall be given for and in refpeft of the Execution of the faid recited Aft ana this Aft, to fuch of the Commiflioners to be appointed under this Aft as (hall be Members of either Houfe of Parliament, nor to any Number exceeding Ten of the other Commiflioners to be appointed under this Aft; and that it (hall and may be lawful* for Ten of fuch laft mentioned Commiffioners to receive Remuneration, any thing in the faid recited Aft

to

Recital of 58 G.j. c.9f« and that Cora, miseioners bad been appointed by Commission, acth Aug.i8i8«

Commissioners not exceeding 20 may be appointed for Execution of recited Act and this Act.

Appointment of Secretary, Ac.

Ten Commissioners, not being in Parliament, may receive Remuneration.

4 46

C.81.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

.Half yearly Reports by Five Commissioners.

Commissioners not obliged to report to Parliament.

Vacancies filled . up by the Crown.

Providing for S«l*ri« and Explores, Ac, of Commiasionen.

ioooL per Annum to each of Ten Commissioners payable Half yearly. Tax free and apportioned.

8cccL per Annum for travelling Expence*

to the contrary notwithdanding; and that the Commiffioners to be appointed under this Ad, or any Five or more of them, (hall, once in each Half Year during the Continuance of their Commiffion, make fuch Report and Certificate to His Majefty, of-their Proceedings under the faid recited Ad and this Ad, as by the faid recited Ad is required to be made of the Proceedings of the Commiffioners under that Ad, by fuch Commiffioners or any Three of them.

II.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffioners (hall not be obliged to make any Report or Reports of their Proceedings to the Two Houfes of Parliament, or either of them ; any thing in this or any other Ad contained to the contrary notwithdanding.

III.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe of any Vacancy or Vacancies, by the Death, Removal or Refignation of any fuch Commiffioners, it (hall be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs and Suc-ceffors, to nominate and appoint fuch Perfon or Perfons as he or they may think proper, for the fupplying of fuch Vacancy or Vacancies.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treafurer or for the Commiffioners of His Ma-jefty’s Treafury o? the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three of them, and he or they is and are hereby authorifed and required, from time to time to iiTue and caufe to be paid out of the Coifolidated Fund of the faid United Kingdom, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole tne Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds in any one Year, for the Payment of Salaries to any Number of Commiffioners, not exceeding Ten of the Commiffioners appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of the faid recited AA and this AA refpeAively, and who (hall not be Members of either Houfe of Parliament; and that out of the faid Sum not exceeding Ten thoufand Pounds to be iffiied as afore-faid, a Salary at the Rate of One thoufand Pounds a Year (hall be payable and paid to each of fuch Ten Commiffioners, the fame to be payable and paid Half yearly, free and clear from all Taxes and Deductions whatfoever, on the Tenth Day of OBober and the Fifth Day of April in each Year, by even and equal Portions; and that in cafe of the Refignation or Death of any One or more of the faid Commiffioners, the Commiffioners fo refigning, or the Executors or Ad-miniftrators of fuch Commiffioners fo dying, (hall be entitled to fuch proportional Part of fuch clear Salary as (hall have accrued during the time that fuch Commiffioner (hall have executed his faid Office; and it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Lord High Treafurer or Commiffioners of the Treafury, or any Three of them, and he and they is and are hereby authorifed and empowered, in like manner to iffue and caufe to be paid out of the faid Confolidated Fund any further Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Eight thoufand Pounds in any one Year, to be employed for the Payment of the travelling Expences of any of the Commiffioners to be appointed under this AA, and of the Secretary, Clerks, Mefiengers and Officers of the faid Commiffioners, and in the paying other neceffary Charges in and about the Execution of the faid recited AA and this AA, in fuch manner and under fuch Regulations as is direAed by the faid recited AA with refpeA to the Sum of Four thoufand Pounds in the faid AA mentioned.

V. And

A.D.1819.

59o GEO. ni.

C. 81*

447

V.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for

the Commiffioners to be appointed under the Authority of this Aft, and they are hereby authorised, empowered and required, to examine into and to inveftigate the Amount, Nature and Application of all Eftates and Funds of what Nature or Kind foever, and the Produce thereof, deftined or intended to be applied either to the Purpofes in the laid recited Aft mentioned, or to the Support of any Charity or Charities, or charitable Donation or Donations, for the Benefit of poor Perfons in England and Wales, or held under Trufts created for any charitable Ufes or Purpofes whatever in England or Wales (except as is hereinafter provided and excepted), and to examine into and to inveftigate all Breaches of Truft, Irregularities, Frauds, Abufes, or fuppofed Abufes or Mifconduft, in relation to and in the Management or Appropriation, or Nonappropriation or Mifap-propriation of fuch Eftates and Funds, in like manner and with tne like Powers, and under the like Regulations and Reftriftions in all refpefts, as are mentioned and ‘contained in the faid recited Aft with refpeft to the Charities mentioned in the faid recited Aft, except only fo far as the fame are exprefsly repealed or altered, or otherwife provided for by this Aft.	*

VI.	And be it further enafted, That no Petition or Information prefeoted, filed or profecuted under this Aft, nor any Anfwer thereto, nor any Depofitions, Interrogatories, Affidavits or Proceedings, nor any Order or Decree upon the fame or in relation thereto, nor any Copies of any fuch Petition, Information, Anfwer, Depofitions, Interrogatories, Affidavits, Order or Decree, nor of any other Proceedings whatfoever under this Aft, (hall be fubjeft or liable to the Payment of any Stamp Duty whatever; and that whenever any Copy of any Will relating to any Charity, or any Extraft from any fuch Will, fhall be required for the Purpofes oi this Aft, by any Order figned by the faid Commiffioners under this Aft, or any Two of them, from the Office of the Prerogative Court of the Archbifhop of Canterbury in DoSors* Commons, or from any other Offices where fuch Will IhaU have been proved ; or whenever any Copy or Extraft of any Deed or Deeds mall be fo required by fuch Commiffioners from any Perfon or Perfons, fuch Copy or Elxtraft fhall not be fnbjeft or liable to the Payment of any Stamp Duty whatever; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That this Aft or any of the Provifions therein contained fhall not extend or be conftruea to extend to either of the Univerfities of Oxford or Cambridge, nor to any College or Hall within the fame; nor to any Schools or other Endowments of which the faid Univerfities, Colleges or Halls, are Tnzfteee; nor to the Colleges of Wejlmtnder, Eton or Winchejler ; nor to the Chester Houfe; nor to the Schools of Harrow or Rugby, or any of them; nor to any Cathedral or Collegiate Church within England or Wales; nor to the Corporation of the Trinity Houfe of Dcftford Strond; nor to any College, Free School, or other charitable Iomtution or Donation or Charity whatever, which has Special Vi-fitors, Governors or Overfeers, appointed by the Founders; nor to any Funds applicable to the Benefit of any Perfons of the Jewifh Pmuafion, or of the People called Quakers, or of Perfons of the Roman Catholic Perfuafion, and which fhall be under the Superintendence and Controul of Perfons of fuch Perfuafions refpeftively:

Provided

Powers of Commissioners extended to all Charities in * England and Wales.

Exception.

No Stamp Ditties on Proceedings;

nor on Copies or Extracts of Wills,*©, required by Commissioners.

Proviso for Universities, Public Schools, &c.

4*18

Commissioners to report thereon.

Proviso for Charities wholly or chiefly supported by voluntary Contributions, &c.

Proviso for Acts of Commissioners under recited Act heretofore done..

58 <5. 3. c. 91. and this Act construed together.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

C. SI.	59° GEO. Ilf.	A;D.	1819;

Provided always, that the faid Commlflkmers (hall report the' NaOftes of all fuch Charities aforefaid as have Special Vifitors, Governors or Overfeers appointed, to His Majefty, and both Houfes of Parliament.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That this Aft or any of the Provifions therein contained (hall not extend or be conftnied to extend to any Inftitution, Eftablifhment or Society for Charitable Purpofes, wholly or principally maintained by voluntary Contributions, and under the Superintendence and Controul of any Committee or Governors, or other . Perfon or Perfons chofen or appointed out of or by voluntary Subfcribers thereto ; and that the Application of any Donation or Bequeft to the general Purpofes of any fuch Inftitution, Eftablifhment or Society, in aid of fuch voluptary Contributions, (hall not be fubjeft to the Examination or Interference of the Cotn-miflioners appointed under this Aft : Provided always, that the Management and Application of the Rents and Profits of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to fuch Inftitution, Eftabliftiment or Society, for the Period of Twenty Years or upwards befefre the palling of this Aft, (hall in all fuch Cafes be fubjeft to the Examination of the faid Commiftioners at their Difcretion.

IX.	Provided alfJ, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall alter, invalidate, infringe or impugn any Aft, Matter or Thing whatfoever, which at any time before the palling of this Aft, hath been done or performed, or which after the palling of this Aft and before the Appointment of Commiftioners under the Authority of this Aft, (hall or may be done or performed by any Com-miflioners appointed under the faid recited Aft of the laft Seftion of Parliament, or by their Secretary, Clerks, Officers or Servants, or by any Perfon or Perfons under the Orders of the faid Commiftioners or any of them, in the Execution of the Powers of the faid recited Aft ; but that all fuch Afts, Matters and Things (hall be as eood^ valid and effeftual, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if this Aft had never been pafted or made; any thing in this Aft to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

X.	And be it further enafted, That the faid recited Aft of the laft Seftion of Parliament, fo far as the fame is not exprefsly altered or repealed by this Aft, (hall remain in force ; and that the faid recited Aft and this Aft (hall be conftrued together as one Aft, fo far as the fame are compatible and confident with each other, and as if the Claufes and Provifions in. this Aft contained had been inferted in the faid recited Aft of the Fifty eighth Year aforefaid, and had made Part thereof.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That any Aftion or Suit which (hall be brought againft any Commiftioners appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, or againft any Perfon or Perfons afting under the Authority or by the Order of fuch Commiftioners, or any of them, for any thing done or afted by him or them under the faid recited Aft or this Aft, (hall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Faft committed (in refpeft of which fuch Aftion or Suit (hall be brought or commenced) and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in every fuch Aftion or Suit may plead the General IiTue, and

S've the faid recited Aft and this Aft, and the Special. Matter in vidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon ; and if fuch Aftion or Suit (hall be brought or commenced after the time fo limited for

bringing

A.D. 1819,

59° GEO. III.

C.81,82.

449

bringing the fame, then the Jury (hall find a Verdi d for the Defendant or Defendants; and in fuch Cafe, or if the Jury (hall find a Verdi & for the Defendant or Defendants upon the Merits, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difcontinue his or their Adion after Appearance, or if upon Demurrer Judgment (hall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants (hall have Treble Cofts, which he or they (hall and may recover in fuch and the fame manner as any Defendant can by Law in other Cafes.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid recited Ad and this Ad (hall continue in force until the Fir ft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and tw enty three, and from thence until the End of the then next Seflion of Parliament.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Ad or Ads to be paffed in this prcfent Seflion of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Ad to amend an Ad made in the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for enabling the Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland to pu^hafe Premifes for ereding Docks, Warehoufes and Offices in Dublin.

[6th July 1819.]

4 YT7HEREAS by an Ad made in the Fifty fifth Year of the 4 W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled Ah A3 to enable 4 the Commiffumers of Cu/loms and Port Duties in Ireland to purchafc

*	Premifes for the ereding additional Docks, Warehoufes and Offices, in € Dublin, certain Powers were given to the faid Commiflioners for

*	carrying the faid Ad into Execution: And Whereas further Powers ‘ are'neceffary to be given for more fully effeduating the Purpofes of

*	the faid Ad 5*. Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Maiefty, bv and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by tne Authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorifed arid empowered, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Three of them, to order and dired any Perfon or Perfons whom they (hall appoint for that Purpofe, to clofe and flop up any Street, Road, Lane, Court or Alley, or any Part thereof, contained within or pafling through any Ground or Premifes purchafed or to be purchafed by the faid Commiflioners, for the Purpofes in the faid Ad mentioned; provided sflways, that the faid Commiflioners, or any Three *of them, (nail give Tdn Days previous public Notice in the Dublin Gazette, and in any One of the. Newlp&pers publiftied in Dublin, of their Intention to flop or clofe up any fuch Street, Road, Lane, Court or Alley, or any Part thereof; and it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered, to renew fufch Warrant or Warrants from time to time, as Occafion may require*.

II.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiflioners, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered, from time to time, by and with the Confent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief 59 Geo. III.	G	g	Governor

Treble Costa.

Continuance of Acta.

Act amended, &c. this Session.

55 <*.3. c.144.

Si.

Commissioners empowered to stop tip Streets, Alleys, &c. on Notice in Dublin Gazette.

Commissioners may treat with Parties injured by stopping up Streets, &c.

450

C.82.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

end make Compensation to them.

In case of Disagreement, Amount of Compensation to be ascertained by a Juiy ;

and paid out of Custom Duties by Commissioners.

Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to contraft or agree with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any Houfe or Houfes, Building or Buildings, or Parcel or Parcels, or Plot or Plots of Grounds and PremifeB, or with the immediate Leffee’or Leffees of any fuch Houfe, Building or Ground, or with any Body •or Bodies Corporate, Sole or Aggregate, or with the Guardian or Guardians, Truftee or TrufteeS, Committee or Committees of any Ceftuicjue Trufts, Infants, Iffue unborn, Femes Covert, Idiots or Lunatics, for CompenfatiOn to be made for any Damage or Lofs that fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Leffee or LefTees, Body or Bodies Corporate, Sole or Aggregate, Ceftuique Trufts, Infants, Iffue unborn, Femes Covert, Idiots or Lunatics, (hall or may appear, on due Proof, to the Satisfaction of the faid Commif-fioners, or any Three of them, to have fuftained, or be likely to fuftain, for or by reafon of the (topping up, altering or changing any Street or Streets, Road or Paffage, Lane or Alley, within or leading through any Premifes purchafed or to be purchafed by the faid Commiffioners, for the Purpofes in the faid Aft mentioned; and fuch Agreement (hall be fufficient in Law, and binding to all Intents and Purpofes; and fuch Truftee or Truftees, Guardian or Guardians, or Committed or Committees, (hall be and are hereby autho-rifed effectually to releafe the faid Commiffioners, their Heirs and Succeffors, from all fuch Lofs and Damages; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, by -and -with fuch Confent and Approbation as aforefaid, to pay to fuch Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid fuch Sum and Sums of Money as the faid Commilfioners, or any Three of them, (hall think reafon able for fuch Damages as aforefaid, out of any Money in their Hands arifing from the Duties of Cuftoms payable in Ireland.

III.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafe the faid Commif-fioners, or any Three of them, cannot agree with fuch Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lellee or Leffees, Body or Bodies Corporate, Sole or Aggregate, or the Guardian or Guardians, Truftee or Truftees, Committee or Committees of any Ceftuique Trufts, Infants, Iffue unborn, Femes Covert, Idiots, Lunatics or any of them, as to the Amount of fuch Sum or Sums to be paid as Compensation for fuch Damage as aforefaid, that then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for every fuch Perfon or Perfons who fhall think him, her or themfelves aggrieved or injured by the flopping any fuch Street, Road, Lane, Court or Alley as aforefaid, or any Part thereof, to lay their Claim for Compensation or Account of the fame by Petition before the faid Commiffioners ; and the faid Commiffioners,or any Thre£ of them, are hereby autho-rifed and required to caufe the Amount of fuch Compenfation for fuch Damage or Injury fo complained of, to be ascertained by a Jury or Juries before the faid Commiffioners, or any Three of them, in like manner, and with all and every the Hke Powers to them in that behalf, as by the faid recited Aft they are authorised to ufe and exercife with refpeft to the Valuation and Purchafe of the Right, Title and Intereft of any Perfon or Perfons in and to Grounds, Houfes and Buildings, by the faid Aft direfted to be valued and afeertained ; and the Said Commiffioners, or any Three of them, are hereby authorifed and required to pay all fuch Damages as (hall be fo awarded, and ftieh other Sum and Sums of Money as (hall be found neceffury far the

Pur-

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

C. 82»	iSl

Purpofes of this A&, out of any Money in their Hands anting from the Duties of Cuftoms payable in Ireland.

* IV. And Whereas the faid Commiffioners of Cuftoms, in pur- Recited tint

*	fuance of the faid recited Aft, and for the purpofe of carrying the

c fame into E&&, have heretofore, by themfelves or by Perfons stopped

*	a&ing under their Authority, (lopped up, altered or changed by Commia-

*	certaui Streets, Ways, Paffages or Roads through the faid Premifes, lioners.

*	for the purpofe of .forwarding and expediting the Public Works,

*	and which was absolutely unavoidable and neceflary to the Pur-

*	pofes of the faid Ad ; and therefore the faid Commiffioners, and

*	thofe a&ing by their Authority and under them, ought to be in-

*	demnified for having fo done, under the Conditions and Provifoes

*	hereinafter mentionedBe it therefore e'na&ed, That all Adions Actions, &c, or Suita, either at Law or in Equity, and all Indi&ments, Inform- against Persons ations, and all Profecutions and Proceedings whatfoever, which have llav’m8 stopped been or (hall be commenced or profecuted againft any Perfon or Per- ll£

Tons for or by reafon of fuch Perfon or Perfons having heretofore on summary ” (lopped up, altered or changed, or caufed to be flopped up, altered Application, or changed, any Street, Roam, Lane, Court, Alley or Paflage, within or through the (aid Premifes fo purchafed or leading through the time or any Part thereof, or for or by reafon of any other Ad,

Matter or Thing commenced, appointed or dotie in relation to the Premifes, (hall be and the fame are hereby made void and of no effect; and the Courts in which refpediveiy fuch Adion or Adions,

Suit or Suits, or Proceedings, have been or (hall be commenced, are hereby authorifed and required, on Application made to fuch Courts for the Purpofe in a fummary Way, and it appearing to fuch Courts by Affidavit or the Admiffion of the Parties, that the faid Adion s.

Suits, Indidments or Proceedings were commenced or profecuted for the purpofes hereinbefore mentioned, to order that all fuch Adion9,

Suits, Indidments or Proceedings (hall ceafe and be ftayed; and the faid Commiffioners and all and eve A fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be and they and he are and is hereby for ever acquitted, difoharged and indemnified, of, from and againft all fuch Adions, Suits, India* ments and Proceedings accordingly.

V. Provided always, and be it enaded, That it (hall and may be Parties having lawful for any Perfon.or Perfons who (hall have commenced or pro- c<>mEhence<r ceeded on any fuch Adion, Suit or Indi&ment, o* taken fuch Pro- *uc^ ceedings, to prefer his, her or their Petition to the faid Commif- pensation to™' fioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, in manner hereinbefore direded Commissioners, with refped to Perfons claiming Compenfation for Damages, thereby or in de&ult claiming Compenfation for fuch Damages as he or they may conceive °f agreeing themfelves entitled to, including fuch Cods as may have been incurred in any Adion, Suit, Indidment or Proceeding, which may have been * Ury‘ - r taken by him or them as aforefaid, and to have and receive fuch Compenfation for fuch Damages, Lofs and Coils as the faid Com-	;

miffioners (hall deem reafonable, and which (hall be agreed upon	,

between them and the Party or Parties fo claiming Compenfation as aforefaid ; and in cafe no fuch Agreement can be made, then, it (hall be lawful for fuch Perfon or Perfons to have and receive fuch Com^' penfation for fuch Damage, Lofs and Coils, as may be awarded by a Jury, to whom the faid Commiffioners are hereby authorifed and required to refer the fame, in like manner and according to the feveral Powers, Provisions and Regulations in the. faid recited A&~and this ..v	Gg‘2	Ad

590 GEO. III.

C. 82,85.

A.D. 1819.

The Duties end Drawbacks specified in Schedule levied and allowed, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks.

Warehoused Goods to paj the Duties though fan-person Dtran July s, itl9

&C.

Ad contained, and which Compenfation the faid Commiffioners are hereby authorifed to ipake and pay as afore faid.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An AGt to grant Duties of Cuftoms and to allow Drawbacks on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into and exported from Inland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles; and to make further Regulations for fecuring the Duties of Cultoms in Ireland.

* [7th July 1819O

‘ Mod Gracious Sovereign,

‘ TT7E, Your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjects, the * W Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and ‘ Ireland, in Parliament affembled; towards railing the neceffary ‘ Supplies granted to Your Majefty, and for the Support of Your 1 Majedy’s Government, do molt humbly befeech Your Majefty that ‘ it may be ena&edand be it ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament aflem-bled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, there (hall be railed, levied, colleded and paid unto and for the Ufe of His Majefty, Hie Heirs and Succeflbrs, in ready Money (except as hereinafter is provided), without any Difcount whatever, upon" the Importation into Ireland of the feveral Goods, Wares and Merchandife mentioned and fet forth in the Schedule to this Ad annexed, the feveral Duties of Cuftoms as inferted, described and fet forth in Figures in the faid Schedule, according to the refpe&ive Amounts of the faid Duties; and that on the Exportation of the faid Goods, Wares and Merchandife from Ireland (except to Great Britain )y there (hall alfo be paid and allowed the feveral Drawbacks in refpe& of the faid Duties of Importation, as the fame are alfo refpedivefy inferted, fpedfied and fet forth in the faid Schedule; and that the faid Duties and Drawbacks (hall be in lieu and full Satisfa&ion of all Duties and Drawbacks payable in Ireland upon the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandife of the like Sorts, under or by virtue of any Aft or Ads of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Ad : Provided always, that fuch of the Duties in the faid Schedule mentioned, as are impofed on certain Articles which (hall be imported after certain Days mentioned in the faid Schedule, (hall be payable from and after fuch Days refpe&ively, and not before*

II.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That the Duties granted, mentioned and fet forth in this A ft, and the Schedule thereto annexed, (hall be charged and payable on all fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandife therein mentioned as having been imported into Ireland* (hall have been or (hall be warehoufed, or (hall have been fecund without the Duties due on the Importation thereof having been firft: paid, and* as (hall remain or (hall have remained fo warehoufed or lecuied on or after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, or on or after any Day on which any fuch Duties (hall become payable in purfuance or by Authority of anjr Ad or Ads ofx Parliament in force for that Purpofe, although fuch

Goods,

A.D: 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.83.

4S3

2s. jfd. British Currency, Part of Duty of 8b. 7<L on crery

Goods, Wares or Merchandife may hate been imported before the

faid Days refpeftively: Provided always, that luch Duties /hall Proviso as to

not be charged or payable on any fuch Goods, Wares or Men- time of charging

chandife, until the time when the Duties, which fuch Goods, Wares Dutlcs-

or Merchandife /hall have been fubjeft tp before the faid Days re*

fpeftiveiy, would have been payable by Law.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it enacted, That in all Cafes where the Duties herein Whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation into Ireland mentioned may of any of the Goods, Wares and Merchandife fpecified in the faid be secured by Schedule to this Aft annexed, are of /hall be permitted to be fecured

by Bond or otherwife, by virtue of any Aft or Afts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of fuch Importation, the Duties by this Aft and the faid Schedule granted or impofed on fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandife, may in like manner, and under the fame Rules,

Regulations,. Reftriftions and Conditions, be permitted to be fecured by Bond or otherwife.

IV.	Andi be it further enafted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight * hundred and nineteen, and until the fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty two, 7cu un the Sum of Two Shillings and Four pence Briti/h Currency, Part Cxrt of Cotton of the Duty of Eight Shillings and Seven pence Briti/h Currency Wool imported payable at the time of the palling of this Aft, on every Hundred f™™ British Pounds Weight of Cotton Wool, being the Produce of and imported Colonies m direftly from any Briti/h Colony or Plantation in America, /ha1J be and the fame is hereby iufpended ; and that from and after the faid July fg22;

Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, until and 3d. per and upon the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred Cwt-and twenty two, the Sum of Six Shillings and Three pence Briti/h Currency, and no more, (hall be paid on every One hundred Pounds Weight of fuch Cotton Wool imported into Ireldhd; and in cafe Cotton W00T the Importer or Proprietor of any Cotton Wool or Waite of Cotton of any Country Wool, the Produce of any Brittfi) Colony or Plantation in America, bas been not being imported direftly from thence, or of any Cotton Wool or Wafle 01 Cotton Wool, the Produce of any other Country or Place,	jg^

which (hall have been fecured in Warehoufes at any time on or to pay the Duty before the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and on being taken twenty, fhall be defirous of taking any fuch Cotton Wool or Wafle out for Con-of Cotton* Wool out of fuch Warehoufe, after the faid Fifth Day of	,n

January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, for the purpofe of n being ufed or confumed in Ireland\ then and in lueh Cafe the Duties

. impofed by this Aft, and the Schedule thereto annexed, on fuch Cotton Wool or Wafle of Cotton Wool imported after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, according to the Value thereof, fhall be payable and paid on inch Cotton Wool or Wafle of Cotton Wool fo taken out of Warehoufe, notwithfland-ing fuch Cotton Wool or Wafle of Cotton *Wool may have been imported and warehoused on or before the faid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.

V.	And be it further ena&ed. That it fhall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of the Cuflome and Port Duties in Ireland, by Wool on Proof and with the Confent and Approbation of the faid Commiffioners of that Orders His Majeffcy’s Treafury, or any Three of them, upon Proof to the were given for Satisfaction of the faid Commiffioners of the Cufloms and Port Duties **5“^“^**" that Orders were given for the Purchafe of any Sheeps Wool or ^p^ymeotoC

GgS	Lambs	.g.pjjb.

4$1

C. 83.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Duties payable before Act on Produce herein mentioned of Fish taken at Newfoundland, and on Cranberries, &c. of that Country imported, suspended till July 5, 1814.

Duties payable cm Goods exported from Ireland to Newfoundland suspended till July 5, 1824.

Proviso as to Entry and land &c.

Drawbacks to remain which were payable on Goods exported from Ireland under any Act in force be foie passing of this Act.

JLarabrVfool at any time before the pafliiig of thi8 Aft, and that fuch Sheeps Wool or Lambs Wool (hall be imported into Ireland at any time after the pafling of this A61, to admit fuch Sheeps Wool or Lambs Wool to Entry, upon Payment of the Duty of One Penny fer Pound only ; and that^luch Sheeps Wool or Lambs Wool (o imported, in purfuance of any fuch Orders, {hall be fubjeft and liable to the faid Duty of One Penny fer Pound, and no more, on Import* ation into Ireland; any thing m this A61, or the Tables thereto annexed, to the- contrary notwithftanding.

VI. And be it further enafted* That the Payment of the feveral Duties of Cuftoms impofed by any A61 or Ads in force in Ireland immediately before the pafling of tnis Ad, on the Importation into Ireland of Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter and Whale Fins, the Produce of Fifh or Creature* living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Ifland of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Maiefty’s Subjeds carrying on fuch Fiftiei;y from that Ifland; and alio the Duties payable under any fuch Ad or Ads on Cranberries, Fox Skins, Otter Skins, Wolf Skins, Bear Skins, Cat Skins, Beaver Skins, and on Timber being the Produce of Newfoundland, and imported dire6Uy from thence, ihall be and the fame are hereby fufpended, and the faid Duties (hall not be charged or payable on any fuch Articles from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty four iaclufive ; and alfo, that all Duties payable upon Goods, Wares and Merchandife, exported from Ireland to the faid Ifland of Newfoundland, under an Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for granting Duties of Cufloms on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandife from Ireland, {hall be and the fame are hereby in like manner fufpended, and (hall not re* fpeftively be charged or payable, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty four incluiive; any thing in the faid A6b, or any of them, or in this Aft to the contra™ notwith-ftanding: Provided always, that fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandife ’ fhall be duly entered ana landed, and fhall be fubjeft in every refpeft to all the Regulations required by Law ; and that the feveral Duties hereby fufpended, fhall revive and become payable, from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty four, in fuch and the. like manner as if the faid Sufpenflon of Duty had not taken place.

VII. And be it further enafted. That the Drawbacks granted, allowed and made payable upon pr in refpeft of any of the Goods, Wares and Merchandife mentioned and fpecified in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, or any of them, under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts in force immediately before the pafling of this Aft, (hall remain and continue payable with refpeft to fuch Gpods, Wares and Merchandife as (hall have paid the Duties impofed on the Importation thereof under fuch Afts refpeftively, and as (hall be exported from ■ Ireland at any time after the faid Firth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ; and that the feveral and refpeftive Drawbacks granted, allowed and made payable by or under this Aft, or the Schedule thereto £inexed, or any .of them, fhaU be paid Ind allowed only on the Exportation of fqcb Articles as (hall have paid the feveral and refpeftive Duties impofed thereon by this Aft, and the Schedule thereto annexed*

VIII. And

AJ0..I319.

59° GEO. III.

*55

CL S3.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all the Duties and Draw-bqrks in this A€t and the Schedule hereunto annexed, fpecified, mentioned and contained, (hall be paid and payable, and received and receivable in Briti/b Currency ; and that all the faid Duties Ihall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom* of Great Britain and Ireland; and that all the faid Duties and Drawbacks in the -faid Schedule fpecified, mentioned and contained, ihall be paid and received upon the Several Articles and Things in this A& and the faid Schedule hereunto annexed, fpecified, mentioned and Contained, according to thb Tale, Weight, Gauge, Meafure or Value of the faid Articles refpe&ively fpecified, and alfo in proportion upon, any greater or lefs Number, Weight, Quantity, Meafure or Value of fuch Articles, Matters and Things refpe&ively.

4 IX. And Whereas by the Several A6U for the Union of Great 4 Britain and Irelandit was among other things provided and ena&ed, 4 that all Duty charged on the Import of Foreign or Colonial Goods 4 into either Country, fhould, on their Export to the other, be drawn 4 back, or the Amount, if any were retained, fhould be placed to 4 the Credit of the Country to which they fhould be exported, So

*	long as the Expenditure of the United Kingdom fhould be defrayed

•	by proportional Contributions: And Whereas, by an A & made in 4 the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An 4 AH to unite and confolidate into One Fund, all the Public Revenues of 4 Great Britain and Ireland, and to provide for the Application thereof 4 to the general Service of the 'United Kingdom, it is ena&ed, that from 4 and after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred 4 and Seventeen, all Rates, Duties, Taxes, Receipts, Sums of Money 4 and Revenues, of what Nature or Kind Soever, which fhall or may 4 conftitute or form Part of, or be dire&ed to be carried to the 4 Several Funds called the Confolidated Fund of Great Britain and 4 the Confolidated Fund of Ireland refpe&ively, fhall be carried to, 4 and (hall be and become, and fhall form and conftitute One general 4 Fund, to be called The Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom 4 of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the faid Confolidated Fund 4 of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, after Pay-4 ment and Satisfa&ion of certain Charges in the faid laft recited A& 4 mentioned, fhall be indifcriminately applied to the Service of the 4 United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Part thereof* 4 as fhall be duelled by Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient to 4 continue the Payment of Drawbacks on the Export of Foreign and 4 Colonial Goods from Ireland to Great Britain ;9 Be it therefore coa&ed. That from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, all Duties of Cuftoms and Excife charged and paid on the Importation into Ireland of any Foreign or Colonial "Goods, Wares or Merchandise, fhall, on the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of fuch Goods, Wares ^nd Merchandise, be drawn back, and paid and allowed to* the Exporters of fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandise, under and fubje& to all fuch Rules, Regulations and Reftri&ions as are required by any A& or A&s in force m Ireland immediately before the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

4 X. And Whereas, by Several A£b in force in Ireland, Duties 4 of Cuftoms are impofed on certain Foreign Goods, Wares and 4 Merchandise imported into Ireland dire&ly from the Place of their

G g *	4 Growth

Duties and Drawbacks in British Currency.

Duties earned to Consolidated Fund of United Kingdom, and levied according to Tale, &c. of Goods.

39* 40 G.3. c. 67. Art. 6.

56 G. 3. Cm 9$.

5 i-

Drawback of Import Duties on Foreign or Colonial Goods exported from Ireland to G. B.

Foreign Goods imported into Ireland fVom G. B. to pay Duty as if they

G.4&

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

hod been imported direct f rom Foreign Parts.

Regulations lor ascertaining the Place of Growth, &c. of such Goods.

Wine in Bottles may be imported for private Use from any Ports withiu the Limits of £. 1. C. on Payment of Duty.

Declaration by Importer.

Owners of Foreign Spirits and Wines lost from Staving e^in the un-shipping, may have Duty remitted, Bond cm celled, &c.;

‘ Growth or Produce, and higher Duties of Cuftoms are impofed on

•	the like Goods, Wares ana Merchandise, if imported not diredUy

•	from the Place of their Growth or Produce ; and it is expedient ‘ that the like Duties fhould be paid on all fuch Foreign Goods 4 imported into Ireland from Great Britain, as if fuch Foreign Goods

•	had been imported from Foreign PartsBe it therefore ena&ed. That on the Importation of any fuch Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandife into Ireland from Great Britain, fuch Import Duty of Cuftom8 (hall be paid and payable, as if fuch Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandife had been imported into Ireland front Foreign Parts, either diredtly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not diredUy from fuch Place, according as they were in fadt at firft fo imported from Foreign Parts into Great Britain; and that for the purpofe of afeertainmg whether any fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandife were firft imported into Great Britain diredUy from the Place of their Growth or* Produce, or not diredUy from fuch Place, it (hall be fpecified and fet forth in every Cocket or Clearance of any fuch Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandife exported from Great Britain to Irelandy whether fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandife were firft imported into Great Britain diredUy from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not diredUy from fuch Place, and the Import Duty of Cuftoms on fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandife (hall be payable accordingly on fuch Goods when imported into Ireland from Great Britain; and if it (hall not be exprefied and fet forth in fuch Cocket or Clearance of fuch. Goods, Wares or Merchandife, whether the fame were fo firft imported into Great Britain diredUy from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not diredUy from fuch Place, then and in fuch Cafe fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandife (hall be and be deemed liable to fuch Duties of Cuftoms, on their Importation into Ireland from Grcnt Britain9 as if the fame had been imported into Ireland from Foreign Parts, not diredUy from the Place or their Growth or Produce; any thing in any Act cr Adfcs to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.	And be it further enadted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, it (hall and may be lawful to import into Ireland from any Parts within the Limits ot the Charter granted to the United Company t>f Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, any Wine whatever in Bottles for private Ufe, on Payment of the feveral and refpe&ive Duties, as well of Cuftoms as Excife, due and payable- on the Importation of fuch Wines into Ireland: Provided always, that the Importer of fuch Wine, or his known Agent or Factor, (hall make a Declaration before the Officer of the Cuftoms at the Port of Importation, ftating the Nature and Quantity of fuch Wine, and that the fame is for private Ufe, and not intended to be fold ; and that fuch Wine (hall be regularly entered add landed under the Care of the proper Officers of the Cuftoms.

XII.	And be it further enadted, That from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the time being refpe&ively, to repay or allow to the Importers, Owners, Proprietors or Confignees of Foreign Spirits, Wine or other Liquors which (hall be loft by accidental Staving on (hipboard, or in the

unfhipping

ID. 1819*

59° GEO. III.

C.8S.

457

unlhipping thereof before the landing thereof, the Ditties of Cuftom* which final have become payable, or (hall have been paid for or in refpefit of fuch Spirits, Wine or other Liquors, and to remit the Duties of Cuftoms, and to cancel and vacate the Cuftoms Bond for or in refpeft of all. fuch Spirits, Wine and other Liquors, for which no fuch Duties (hall have been paid, but for which Security (hall have been given by Bond taken for or in refpeft of the Warehoufing thereof, before Payment of the Duties under or by virtue of any Aft or Ads in force m Ireland, for permitting Goods imported to be ware-houfed or fecured without Payment of Duty, and which (hall be fo loft by fuch accidental (taring : Provided always neverthelefs, that no on Proof herein fuch Allowance or Repayment (hall be made, nor any fuch Duty be mentioned remitted, nor any fuch Bond, or any Part thereof, be cancelled or vacated, uidefs Proof (hall be made to the Satisfaftion of the faid Commiffioners, that fuch Spirits, Wine or other Liquors were loft nionen of by fuch accidental ftaving, and not from any Want pf due Care or Custom* Precaution on the Part of the Importer, Owner, Proprietor or Con-fignee thereof, or. his, her or their Agent: Provided alfo, that every foch Bond (hall be and remain in full force and effeft, as to all the	*

Spirits, Wine or other Liquors to which the fame (hall relate, and which (hall not be fo proved to have been loft by fuch accidental having, and for or in refpeft whereof the Duties of Cuftoms (hall not be fo remitted; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwith-ft anding.

XIIl.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral Rates and Duties mad Duties, and Drawbacks and Bounties, by. this Aft granted or allowed	.

and made payable, (hall be raifed, levied, coUefted, paid and applied, °^ leirlcd in the dune manner, and under fuch Powers and Authorities, ana fub- pna* je& to fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, and by fuch Ways and Methods, and under fuch Rules and Direftions as are appointed, direfted and expreffed for the railing, collecting, levying and paying and managing of Duties, Drawbacks or Bounties payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported into and exported from Ireland^ or for the levying and applying any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Aft of Parliament made in Ireland in .the Fourteenth and Fir- *4 ft 15 C. tcenth Years of the Reign of His late Majefty King Charles the ®*

Second, intituled An Ad far fettling the Excife or New Jmpoft upon His

Majefty, His Heirs and Succejforsy according to the Book of Rates therein

mferted; or by an A£t made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent 46 G. 3. c. 106.

Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Ad to provide for the better Execution of

the feveral Ads relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the

Management of the Comnufftoners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and of the

Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland ; or in and by any

other A£t or Affcs in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of

Cuftoms and Excife or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all

Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame Powers and Authorities, Rules

and Dire&ions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein exprefled and

exuded, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or

Parties aggrieved, as in and by the faid Ad pafled in the Fourteenth

and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majefty King Charles

the Second, or in and by any other A61 or Acts as aforefaid, is

provided.	•

• XIV. And Whereas, by the feveral A6ls in force for the grant-4 rag of Duties of Cuftoms on Goods, Wares and Merchandife im-

4 ported

458

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819*

When Duties of Customs or Excise payable in G. B. oh Articles imported are reduced, Treasury to cause a Schedule to be prepared of like Articles imported into Ireland, and specify therein Butin so reduced accord- ' ingly; and Drawbacks specified in like Manner.

And the Sums specified deemed the reduced Duties and Drawbacks, and paid and allowed as former Duties and Drawbacks.

C. 83.

‘ ported into Ireland, it is enafted, that whenever it fhall happen that 4 any of the Duties, or any Part of the Duties of Cuftoms or Excife,

« granted or made payable in Great Britain upon any Articles im-ported into Great Britain, upon which Duties of Cuftoms are im-‘ pofed in Ireland, fhall ceafe and determine, or be repealed, or be or 4 become no longer payable in Great Britain, Provifion fhall be made,

‘ that fo much of the Duties of Cuftopis payable in Ireland, as fhall * be equal to the Duties which' fhall fo ceafe or determine or be re-1 pealed in Great Britain, fhall in like manner ceafe or determine, or ‘ be repealed, and fhall not be payable in Ireland at any time after ‘ the time when fuch Duties of Cuftoms or Excife fhall ceafe or ‘ determine, or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in ‘ Great Britain, and that the Duties of Cuftoms made payable in Ire-*■ AWfhall be reduced accordingly For the better carrying of the faid Provifion into effeft, be it enafted, That whenever any Aft or Afts fhall be palled for repealing any Duties and Drawbacks of Cuftoms or Excife on any Goods, Wares or Merchandife imported into or exported from Great Britain, and for granting other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof, it fhall and may . be lawful for the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom* of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, to caufe a Table or Schedule to be prepared under the Direction of the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in - Ireland, enumerating the feveral Articles imported into or exported from Great Britain, on which the Duties or Drawbacks of Cuftoms (and Excife if any) fhall be left than the Duties or * Drawbacks of Cuftoms payable or allowable on the like Articles imported into or exported from Ireland, in which Table- or Schedule the * reduced Amount of Duties or Drawbacks of Cuftoms which fhall in conCequence become payable on fuch Articles refpeftively, imported into or exported from Ireland, fhall be ftated and fet forth in Figures oppofite each Article refpeftively fo enumerated, which faid reduced Duties or Drawbacks of Cuftoms on fuck Articles imported into or exported from Ireland, fhall be equal to the Amount of the Duties or Drawbacks of Cuftoms (and Excife if any) payable on fuch- Articles.imported into or exported from Great Britain ; and a Copy of fuch Table- or Schedule, when approved by the faid Commiffigners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them, fhall be figned by the faid Commiffioners of the Treafury,. or any Three of them, and fhall be transmitted to the faid Cotn-miflioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties in Ireland, with fuch Directions refpefting the fame as the faid Commiffioners of the Treafury fhall think proper and - neceffary ; and the Sums Specified in fuen Table or Schedule fo approved and figned, fhall be deemed and taken to be the proper reduced Duties and Drawbacks of Cuftoms payable or allowable in Ireland, on or in refpeft of fuch Articles, and fhall be levied and paid, and allowed in like manner as the Duties and Drawbacks of Cuftoms on the like Articles under any Aft or Afta in force in Ireland: Provided always, that no fuch Deduftion fhall take place upon any Article imported into Ireland, which fhall not pay a Duty of Cuftoms equal in Amount to the whole Duty of Cuftoms (and Excife if any) which fhall be payable oq the like Article imported into Great Britain.	•

‘ XV. And Whereas it is expedient to affimilate the Rate of 4 Drawback on the Exportation of Cordage from that Part of the

4 United

59° GEO. 111.

C. 83.

459

‘ United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, with < that which is by Law payable on the Exportation of the fame	;

4 Article from that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain Be it therefore ena&ed, That from and after the palling of this A&, Drawback on ' the fame Drawback and Allowance fhall be paid and allowed, and Exportation of parable and allowable, upon the Exportation of Cordage • from /re- Cordage from land to Foreign Parts, which is now by Law payable and allowable ^Exportatio^ on the like Exportation of the fame Artkle from Great Britain; of that Article, any Aft or Ads in force, in Ireland to the contrary thereof notwith- from G. B.

* SCHEDULE to which this Ad refers.

DUTIES of CUSTOMS to be paid, and Drawbacks to be allowed, upon tljc following Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported into Ireland from every Place except Great Britain, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles.

Tea imported from Great Britain, having been fold by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, at any time on or after the nth Day of June 1819, for every ioo/. of the Value of all fuch Tea fold at fuch Sales, at or under 21. per lb.

—— above 2j. per lb.

Pepper, Qiot being Pepper called Cayenne, Long Pepper, pr Guinea Pepper), the Pound Coffee, the Produce of any Britifh Colony or Plantation, the Pound -

------ the Produce of any Place within the Limits

of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, the Pound —■ the Produce of any other Country or Place, the Pound	•	-

Cocoa Nuts, which (hall be imported into Ireland from and after the 10th Day of October 1819,

■■■	  the	Produce	of any Britifh. Colony or

Plantation, the Pound — —	the	Produce	of any Place within the

. Limits of the Charter granted to the ’ United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, the Pound	-

■ .	■	the	Produce	of any other Country or

Place, the Pound

Duty.	Drawback.
Britifh Currency.	
£. * A	£. /. d.
96 0 0	•
100 0 0	—**
026	—
010	0 1 0
0 1 6	016
026	026
010	—
010		 .
026	026

A.D. 1819.

	Duty.	Drawback.
	Britifh Currency.	
Rice, ^he Produce of -and imported dire&ly from any Britifh Colony, Plantation or Territory, the cwt. -  —	if imported rough and in the Hulk, the cwt. -	 not being the Produce of and imported dire&ly  from any Britifh Colony or Plantation or Territory, and Rice the Produce of any other Country or Place, the cwt.  	if imported rough and in the Hulk, the cwt. -  Snuff, imported from any Place whatever, the Pound Wool, Sheeps Wool or Lambs Wool, viz.  4	the Produce of any Foreign Country in Europe,  -	- - until the ioth Day of O&ober 1819  inclufive, the lb. »  -	- - from and after the ioth Day of O&ober  1819,	the lb. -  —	■ ■ the Produce of any other Foreign Country,  -	- - until the 5th Day of January 1820 in-  clufive, the lb. -  -	- - from and after the 5th Day of January  1820,	the lb. -  —— the Produce of and imported dire&ly from any Britifh Colony or Territory,  ... until the 5th Day of January 1823 lUm clufive, the lb. -  -	- - from the 5th Day of January 1823 until  the 5th Day of January 1826 inclufive, the lb. - -  -	- - from and after the 5th Day of January  1826, the lb.  Cotton Wool,  Plantation in America, not imported dire&ly from thence, and Cotton Wool, or Wafte of Cotton Wool, the Produce of any other Country or Place, which fhall be imported into Ireland from and after the 5th Day of January 1820,  -	- - in a Britifh built fhip, for  every 160/. of the Value  -	- - in a Ship not Britifh built,  for every 100/. of the Value	£. /. d.  050  026  0 iy 0  0	10 0 060  001 006  001  006  001  003  006  600  1200	£. x. d.  022  010  022  O L O

CAP.

A.D.18t9.

59° GEO. IIL

C. 84.

461

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Ad to amend the Laws for making, repairing and improving the Roads and other Public Works in Ireland, by Grand Jury Prefentments, and for a more effe&ual Iuveftigation of fuen Prefcntments, and for further fecuring a true, full and faithful Account of all Monies levied under the fame.

[7th July 1819.]

4 WHEREAS It is highly expedient that the- Laws in force in < W Ireland* for the making, repairing and improving of Roads, 1 and for the building, repairing and maintaining of Public Works, 4 by the Application of Sums to be raifed by Presentments of Grand 4 Juries fhould be amended, and that Provifion fhould be made for « the more effe&ual Inveftigation of all Applications for fuch Pre-4 fentments, and for accounting for the Expenditure of the Money 1 raifed thereby Be it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the

a of this A A, no Affidavit (hall be neceflary to empower any Jury in Ireland to make any Presentment for the making or repairing, or improving any Road or Footpath, or lowering any Hill or filling any Hollow m any exifting or intended Road, or for building, repairing or altering, widening or extending any Bridge, Pipe, Sewer or Gullet thereon, or for building or repairing any Wall.or Part of a Wall neceffary to the Support of any Road, or to prevent any Ifeep Banks of Earth from falling .upon it, or for ere&ing any Fence or Railway or Wall For the Protection of Travellers from any dangerous Precipice or Hole, or for filling any Ditches, or making toy Fences or Drains, or for building, altering, repairing dr enlarging asy Court Houfe, Seffions Houfe, Workhoufe, Houfe of Correction, Gaol, County 'Infirmary or Hofpital, or for executing any other Public Work, any ACt or ACts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwftbftanding; but that inftead of fuch Affidavits, Applications made as near as may be in fome of the Forms marked A. B. C. D.

E.F.G.H.LK. L. in the Schedule to this ACt annexed, accompanied with fuch Eftitnates, Specifications, Maps, Plans, Sections or Elevations as are required bv fjich Schedule to be annexed to each Application refpeCtivelv, fhall, after having been previously taken into Confideration by the Magiftrates aflembled in Special Seffions in manner directed by this ACt, be the only Authority for empowering any Grand Jury to make Presentments for the Purpofes ftated in each fuch Application refpeCtively.

II.	And be it further enaCted, That from and after the paffing of this ACt it fhall and may be lawful for every Magiftrate of any County, County of a City, County of a Town, or (fity and County in Ireland) who fhall be feifed of a Freehold Eft ate or Eitates, in Fee Simple or in Fee Tail, or for Life, of the annual Value of Three hundred Pounds at the leaft, fituate in any Part of Ireland, or who (hall be Heir Apparent to any Perfon fo feifed, and for every Magif-trate who fhall be feifed or pofleflied of a Leafehold Eft ate or Eftates for Life, or for a Term of Years whereof not lefs than Fourteen Years fhall be usexpired, of the yearly Value of Five hundred Pounds

at

No Affidavit required for Authorising Presentments.

Instead of Affidavits, Applications art to be made in the Form herein mentioned. .

Certain Magistrates, and qualified as herein mentioned, to hold a Special Sessions for the Purposes of this Act.

462

C. 84.

59°GEO. IIL

A.D.1M9.

at the leaft, fituate in any Part of Ireland, or who being feifed of a Leafehold Eflate for Life, not being of fuch Value, (hall be alfo pofleffed of a Leafehold Eftate or Eftates for a Term of Years as aforefaid, which, together with fuch Eflate for Life (hall amount to the clear yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds at the leaft, in any Part of Ireland; and for every Perfon pofleffed of the clear Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds, over and above all his juft Debts, and refi-dent in the County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, wherein he (hall be a Magiftrate, and for every Ma-giftrate of any City and Liberties, County of a City, Countv of a' Town, or City and County, by virtue, of the Charter or Charters incorporating the fame; and where in any County of a City, or County of a Town incorporated by Charter, and confifting of a Chief Magiftrate, Aldermen and Burgeffes, there fhall not be more than Three Magiftrates, the Aldermen of the faid Corporation fhall be entitled to aft as Magiftrates for the Purpofes of this A61; and for every ‘Magiftrate being a Re6tor or Vicar of anv Reftory or Vicarage of the yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds, within the County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, wherein he fhall be a Magiftrate; and for every Magiftrate in any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, or City and County, really and bond jide refiding therein, who (hall be Agent to the Owner or Owners of any Eftate or Eftates therein of the annual Value of Six , thoufand Pounds for the Eftate or Eftates therein belonging to fuch Owner, amounting to the faid annual Value, whether {uch Agent fhall or (hall not be feifed or poffeffed in his own Right of any Eftate, to affemble, and all fuch Magiftrates are hereby required to affemble from time to time, and to hold a Special Seflions for the Purpofes of this A6t, in fuch Place and Places, and at fuch time and times, and within and for fuch Baronies, Half Baronies, or other Portions of the County, County of a City, County of a*Town, or City and County, for which they (hall be Magiftrates, as the Grand Jury of fuch County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, (hall from time to time have appointed for that puipofe, purfuant to the Directions of this A61, by Presentments at each Aflizes immediately preceding.,

Pisces for	III.	And be it further ena6ted, That it (hall be lawful for the

holding Special feveral Grand Juries at the feveral Summer Aflizes next after the si^medbv* P21®11^ °f this A6t, and at every Spring and Summer Aflizes follow* presentment of m cvei7 County, County of a City, County of a Town, and City Grand Jury. and County in Ireland, and they are hereby required to appoint, by Prefentment, certain Places within the refpeftive Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns (not more than One in each Barony or Half Barony), at which and the times when the Magiftrates of fuch Counties, Counties of Cities, Counties of Towns and Cities and Counties, qualified as by this A61 is dire6led, (hall affemble. in Special Seflions to be holden previous to the next eafuing Aflizes for fuch Counties, Counties of Cities, Counties of Towns, and Cities and *	•	Counties	refpe&ively,	for	taking	into confideration all Applications

which (hall be made at fuch Semons for any of the Purpofes afore* laid, and alfo for examining all Accounts of the 'Expenditure of Money presented for the Purpofes aforefaid in manner dire&ed by Particulars to this Aft; and that every Presentment appointing fuch Places (haul be contained in likewtfe appoint and define the Portion of the County, Countr of a

+	'City

59° GEO. HI.

C* 84.

463

City, County of a Town, or City and County, /or which all Appii- such Present-cations for Preferments therein are to be confidered, and aU Accounts raent*‘ of Expenditure therein to be examined} by the Magiftrates at each fuch Place of holding fuch Seffions ; and every Prefentment appointing the time for fuch Magiftrates to aflemble at fuch Special Seffions,

(hall appoint their Firft Meeting preparatory to each Affizes to be held at the County Court Houle, arid (hall appoint each fubfequent Meeting at other Places to be held on fuch Days fucceffively, a9 fhali feem beft flitted for giving a Power of full Confideration to the Magiftrates m Seffions at each Place, without unneceffary Delay, declaring how many Days the faid Meeting may laft in fuch Place; and k flialt alfo be lawful for the Grand Jury at every fuch Affizes to dire&, by Prefentment, what Number of Copies of the Schedules of all Applications to be made at fuch Seffions (hall be printed, and diftributed by the Secretary to the Grand Jury, previous to the then next enfuing Affizes.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Magiftrate (hall, before Magistrate* he (hall a& at any fuch Seffions, take and fubferibe the Oath follow- before they act, ing, in open Court, in the Prefence of any Two other Magiftrates to Jake the ancxnbled at fuch Seffions, which Oath any one Magiftrate is hereby 0 owmg authorifed and required to adminifter ; (that is to fay).

I A» £• of	do	fwear.	That	I am feifed Oatli.

of a Freehold Eftate or Eftates in Fee Simple [or, in Fee Tail, or as Tenant for Life ] in Poffeflion, of the annual Value of

or that I am Heir Apparent to C. D. who is feifed of fuch Eftate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, or that I am feifed of a Leasehold Eftate for Life, or for a Term of Years, whereof not lefs than	Years	are	unexpirod, of the annual Value

of	and that fuch Eftate is	fituate

in	[Jtating in what Part of	Ireland

the fame is fituated, and fptcifying the Name of the EJlate or other Defcnptum of the Property], and that the faid Eftate or Eftates is or are bond fide my Property [as the cafe may be] and not holden in Truft nor conveyed for the Purpofes of an A6t [reciting the Title of this AS], or that I am feifed of a Leafehold Eftate or Eftates for Life, not being of fuch Value, and am alfo poftefied of a Leafehold Eftate or Eftates for a Term of Years as aforefaid, which, together with fuch Eftate or Eftates for Life, are of the animal Value of	and	that	fuch	Eftates

are fituate in	[fating	in	what	Part	of

Ireland the fame are ftuated in, and fptcifying the Names of the Efates or other Defcripttons of the Property ], or that I am pofleffed of a " clear perfonal Property of .

over and above all my juft Debts and Incumbrances, and that I refide in the County, [County of the City, County of the Town, or City and County, as the cafe may bej or that I am a Magiftrate of the City and Liberty, County of the City of County of the Town, or City and County of	[as

*tbe cafe may Ae], by virtue of the Charter or Charters incorporating the fame ; or that I am Re<9tor (or, Vicar) of the Re&ory (or, Vicarage) of	within	the	County	[or,	County	of	a

City, County of a Town, or City and County, as the cafe may be] and which Re&ory (or, Vicarage) is of the yearly Value of

or that I am Agent of	the	Owner

* of

C. 84.

59* GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

I

I

Chairman at Meetings to deliver to Secretary of Grand Jury a List of Magistrates taking Oath.

Places to be appointed for public Notices by Church* wardens.

Amount of Money to be expended in fitting up Places appointed.

Parishes to keep such Places in repair.

Notice of Applications to Special Sessions.

4 of an Eftate (or, Eftates) in the County [or, County of the City,

*	County of the Town, or City and County, a* the cafe may be\

‘ of	wherein I am a Magiftrate, of the annual

*	Value of	at leaft, belonging to fuch

*	Owner, and that I really and bona fide refide in this County, and ‘ that in the Execution .of the faid Aft I will truly, faithfully and ‘ impartially do and perform all fuch Matters and Things as I am

*	authorised and required to do by the faid Aft, without Favour,

1 AfFeftion, Hatred, Malice or 111 Will, according to the bed of

*	my Judgment, upon the Information to be laid before me.

* So help me GOD/

And that fuch Magiftrate (hall prefide as Chairman at every Meeting held under this Aft, as the Majority of them prefent thereat Ihafi choofe, and fuch Chairman (hall have a calling Voice in cafe of an Eauality of Voices; and every Chairman fo prefiding (hall and he is hereby required to deliver to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of the County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County relpeftively, a correft Lift, figned by himfelf, of the Names of all the Magiftrates who (hall have taken and fubfcribed fuch Oath at the Seflionfe where he had prefided ; and every fuch Secretary (hall from time to time, without unreafonable Delay, deliver the faid Lift, and all the Oaths fo made and fubfcribed, to the afting Clerk of the Peace, to be by him preferved among the Records of the County:

V.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens of every Pari(h, and they are hereby required to Appoint a Place for pofling the Notices required by* this Aft, and fuch Appointment (hall be promulgated by Advermements on the Doors oi every Place of public Worrtiip within the faid Parifh, and in cafe that any Five Perrons paying Grand Jury Cefs within fuch Parifh (hall be diftatisfied with fuch Appointment, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Perfons to require the Minifter and Churchwardens of fuch Parifh to convene a Veftry for the purpofe of taking fuch Appointment into confideration, and fuch Veftry may either approve of fuch Appointment, or fix fome other Place for fuch Purpofe, as they (hall think fit; and it (hall and may. be lawful for fuch Churchwardens to expend any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, for the purpofe of preparing and fitting up the Place fo appointed, which Sum -(hall be prefented by any Grand Jury of fuch County, to be paid to fuch Churchwardens, upon the f^me being accounted for in like manner as Public Monies are required to be accounted for by this Aft.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That the Expence of keeping fuch Place in Repair for the Purpofe aforefaid (hall be defrayed by fuch Parifh, and fhall be levied off the fame by Aft of Veftry, in like manner as parochial Cefs at prefent may be levied. .

VII.	And be it further enafted. That a Notice in Writing of every Application intended to be fubmitted to Magiftrates at Special Seffions to be holden for the Purpofes of this Aft (hall be polled by or on behalf of the Perfon or Perfons intending to make fuch Application at the Place appointed in manner arorefaid, within fuch Parifh wherein the Road or Work to which fuch Application (hall relate is propofed to be executed, between the Hours of Nine and Twelve in the Forenoon on the Saturday next but one previous to the Day appointed for holding fuch Special Seffions.

VIII. And

A. D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

a 84.

465

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That every fuch Application, together with the Eftimates, Specifications, Maps, Plans, Seftion s and Elevations feverally annexed to the fame, fhall be lodged by the Parties by whom or on whofe behalf fuch Applications fhall be made with the Secretary of the Grand Jury, Ten Days at the leaft before the Day appointed by the Grand Jury for holding of the firft Special Seffions, preparatory to the Spring or Summer Affizes refpeftively in each Year; and the faid Secretary is hereby required to keep an Office open for ’the purpofe of receiving fuch Applications, during Fifteen Days immediately preceding the Day fuch Notices are required to be lodged with the Secretary; and fuen Secretary fhall, with all convenient Difpatch, after Receipt of fuch Applications, arrange and number the fame to the bell of his Skill and Judgment, accoraing to the feveral Portions of the County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, in which the Work applied for is pro-pofed to be executed, and (hall make an Ab ft raft thereof, and an Index thereto, referring to the Numbers which he fhall mark on each Application ; and fuch Secretary fhall, at every Sefiions of Magiftrates under this Aft, lay before the Magiftrates all the Applications and Eftimates, and other Papers relating thereto refpeftively, which fhall have been lodged with him, or delivered at his Office as aforefaid, refpeftiog the Execution of any Work within the Portion of the County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County for which fuch Seffions fhall be held, together with the Abftraft thereof and Index thereto.

IX.	And be it further enafted. That it fhall be lawful for the Magiftrates fo afiembled in fuch Special Sefiions, Three at leaft always being prefect, and they are hereby authorifed, empowered and required to examine into the polling or ferving of the Notices of Applications, and the lodging of all fuch Applications, and the Eftimates, Plans and other Papers required, with the Secretaiy of the Grand Jury, as direfted by this Aft, or the Delivery of any Maps, Plans, SeftionB or Elevations to thp Treafurer of the County, and alfo to examine every Perfon making or figning any Application, or any Eflimate, Specification, Map, Plan, Seftion or Elevation in refpeft thereto, and every other Perfon whom fuch Magiftrates fhall think it proper or requifite to examine; and in cafe of the Death or neceffary Abfence, by Sicknefs or other Cafualty, of any Perfon who fhall have made and figned any Application, Eflimate, Map, Plan, Seftion or Elevation, to examine into the Proof of his having made and figned the fame; and all Perfons previous to being fo examined fhall be fwom in open Court to make true Anfwers to all fuch Queftions as fhall be afked of them, touching any fuch Application, or the polling or ferving Notices, or the lodging or delivering the fame with the Secretary to the Grand Jury, or the Treafurer of the County, or refpefting the propofed Work for which the faid Applications fhall be made, and the Jurat of every Oath or Affidavit made by any Perfon fo examined fhall be figned by the Chairman and One other of the Magiftrates prefent at fuch Seffions; and it fhall be lawful for any Perfon paying County Cefs, and defirous of Information refpefting the Particulars of fuch propofed Work, to examine, with the Approbation of the Court, fuch Perfons as have figned and fwom to fuch Applications; and the faid Magiftrates fo afTembled fhall, after fuch Examination, proceed to confider every fuch Application, and

69 Gao. III. '	H h	every

Application and Papers lodged with Secretary of Grand Jury.

Duty of Secretary thereon.

Compliance with the above Directions to be examined into by Special

Persons examined to be sworn.

Persons paying County Cess may examine Persons who have signed and sworn to Applications.

466

C.84.

59c GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Secretary of Grand Jury to prepare Schedules of Applications; and cause Copies to be printed and distributed to Magistrates and Persons composing the Grand Panel;

and deliver a Copy thereof, Ac. to Foreman of Grand Jury, another to Judge of Assise, and keep another in his Office for Inspection.

Presentments to be numbered by Grand Jury, who may make the same, although Application disapproved, or may refuse to make the same.

every fuch Application which (hall be approved of by the Majority of tne Magiftrates at fuch Seffions, not lets than Three being prefent, (hall be figned by the Chairman, with the Word “ approved,” and fuch of the faid Applications which (hall be difapproved, (hall be figned by the Chairman, with the Word M difapproved,” together with the Caufe of fuch Difapprobation; and if fuch Disapprobation fhould arife from the propofed Eftimate being confidered too high, then the Chairman (hall mark on the Back of the Application what Eftimate the Majority of the Bench of Magiftrates fhould confider fufficient for executing the propofed Work ; and the faid Chairman (hall deliver all fuch Applications, whether approved or difapproved, with the feveral Eftimates and all other Papers relating thereto, to the Secretary of the Grand Jury, to be by him laid before the Grand Jury at luch next enfuing Affizes.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Secretary of the Grand Jury (hall without Delay make and prepare Schedules of the Contents of all Applications delivered to him by tne Chairman of the Magiftrates at fuch Seffions, including, in feparate Schedules, the Amount of the feveral Sums propofed by fuch Applications to be charged and raifed on the County at large, and upon each Barony and Half Barony, and fpecifying the Amount or the Charge which the faid Sums, fo applied tor to be raifed on the County at large, would, if prefented, occafion on each Barony or Half Barony, particnlarifing feparately the Charge arifing from the Preferments on the Barony or Half Barony, and the Proportion of the Sum to be raifed on the Barony or Half Barony in confequence of the Charge on the County at large, and numbering the Applications in each Schedule in arithmetical Progreffion, beginning with Number One, and noting by the Words “ approved” or “ difapproved” thereon the Opinion of the Magiftrates on each Application ; and fuch Secretary (hall forthwith caufe a Number of Copies of fuch Schedules to be printed and diftributed before the next enfuing Affizes, among the feveral Magiftrates, and fuch other Perfons as ufually compote the Grand Panel of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to which fuch Secretary belongs, not exceeding fuch Number as (hall have been authorifed and £ reded by the Grand Jury at the Affizes immediately preceding, according to the Dire&ions of this Ad ; and the faid Secretary (hall, on the Day when the Grand Jury (hall be fworn at fuch enfuing Affizes, deliver One Copy of the faid Schedules, together with the feveral Applications, Eftimates, Plans and other Papers and Matters annexed to each Application, to the Foreman of the Grand Jury, and (hall alfo deliver another Copy of the faid Schedules to the Judge of Affize, and the faid Secretary fhall keep another Copy of the faid Schedules in his Office for the Infpe&xn of the Public, during Four complete Days at leaft immediately before the Commiffion Day of fuch Affizes.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Grand Jury at fuch Affizes fhall caufe all Prefentments which they fhall make upon the Applications fo laid before them, to be numbered agreeable to the Numbers in the faid Schedules thereof; and it fhall be lawful for fuch Grand Jury to make a Prefentment on any Application fo laid before them, although fuch Application may have been difapproved of by the Magiftrates before whom it was laid; or to refufie to make a Prefentment or any Application fo laid before them, although fuch

Application

59° GEO. III.

C. 84.

467



Application may have been approved or difapproved of by the Magiilrates before whom it was laid; and alfo to prefent any fmaller Sum to be expended, or any lefs Number of Perches to be made, or at a fmaller Rate by the Perch, than may be propofed or required by fuch Application, or to prefent a Part only of fuch Sum, at their Difcretion.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Prefentment for the grounding of which a previous Application is required by this A& to be made to a Special Sefiions, (hall be made or taken into con. ^deration by the Grand Jury, nor (hall be dated by the Court at any Affizes for any County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, unlels the Application tor fuch propofed Prefentment (hall.be entered in fome One of fuch Schedules, other than and except fuch Preferments only as are hereinafter fpecially provided for.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Perfon who (hall have figned any Application, Eftimate, Specification, Map or Plan or Se&ion m purfuance of this A&, (hall happen to die before the Special Sefiions at which it may have been intended that the fame (hould be taken into confideration, or (hall be prevented by Sicknefs or unavoidable Neceflity from appearing at luch Sefiions, it (hall be lawful for the Magiilrates afiembled there to examine upon Oath, in open Court, any other Perfon or Perfon* who (hall appear before them, for the Purpofe relative to the Matters contained in fuch Application, or in any of the faid Papers, fatis-fa&ory Proof being fir (I given that the Perfon or Perfons who had figned any of them is dead, or that he has been prevented by Sicknefs or unavoidable Neceflity from appearing before them; and the Grand Jury may make Prefentment on any Application delivered by the Magiilrates (after fuch Examination) to their Secretary; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That nothing in this A& or any other A& contained, (hall prevent any Grand Jury from making any Prefentment for the immediate Repair of fuch Breaches as may happen in the Winter Seafon in any Mail Coach Road, or Poll Road under the. Provifions of an A& made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for improving and keeping in Repair the Pofl Roads of this Kingdom, nor to prevent any Grand Jury from making any Prefentment for Payment, in purfuance of any Contra& entered into for the Repair of Roads, under the Provifions of any Laws in force at the time of fuch Contra&s being made, nor to prevent any Grand Jury from making any Prefentment of any Sum to be railed for any Purpofe, where no previous Application by Affidavit or otherwife, is required by any Law in force in Ireland, nor from making any Prefentment for Payment of any Money expended by Order of a Juftice of the Peace, for repairing any fudden Breach in any Bridge or Road, pjirfuant to the Provifions of an A& made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for the Amendment of Public Roads, for direSing the Corner of Grand Juries reJpeSing Presentments, and for repealing feveral Laws heretofore made for thofe Purpofes; but it (hall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury to make any fuch Prefentment in any of the Cafes aforefaid, as if tnis A& had not been had or made ; any

H h 2	thing

Presentment* not to be made or Bated, unless Application entered in Schedules.

In case of Death, Sickness, Sec. of Persons signing Applications, other Persons to be examined.

Proviso for’ Presentments for the immediate Repair of Post Roads,

3* G-3- (I.)

and for Presentments for Payment of Contracts, &c«

36 G.3. c.55.

468

C.84.

59° GEO. IIL

A.D.181

Grand Juries may present Sums not exceeding 10L for Repair of sudden Breaches in Roads and Bridges before Assizes srejield,

• Proviso.

Notice to be given of accounting for Expenditure of Money presented for Matters herein mentioned.

'Where Notice to be posted.

Copy to be delivered to Secretary of Grand Jury, who is to poet the same.

Secretary to make Schedule of Notices.

Person accounting to attend Special

thing in this Ad, or in any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland to the contrary in any wife notw ithft anding.

• XV. And Whereas much Inconvenience may arife from Grand 4 Juries not having the Power to prefent certain Sums for the Repair 4 of fudden Breaches in Roads, Bridges, Gullets and Walls, which may 4 have occurred previous to the Affizes at which fuch Grand Jury 4 may be aflembled, and fubfequent to the laft Special Selfions held 4 under the Provifions of this AdBe it therefore enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury to prefent fuch Sum or Sums (not exceeding Ten Pounds) as may appear to them neceflary te-repalr fuch Breach or Breaches: Provided always, that the Exiftence of fuch Breaches, and the Neceffity of their immediate Repair, may be fatisfadorily proved before fuch Grand Jury upon Oath, and that fuch Application fhall he made in One. of the Forms of the Schedules annexed to this Ad: Provided alfo, that in all Cafes where Money may be thus prefented, it (hall be accounted for under the feveral Provifions of this Ad.

XVI. And be it further enaded. That every Perfon intending to account at any Affizes for the Expenditure of any Money prefented for the making or repairing, or widening or improving any Road or Footpath, or lowering any Hill, or filling any Hollow on any exifting or intended Road, or for building, repairing, altering, widening or extending any Bridge, Pipe, Sewer or Gu&et thereon, or for building or repairing any Wall or Part of a Wall neceflary to the Support of any Road, or to prevent any Steep Banks of Earth from falling upon it, or for ereding any Fence or Railway or Wall for the Protedion of Travellers from any dangerous Precipices or Holes, or for filling any Ditches, or making any Fences or Drains, or for building, altering, repairing or enlarging any Court Houfe, Seffions Houle, Workhoufe, Houle of Corredion, Gaof, County Infirmary or Hofpital, or for executing any other Public Work, (nail caufe a Notice of his Intention of fo accounting to be polled at the Place Appointed aforefaid, within each Parifh, to the Race wherein the Work to be accounted for, or any Part thereof, has been prefented to be executed; and if there be no Market Houfe, Church, Chapel or other Place of Public Worfhip in fuch Parifh, then on any confpicuous or ufual Place therein for. polling Notices, between the Hours of Nine and Twelve in the Forenoon on the Saturday next but One before the Day appointed by the Grand Jury for the holding of the firft Special Seffions, preparatory to the Spring or Summer Affizes refpedively in each Year; and fuch Perfon fhafl alfo caufe a Copy of fuch Notice to be delivered to the Secretary of the Grand Jury, at or before the time when the fame fhall be fo polled* and fuch Secretary fhall make a Copy of every fuch Notice, and fhall caufe the fame to be polled without delay on the Door of the'Court Houle of the County, County of a City, County of a Town*, or Cky and County, at which fuch Affixes are to be holden.

XvII. And be it further enaded, That die Secretary to the Grand Jury fhafl make a Schedule of all fuch Notices, and fhall annex to each the Number affixed in the Quere Book to the eorre-(ponding Quere wMch . the Perfon aocouhtmg propofes that his Account (ball discharge * and every Perfon fo declaring Hr Intention to account, (hall attend the enftnng Special Seffions, to be hoftSen for the Purpofes of the Ad, for the Portion of the Coogty, County

of

Sessions,

A.D. 1819.

59* GEO. III.

C. 84.

469

. <

of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, wherein the Work for which he propofes to account has been executed, with his Account drawn up as near as may be in the Form'<appropriated thereto in the Schedule annexed to this A£t, and figned by hmifelf; and fuch Perfon fhall be fworn to the Truth of the laid Account, bv any Magiftrate at the faid Seffions, in open Court ;■ and fuch Account fhall be examined in open Court by the Magi ft rates at fuch Seffions, and on every Account approved by them, the Word “ allowed” (hall be indorfed, attefted by the Chairman and One other Magiftrate; and on every Account not approved of by them, the Word “ difallowed” fhall be indorfed, and the Reafon of fuch Difallowance, and a Note of or Reference to the Items in the Account which may have caufed fuch Difallowance, fhall be indorfed thereon or annexed thereto, atteiled in like manner; and all fuch Accounts, Affidavits, Papers and Atteftations, fhall be delivered without delay by the acting Clerk of the Peace to the Secretary of the Grand Jury, to be by him laid before the Grand Jury at the then next Affizes, and the fame fhall be there proceeded on by the Grand Jury, with fuch Powers and Authorities, and in fuch manner as are or is provided refpe&ing the 'fame, by any A& or A£ts in force in Ireland for that Purpofe,

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That it fhall and may be lawful for any Perfon paying Cefs to appear at any Affizes or Special Seffions, to be holden within each County in Ireland refpe&ively, and to offer to controvert the Truth of any Accounting Affidavit then produced, on the Ground of the Infufficiency of the Execution of the Work, or the undue or Non Expenditure of the Money to which fuch Affidavit fhall relate ; provided that the Perfon offering fo to controvert the Truth of fuch Affidavit as aforefaid, fhall give Notice in Writing of his Intention fo to do to the Accounting Over-feer, before the Firft Day of fuch Affizes or Seffions, and fhall at the fame time that he makes the Objection enter into, a Recognifance before a Magiftrate, in the Amount of the Sum fo fworn to have been. expended, conditioned for his Appearance at the next Affizes, or at the next General Seffions of the Peace (as the cafe may be), for fuch. Diftri& in which faid Prefentment was granted; and it fhall be lawful for the Court, at fuch Affizes or General Seffions (as the cafe may be), and they are hereby required to try the Truth of. fuch Affidavit by a Jury, in the fame manner as any Traverfe within the Jurifdi&ion of fuch Court ought to be tried; and in cafe the Truth-

_ of fuch Fa& or Fads fhall be found, the Accounting Affidavit fhall. be difallowed accordingly; and it fhall not be lawfiu for the Clerks of the Crown or Clerks of the Peace, or any other Perfon, . to take or receive upon fuch Traverfe any Fee for or in refped of any fuch Traverfe; and it fhall be lawful for the Court, before fuch Trial fhall be had, to give fuch Cofts either to the‘Party controverting fuch Affidavit or to the Accounting Qverfeer, as fuch Court fhall in either Cafes think fit and reafonable.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall not be lawful for the Treafurer of the County to pay the Amount of any-Prefentment,. the accounting for <he Expenditure whereof fhall be traverfed, unjil the Traverfe mall be withdrawn, or Judgment fhall be given for the Defendant on the Trial thereof.

HhS

Proceedings m to allowing and disallowing Accounts.

Affidavit of Expenditure may be contro-verted by Person paying Cess.

Notice and Recognisance.

Court may try the Truth of Affidavit by a Jury,

Costs.

Presentment not paid until TVaverte decided.

« XX. And

C. 84.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

*»•

Presentments not accounted for at Summer Assizes, may be accounted for at Special Sessions.

Accounts disputed and respited on Recognisance. Allowance of Accounts certified. .

46 G.3. c.96.	* XX. And Whereas by an Aft'palled in the Forty fixth Year

4 of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to amend the 4 Laws rejpeding the accounting for Money prefented in Ireland for the

•	making, repairing, widening or fencing of Public Roads, and the building 4 and repairing of Bridges, Pipes or Gullets; it is enafted, that all 4 Expenditure relating to any Prefentment not accounted for at the

•	Summer Aflizes, may be accounted for at fuch General Seflions of

•	the Peace to be held in 03ober in every Year, as the Grand Jury 4 at the Summer Aflizes (hall fix on Be it enafted, That from and after the palling of this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful for every Grand Jury, at every Summer Aflizes, to appoint a Special Seffiont to be held in manner preferibed by this Aft, by Magiftrates qualified according to the Direftions of this Aft, in the County Court Houfe, in the Month of 03ober fubfequent to the General Seflions of the Peace in the faid Month ; and the Expenditure on fuch Prefentments as {hall not have been accounted for at the Summer Aflizes, may be accounted for at fuch Special Seflions, before the Magiftrates.there prefent, in the Form and Manner under the Provifions and Regulations by this Aft preferibed refpefting the Mode of accounting at Special Seflions of the Peace for Money prefented; and that the Account of any Perfon may be difputed and refpited on Recognifance in like manner at fuch Special Seflions as is provided by the faid recited Aft to be done at the General Seflions of the Peace in Odober; and that it fhall be lawful for the Treafurer of the County, and he is hereby required to pay all Money whereof the Account fhall be approved of at fuch Seflions, and the Allowance thereof certified by the Atteftation of the Chairman and of One other Magiftrate, in like manner as if the Affidavit accounting for the fame had been allowed by the Grand Jury and the Court at an Aflizes, in manner required by this Aft; and the Queries on all fuch Prefentments fhall be refpeftively discharged or difallowed, or refpited, in manner required and direfted by the faid recited Aft, according to the Conditions, Reftriftions ana Provifions contained in the faid recited Aft.

,	XXI. And be it further enafted, That whenever and fo often as

abk to PrMentl lt happen that any Sum of Money heretofore prefented, or ment, and ac- hereafter to be prefented, to be raifed off any County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, or any Barony or Half Barony, fhall not be expended agreeable to fuch Prefent-ment, and accounted for within the Space of Two Years next after fuch Prefentment fhall have been made, it fhall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of fuch County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, and they are hereby required, again to prefent fuch Sums of Money to be applied to other Purpofes, and in like manner to prefent any Saving which may be made on any Prefentment, to be expended upon fome other Work within the Barony or Half Barony upon which the former Sum or fuch Saving was prefented to be raifed, or within the County, if raifed on the County at large: Provided always, that where fuch Sums are prefented to be railed by Inftalments for executing any Public Work, it fhall not be imperative on the Grand Jury again to prefent fuch Sums for other Purpofes in manner aforefaid.

Presentments XXII. And be it further enafted, That all Prefentments made, now made to be or Money to be levied, accounted for or paid, under or in confequence z^e^Actsbi ***? -Aft or Afts in force in Ireland at any time before the pafling force.

Money not

counted for within Two Years, to be again presented for other Works within the Barony.

59° GEO. III.

C.84.

471

of this Ad, ihall be levied, accounted for and paid in manner provided by the Ads in force at the time when fuch Presentments were made, or fubjed to the Rules, Regulations and Provifions contained in the faid Ads or in this Ad refpedively.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded. That it ihall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury at any Affizes to prefent, to be raifed off the County at large, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds for each Place wherein Special Seflions ihall have been holden previous to fuch Ailizes for the Purpofes of this Ad, as an Allowance or Remuneration to the Secretary of the Grand Jury for his Attendance at fuch Seflions, and for his performing and executing the Duties required by this Ad to be performed by him.

XXIV.	Be it further enaded, That all Affidavits required from Contradors (hall be fubmitted to and fworn before Magiflrates at the Special Seflions under this Ad ; and no Applications (hall be made for any Prefentment for any Salary or Remuneration to any Perfon at any Affizee which might have been applied and prefented for at any previous A flizes, unlefs the Perfon making fuch Application (hall make an Affidavit, dating fome Reafons fatisfydory to the Grand Jury why fuch Application was not made at fbch previous Affizes and if it (hall happen that any Application for any Salary or Remuneration (hall be reieded or refufed by any Grand Jury at any Affizes, on account of any Negled or Mifcondud in Office of the Party making fuch Application, it (hall not be lawful for any Grand Jury, at any fubfequent Affizes, to make any Prefentment for any fuch Salary or Remuneration, in refped of any Period previous to the Affizes at which fuch Application was rejeded or refufed.

XXV.	And be it further enaded and declared* That the Oath-taken by Grand Jurors in Ireland, in fuch Manner and Form* as hath heretofore been pradifed according to Law, at the feveral Affizes in Ireland, (hall not at any. time after the pafling of this Ad, .extend or relate, or be conftrued or taken to extend or relate, to any of the Duties of Grand Jurors conneded with Pfefentments for die Execution of Public Works.

XXVI.	And. be it further enaded. That from and after the paffing of this Ads every Grand Juror, immediately after being fworn before the Judge of Anize, in fuch Manner and Form as hath heretofore been pradifed according to Law, at the feveral Affizes in Ireland, (hall in open Court at fuch Affizes alfo take the Oath following; (that is to fay),

Allowance to Secretary of Grand Jury.

Affidavits froth Contractors sworn before Special Sessions.

Presentments for Salaries in certain Cases not allowed.

Grand Jurors present Oath not to extend to Presentments for public Works.

Oath of Grand Jurors.

*	V OU (hall diligently inquire, on behalf of the County [or/ f County of the City, County of the Town, or City and County]

4 of	and	true	Prefentment	make	of	all	fuch	Matters

4 and Things as (hall be lawfully given to you in charge, or as (hall 4 come before you in anywife relating to the railing of any Money 4 upon the faid County [or,- County- of City, County of Town,

*	or Citv and County] of	or upon any Barony4	'•

4 Half Barony or Parilh therein, or relating to the Expenditure of

4 any fuch Money; you (hall not prefent nor allow nor difallow any 4 Matter or Thing through Hatred, Malice or 111 Will, nor through 4 Fear, Favour or Affedion.	So help you GOD/

And it (hall and may be lawful for any Grand Juror to difclofe 4BjPk^ran<l Juror Evidence, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, relative to the making

H n 4	or	'

472

59° GEO. llL

Treasurer of County, &c. not to sere on Grand Juries.

High Constables and Collectors to make Returns,

to be laid before Grand Jury.

Falsely swearing, Perjury.

Presentments may be made for prosecuting Delinquents for false Affidavits.

Applications and Accounts to be made on Stamps.

Amount of Stamps, Ex

C. 84*

A.D.1S19.

or refilling of any fuch Presentment, or relative to the Expenditure of any Money raifed by Presentment.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the palling of this Aft, it lhall not be lawful for any Perfoii who lhall be Treafurer of the County, or Secretary of the Grand Jury, or Chief Conftable, or Colleftor of any Barony, or Clerk of the Crown, or Clerk of the Peace, to ferve upon the Grand Jury at any Alfizes for the County, County >of a City, Countv of a Town or City and County in Ireland, wherein he lhall hold luch Office ; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary in anywife notwithstanding.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted. That every High Conftable, or other Colleftor of Money levied by Grand Jury Prefentment, lhall make a Return on the Firft Day of each Alfizes to the Treafurer of the County, containing a Schedule of the Names of the Town lands within the Barony for which he is Colleftor, and of the Inhabitants within the fame, who lhall have been aflefled towards the Payment of the County Cefs of the previous Allizes, and of the Sums refpeftively affefled on and paid by each Individual, and ftating the Arrears, if any, which lhall be due by each Individual; and that on the Receipt of fuch Return by the Treafurer, the faid Treafurer lhall immediately * lay the fame before the Grand Jury.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That any Perfon who in any Affidavit, or in any Examination on Oath, required to be made or had under this Aft, lhall fwear falfely, lhall be fubjeft and liable to all fuch Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as may be infiifted on wilful and corrupt Perjury by the Laws in force in Ireland; and that in all Cafes where an Oath or Affidavit is required or authorifed to be adminiftered or made by this Aft, the Affirmation of the Party, if fuch Affirmation be received in a Court of Law in lieu of an Oath, lhall be of equal Validity and Effeft, and equally fubjeft him to the Provifion ot this Aft, as if he had taken or fwom an Affidavit under the Provilion of this Aft.

XXX.	And be it further enafted. That in all Cafes where upon any Affidavit for fupporting any Application for any Prefentment, or for authenticating any Eftimate, or other Matter or Thing relating to fuch Application, according to the Direftion of this Aft, or for accounting for Public Money, it lhall appear to the Grand Jury that the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Affidavits has or have been guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, it lhall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury to make fuch Prefentment for defraying the Profecution of fuch Delinquent, as to them may feem fitting and expedient.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, That every Application or Account which lhall be made and delivered under the Directions of this Aft, lhall be upon Paper ftamped with the Stamp required by any Aft or Afts in force relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland* to be impofed upon an Affidavit or Affirmation for the purpofe of grounding thereon any Prefentment of any Grand Jury, or for railing Money for Repair of Roads, or any other Public Purpofe, or for accounting for any Public Money, or difehargiug Queries on Prefent-ments, according to the Amount of the Money required to be pre-fented and raifed or accounted for, for the Road or Work fpecified in ^py fuch Application, or in any fuch Account refpeftively.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted, That it lhall and may be lawful for every-Grand Jury to add to the Sum they lhall prefent to

be

AJX181A

59° GEO. III.

C. 84.

473

be raifed towards the Execution of any Work applied for purfuant to the Provifions of this Ad, a Sum equal to the Amount of the Stamp Duty upon fuch Applications, and alfo upon the Affidavits which are to account for the fame, to be raifed in like manner, and paid to the Perfon accounting, for his own Reimburfement and that of the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have made the Application ; and alfo to prefent fuch reafonable Sums not exceeding what (hall be ftated in the Eftimate annexed to any Application refpeding a new Road or any Work which (hall be prefen ted to be railed on the County at* large, as they (hall think proper, to pay the Expences incurred or to De incurred in procuring the Estimates, Specifications, Maps, Plans, Se&ions or Elevations required by this Ad to be annexed to the Applications, and alfo for the Expences of the Perfons figning fuch Maps, Plans, Sections or Elevations, in attending the Special Seffions, fuch Sum as the Juftices at the fame (hall appoint and certify for fuch Attendance; all which Sums (hall be levied in like manner as other Sums to be raifed under Prefentments (hall be levied and paid to the Perfon or Perfons accounting for the fame, in trufl for the Perfon or Perfons who (hall feverally have figned the Applications and fuch other Papers.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded, That no Perfon (hall be appointed to ad, nor (hall he ad as a Supervifor under the Provi. (ions of an Ad paffed in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intitfled An A& for amending the Irijb Road ARs> for any Part of any Road, for the Repair of which any Money (hall be granted by Prefentment, until fuch Money (hall be expended and accounted for.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded. That no Money which (hall be expended after the palfing of this Ad, (hall be paid by the County Treafurer to any fuch Supervifor, unlefs it (hall be accounted for by the Deputy or Deputies, in the manner that all Money prefented for the Repair of Roads is to be accounted for, except as to the Form of the Affidavit under this Ad : Provided always, that fuch Supervifor (hall fxrfl make Affidavit before a Magiftrate, which any Magif-trate is hereby empowered to take, that he has or had at the time of the Expenditure of fuch Money, a Freehold or Leafehold Eftate [as the cafe may be] of not lefs than Five hundred Pounds yearly Value, Rating where fuch Eftate is (ituate, and alfo that he has examined the Work, and that it is properly executed, to the beft of his Judgment, and that he believes the Money has been fairly, properly and honeftly expended ; and that it (hall be lawful for every Supervifor to remove any Perfon whom he (hall appoint to be a Deputy, and to appoint anotner Perfoft in his ftead, from time to time, and as often as he (hall think proper.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe of the Death of any Supervifor, an Affidavit made to the Purport and Effed, and in manner preferibed by any Ad or Ads in force immediately before the paffing of this Ad, to be made by fuch Supervifor, by tne Heir or Executor of fuch Supervifor, together with the Certificate of a Magiftrate, that he has viewed the Work, and that it is properly executed, to the beft of his Judgment, and that he believes the Money fwrorn to by the Deputy or Deputies has been fairly, honeftly and properly expended thereon, (hall be of equal Effed for the purpofe

of

peaces of Esti- ‘ metes. Sec. may be added to Presentments.

How levied.

Supervisors not to act under 49 G. .t. c. 84. until Money expended and accounted for.

Money not to be paid unless Expenditure accounted for.

Affidavit by Supervisor of his Qualification, &c*

Supervisor may remove Deputy.

On Death of Supervisor, his Heir or Executor may make Affidavits.

59° GEO. III.

Presentments may be made at next Summer Assises.

Grand Juries may present for Repayment of Monies advanced by Order of Lord Lieutenant.

Provisions of Special Acts for Court Houses, &c. to remain in force.

58 G. 3. c.67. repealed.

except as to the Repeal thereby <*57 G.:.

C. 107.

Proviso for the County and

C* 84.

A.D.18I9.

of fubh Account under this Aft, as the Affidavit of the Supervifor would have been had he lived to make it.

1 XXXVI. And Whereas the ufual and neceflary Prefentxnents 1 for the Repair and Improvement of the Public Roads have not

*	been made in feveral Counties in Ireland at the late Spring Aflizes,

‘ and it mull be prejudicial to the Roads, and occafion great additional

*	future Expence to the Counties, if the like Omiflion fhould happen 1 at the enfuing Summer AflizesBe it therefore enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Grand Juries of the feveral Counties and Cities, Counties of Towns, and Cities and Counties in Ireland, at the Summer Aflizes which (hall be holden in the prefent Year One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, to make, and for the Court to fiat Prefentments for repairing any Road, repairing any Bridge, Gullet or Wall, in fueh Form and Manner, and under and fubjeft to fuch Powers, Provifions and Regulations as are contained in the feveral Afts of Parliament for that Purpofe, which were in force in Ireland at the Summer Aflizes in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, in all Cafes where Applications for or in refpeft of anv fuch Prefentments fhall not have been made to the Magiftrates, aflembled at the Quarter Seffions holden in April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, or at any other fublequent time previous to fuch Summer Aflizes, or (hall not have been confidered by them and approved or difapproved of; any thing in this Aft or in any other Aft to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall be conftrued to limit the Authority of Grand Juries, in making any Prefcntment at any Aflizes for the Repayment of any Monies advanced by Order of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, purfuant to Powers veiled in him by Law.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to aifeft or alter any Claufes, Powers or Provifions contained in any fpecial Aft or Afts of Parliament, relating particularly to the Ereftion or Maintenance of any Court Houle, Seflions Houfe or County Houfe, or to any Gaol or Prifon, in or for any County, or County of a City*, or County of a Town in Ireland.

XXXIX.	And be it further enafted, That an Aft palled in tl^ laft Seflion of Parliament, intituled An AS to provide for the more deliberate InveJHgation of Prefentments, to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland 5 and for accounting for Money ralfed by fuch Prefentments, (hall, from and after the pafling of this Aft, be and the fame is hereby repealed* except fo far as relates to any Prefentment to be made at the Summer Aflizes One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, grounded on Applications made purfuant to the faid recited Aft; and alio except fo far as the faid A€t repeals an Aft, pafled in the Fifty feventh Year of His prelent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to provide for the more deliberate Invefligation of Prefentments, to be made by Grand Juries for Roads Public Works in Ireland; and for accounting for Money ralfed by fieeb Prefentments.

XL. And be it enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to the County of Dublin, or to the

County

59# GEO. III.

C. 84.

475

County of the City of Dublin, except only fo far as is hereinafter exprefsly ena&ed and provided by this Adi ; and that nothing in this Adi contained (hall alter or repeal, or be conftrued to alter or repeal, any fpecial Afl relating to the manner of presenting or accounting in any other County, or County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland.

* XLI. And Whereas by an A& paffed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for making, widening and repairing Public

*	Roads in the County of Dublin, and for repealing Parts of feveral

* ABs formerly made for that Purpofe; it is ena&ed, that every 4 Affidavit to ground a Prefentment, or to account for Work done, 4 fhall be lodged with the Secretary of the Grand Jury, Four Days 4 at leaft before the Firft Sitting Day of each prefenting Term:

4 And Whereas it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the 4 faid County of DubUn, that the faid Affidavits (hould be lodged 4 .with the aaing Secretary of the Grand Juiy of the faid County, fo 4 many Days previous to the Firft Sitting Day of each prefenting 4 Term, that Schedules of fuch Affidavits might be prepared and 4 printed for Delivery to Magiftrates and others previous to fuch

*	Term Be it therefore enafted, That all Affidavits for Prefentment s for forming, levelling, fencing, draining, widening, making, repairing or otherwife improving any Road in the County of Dublin, and for the building, repairing or otherwife improving any Bridge, Seffion Houfe, Gaol or other Mafon Work in the County, (hall be lodged Thirty Days at the leaft before the Firft Sitting Day of each prefenting Term, with the a&ing Secretary of the Grand Jury of the faid County ; and fuch Secretary is hereby required to keep an Office open for the purpofe, and forthwith, after the Receipt of fuch Affidavits, to caufe Schedules of fuch Affidavits to be prepared and printed, and to be ready for Delivery at his Office Twenty one clear Days before tho- Firft Sitting Day of each prefenting Term, to fuch Magiftrates and Landholders in the faid County of Dublin as may apply for the fame ; provided that the Number fo to be printed fhall not exceed Fifty for each Barony in the faid County of Dublin (the Baronies of Saint Sepulchres and Donore excepted) ; and that the faid Secretary fhall. Fifteen Days before the Firft Sitting Day of each prefenting Term, deliver over the feveral Affidavits which fhall have been fo lodged with him previous to each prefenting Term, purfuant to this A61, to the Infpe&or of the Public Accounts of the County of Dublin for the time being, or in his Abfence to fuch Perfon as the faid Infpe&or (hall depute to receive the Affidavits from the faid Secretary, for whom the faid Infpe&or fhall be anfwerable; and the faid Infpe&or fhall perfonally attend at the Court of Bang’s Bench on the Firft Sitting Day of each prefenting Term, if not prevented by Sicknefs or unavoidable Accidents, and if fo prevented, fhall depute and fend in his Place a Perfon for whom he fhall be fo anfwerable, and fhall then and there lay before the faid Grand Jury his Report and Obfervations in Writing upon the feveral Affidavits and Accounts annexed thereto, which fhall have been fo delivered over to him previous to fuch prefenting Term by the faid Secretary, or which fhall have been delivered over to fuch rerfon as he the (aid Infpe&or fhall have deputed to receive the fame purfuant to this A&..

City of Dublin, &c.

26 G.3. (I.)

Affidavits foe Presentment* for County of Dublin to be lodged with Secretary of Grand Jury in County of Dublin,

who is to cause Schedules of such Affidavits to be prepared for delivery.

and to deliver Affidavits to Inspector of Public Accounts, &c.

who is to report to Grand Jury.

XLII. And

$9° GEO. III.	A.D.	1819.

Presentments for printing Schedules.

Affidavit of Pi inter that Charge is reasonable.

Proviso.

Kinsale constituted an additional Barony of County of Cork.

Proviso for Grand Jury presenting Money for Bridges already certified for, &c«

XLII. And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the faid County of Dublin, and they are hereby authorifed and required, at each prefenting Term for the laid County, to prefent fuch Sum or Sums as (hall be neceffary for defraying the Expences of preparing and printing the faid Schedules: Provided always, that an Affidavit of the Printer, dating his Charge to be ufual and reafonable, be firft laid before the faid .Grand Jury at fuch prefenting Term; and that no fuch Prefentment for the preparing fuch Schedules and printing of fuch Copies (hall be made, unlete fuch printed Copies were ready for Delivery at the Office of the Secretary Twenty one clear Days before the Firft Sitting Day of the Term at which fach Prefentment (hall be applied for.

* XLIII. And Whereas the Town and Liberties of Kinfale, in

*	the County of Cork, are neither a Barony, Half Barony, Part of a ‘ Barony, or a County of a Town, and therefore, under the Laws 1 now in force, no Money can be raifed by the Grand Jury of the

*	County of Cork for the making or repairing Roads within fuch € Liberties, to the great Inconvenience of the Inhabitants of faid

*	Town and Liberties ;* Be it enafted, That the faid Town and Liberties of Kinfale (hall be conftitutcd an additional Barony of the County of Cork, and that it (hall be lawful for the Grand Jury of the faid County, at every Affizes, to grant Prefentmcnts as in the Cafe of other Baronies, and to prefent the Amount of the fame to be raifed and levied upon the Town and Liberties of Kinfale as a Barony: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to interfere with the Police Seffions or Privileges eftabliffied by Charter in the faid Town and Liberties of Kinfale.

XL IV. Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Adi contained (hall extend or be conftrued to prevent any Grand Juiy from prefenting Money for building or completing any Bridge, which (hall nave been certified for ; nor to prevent any Grand Jury from completing any new Line of Road, which (hall have been approved of and pretented, purfuant to the Laws in force before the paffing of this Adi: Provided always, that all fuch Sums of Money as (hall be fo prefented, (hall be accounted for under the Provifions of this Adi.

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

A. 1. Form

a-5-{fZ

MfZ

( form

CONTENTS.

New Roads : of Application for opening, of Application for laying out. of Accounting Affidavit.

of Application for forming, levelling and draining.

of Accounting Affidavit.

of Application forgravelling.

of Accounting Affidavit.

of Application for making Fences.

of Accounting Affidavit.

Repairing Roads : of Application, of Accounting Affidavit.

H'idrning

59° GEO. III.

C. 84.

477

Widening Roads : p f Form of Application.

"^Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Making or Repairing Footpaths : jx j Form of Application.

*	I Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Lowering a Hill or filing a Hollow :

P 1 f Form of Application.

J2l# * \ Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Gravelling a Road over a Hill lowered or a Hollow filled: p & f Form of Application.

*	I Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Building9 enlarging or repairing Sejfion Houfes, Court HouJes9 Work-houfes9 Houfes of Correftion9 County Infirmaries, Hofpitals or other public Buildings :

F* 1. Form of Application.

Building or repairing Bridges9 Pipes y or Gulletsy or Wallsy or ereBtmg Fences:

F.	2. Form of Application.

Form of Accounting Affidavit, for F, I. or F. 2.

Filling Drains or Trenches : p f Form of Application.

\ Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Filling Gripes: tr f Form of Application.

I Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Ere&ing Banks to defend Roads through Bogs from Drains on the Sides

thereof: t | Form of Application.

\ Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Makingy widening or deepening Drains on the Sides of Roads through Bogs : it C Form of Application.

"I Form of Accounting Affidavit.

{Form of Application for ere&ing Mile Stones or Finger Pofts.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for ere&ing Mile Stones or Finger Pofts.

Afar.—Every Application, Eftimate, Specification, Map or Plan, Se&ion and Elevation, to be annexed, mult be figned by the Perfona making them refpe&ively.

SCHEDULE A. i.

Form of Application for opening a New Road.

HSanaaoy ofl A. B. of	and	C.	D. of

j do certify, That in their Opinion it would be ufeftil to

open

478

C. 84.

59® GEO. III.

A.D. 1.819,

open a new Road from	to	*

between	and	,	all	in the Barony J

or Half Barony of	in	this	County,	according to *

the Map, Plan and Se&ions annexed, made by 'E. F, whom they believe to be a competent Perfon for making tne fame, and to the Eflimate annexed, which is in their Opinion fair and reafonable ; and that a Duplicate of' fuch Map, Plan and Section of fuch New • Road made by him has been depofited with the Secretary to the Grand Jury on the	Day	of

[being at the leaft	Days before the Day appointed

for the Special Seflions to meet, preparatory to the next Affizes] ; and that a Notice, fetting forth that an Application is intended to be made at the next Affixes for a Prefentment, to lay out a new Road from	to	diftinguiihing

the feveral Townlands and Baronies or Half Baronies througn which it is intended to be carried, with the Number of Perches it is to be made in Length through each Townland, has been perfonally ferved upon or left at the Houfe of each Occupier of the Land through which fuch new Road is intended to be made in this County,

Days at leaft before the Day appointed for fuch Special Seflions; and that a like Notice has been alfo polled upon the Door of the County Court Houfe, of the fame Day that the faid Map has been depofited with the Secretary of the Grand Jury of the County ; and that no Part of fuch New Road is to be made through any Deer Park or Field inclofed with a Wall built of Lime and Stone or Bricks Feet high or more, without the Confent of the Owner thereof; and no Part thereof is to be made through any Houfe entirely built with Lime and Stone or Bricks, or through any Office or Orchard belonging to any Perfon inhabiting a Houfe fo built, without the Confent of fuch Perfon.

The Eftimate muft contain the total Expence attendant on the opening and finifhing the new intended Road, and laying out, forming, levelling and gravelling the fame, and of building Bridges, Gullets or Support Walls, lowering Hills, or filling Hollows, to bring every Part of it to the Afcent or Defcept propofed, and in making Fences to the fame ; and it muft ftate feparately for each Barony or Half Barony, the Expences which are Baronial, and thofe which are for the County at large.

The Specification muft contain the Diftance of the nearefl Quarries fit for the Work, the Price of Lime, and the general Prices of Labourers, Mafons, an affiftant Bailiff, Carts, Drays, and Cars, by the Day, in the Neighbourhood.

The Map or Plan of the propofed Road muft be made on a Scale not lefs than	to a Mile ; it muft include the prefect

Road, if there be any fuch, in place of which the intended Road is to be made $ and fuch Map or Plan, or the Se&ion, muft fhew the Inclination of the Surface of the exifting Road, and the propofed Inclination of‘the Surface of the intended Road, throughout the whole Length of each, and ftate the Difference between each in their Degrees of Inclination, and in the higheft Afcent of each above the Bafe ; it muft alfo particularife each Hill propofed to be lowered, or Hollow to be filled, and the Height or Depth of the Afcent or Defcent propofed to be altered on each fuch Hill or Hollow; all Rivers or Streams which fuch new Road is to crofs, and which crofs

fuch

590 GEO. III.

C. 84.

479

•foch exifting Roads, muft be marked, with a feparate Plan of every Bridge, and the Dimenfions of every Arch or Arches, or Opens Decenary for the Paflage of the Waters through any Bridge or Gullet propofed to be biiilt on the intended Road; ail Roads that the new intended Road is propofed to crofs, or which crofs the exifting Road, muft be marked, and the Plans of every Gullet or Pipe, or • Wall, muft ftate the Length, Breadth and Height thereof 5 and the Plans and Elevations of every Bridge muft contain a diftindt Detail of all Mafonry and Stonecutters Work propofed for fuch Gullet, Pipe, Wall or Bridge to be built on fuch new intended Road.

• SCHEDULE A. 2.

• Form of application for laying out a new Road,

County of | jf. B. of	and	C. D. of

J do certify, That it will require the Sum of to lay out the new intended Road from	to

between	and	,

all in the Barony or'Half Barony of	in this County,

being at the Rate of (the Sum not to exceed	per	Perch)

by the* Perch} and that the faid Sum is a reafonable Charge, to the beft of their Judgment and Belief.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for laying out a new Road» not exceeding	a	Perch.

County of! WHEREAS the Sum of	was	prefented

3	at	Aflizes, in the Year

to be expended in laying out	Perches	of	the	new

intended Road from	to	between

and	,	all	in	the	Barony	or	Half	Barony	of

in this County : Now I do fwear, That I have faithfully and honeftly expended the Sum of	in	tne	Execution	of	the	faid	Work,	and

that the fame is executed purfuant to the faid Prefentment, to the beft of my Judgment, and that every Part of the faid Work was finifhed on the	Day	of

SCHEDULE A. 3.

Form of Application for forming, levelling and draining a new Road.

County of \ A. B. of	and	C.	D. of

J do certify, That it will require the Sum of to form, level and drain [<w the cafe may be]

Perches of the new intended Road from	to

between	and	,

all in the Barony or Half Barony of	in	this	County,

Feet wide in the clear of all Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences, being at the Rates of	by	the	Perch	$	and

that the faid Sum is a reafonable Charge, to the beft of their Judgment and Belief.

Form

480

C. 84.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for forming, levelling and draining a new

Road.

County of 1 WHEREAS the Sum of	was

J prefented at	Aflizes,	in the Year

to be expended in forming, levelling or draining £as the cafe may be]	PercTies of the new intended Road

from	to	between	and	,

all in the Barony or Half Barony of	in this County,

Feet wide in the clear of all Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences: Now I	do fwear, That I have

faithfully and honeftly expended the Sum of in forming, levelling or draining [<w the cafe may be"}

Perches of the faid Road, and that every Part of the faid Perches is	Feet in the clear between the Ditches,

Banks, Drains or Fences, and is level throughout the Whole of the-faid Width; and that there is not adjoining to either Side of the Road fo formed, levelled and drained, any Gripe to fuch Trench or Drain, without a Wall or other fufficient Fence between it and the Side of the Road ; and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the faid Sum of

and that every Part of the faid Work was fmifbed on the	Day	of



SCHEDULE A. 4.

Form of Application for gravclUug a new Road.

County of 1 A. B. of	and	C.	J).	of

3 do certify, That it will require the Sum of

to make	Perches	of	the	new	intended

Road from	to	between

and	,	all	in	the Barony or Half Barony of

in this County,	Feet	wide	in	the	clear of all

Ditches, Banks, Drains and Fences, and	Feet	wide	at

the leaft, with Gravel or fmall Stones, being at the Rate of

by the Perch, according to the Specification annexed; apd that the faid Sum is a reafonabie Charge, to the beft of their Judgment and Belief.

The Specification muff contain a Description of the Materials propofed to be 11 fed in making the Road, whether Gravel or Quarry Stones, or Field Stones broken, and the general Price of Labourers and Quarrymen, and of a working Bailiff, and of Carts, Drays and Cars, by the Day, in the Neighbourhood.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for gravelling a now Road1 County of \ WHEREAS the Sum of	was

J prefented at	Aflizes	in	the	Year

to be expended in making	Perches	of	the

new intended Road from	to	between

amd	,	aO	in	the	Barony	or	Half	Barony	of

in this County,	Feet	wide	in	the	clear	of	all	Ditches,

Banks or Fences, and	Feet	wide	at	the	leaft,	with	Gravel

or fmall Stones : Now I	do	fwear. That

I hate

A.D.I813.

53° GEO. in.

C. 84,

481

I have faithfully tod honeftly expended the Sum of in making	Perches	of	the	faid	Road,	and	that every Part

of the fail	Perches	is	Feet	wide in the clear

between the Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences, and is fafe and level throughout the Whole of the faid Width for Carriages to pafs and repafs on, and that	Feet	at	the	leaf!	of	the faid Width

is made with Gravel or fmall Stones ; and that the Backs of every Ditch, Bank or Fence thereto, to which there is a Gripe, is turned to the Road, and the Gripe to the Field Side $ and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the

Expenditure of the faid Sum of of the (aid Work was finithed on the

; and that every Part Day of

SCHEDULE A. 5.

Form of AppTuation for making Fence1 to new Roads.*,

^•unty rf| A* B. of	and C. D.	of

J do certify, That it will require the Sum of to make	Perches	of	Fences	on	each Side of the

new intended Road from	to	between

and	,	all	in the Barony or Half Barony of

in this County, being at the Rate of (the Sum not to exceed One Shilling and Sixpence per Perch)	by	the	Perch, and that

the faid Sum is a reasonable Charge, to the beft of their Judgment and Belief.

No Specification or other Paper is required to be annexed.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for making Fences to new Roads. County ofl WHEREAS the Sum of	was prefented

3 at	AfTizes	in	the	Year

to be expended in making	Perches	of Fences on

each Side of the new intended Road from	to

between	and	,	all	in	the	Barony or Half

Barony of	in this County : Now I

do fwear, That I have faithfully expended the Sum of in the Execution of the faid Prefentment, and	* Perches

of Fences are well and effe&ually made purfuant thereto, and the Bank Side thereof is ftimed to the Road, and that the faid Work was finifheci on the	Day of	•

SCHEDULE B.

Form of Application for the Repair of Roads.

Ccmrny of 1 A. B. of	and	C.	D.	of

J do certify, That they have lately meafured Perches of the Road from	to	between

and	and	that	all	the	faid Perches

are in the Townland of	\or9	that

Perches thereof are in the Townland of	and

Perches thereof are in the Townland of	[as	the

cafe may he] diftinguifhing the' feVeral Townlands through which the Road is intended to be repaired in each Townland] all in the Barony or Half Barony of	in	this	County	;	arid	that it wilf

require the Sum of •	to	repair	the	faid

59 Geo. Ill:	I	i	.	Perches

urn

C.8L

K&° GEO. III.

A.D. IM9.

Perches	Feet wide in the clear of the Ditches, Banks,

Drains or Fences* and	Feet	Wide,	with	Gravel	or fnudl

Stones, being at the Rate of	by	the Perch, accord-

ing to the Specification annexed, which they verily believe is the lead the faid Perches can be effedually repaired for.

The Specification mud contain a Description of the Materials pro-pofed to be ufed in repairing the Road, whether Gravel or Quarry Stones, or Field Stones broken, and the general Price of Labourers and Quarrymen, and a Working Bailiff; and of Carts, Drays and Cars by the Day in the Neighbourhood. .

No Map, Plan or Sedion is required.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for the Repair of Roads.

County of 1 WHEREAS the Sum of	was	presented

f at	Affixes,	in	the	Year

Perches of the Rond from and	,

in this County, clear of the Ditches, Feet wide, with Gravel by the Perch: Now I

to be expended in repairing

to	between

•all in the Barony or Half Barony of Feet wide in the Banks, Drains or Fences, aad or fmall Stones, at the Rate of

do fwear, That I have faithfully and honeftly expended the Sum of	in	repairing

Perches of the (aid Road; and that every Part of the faid Perches is	Feet	wide	at	the	lead,	in	the	clear	of	all

Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences, and that it is fafe and level throughout the Whole of the faid Width for Carriages to pafs and repafs on; and that	Feet	wide	at the lead of the faid

Width is made with Gravel or fmall Stones; and that there is a

fufficient Pafiage on each Side of the faid Road to prevent the Water from injuring the fame; and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the faid Sum of	;	and that every Part of the (aid Work was

finidied on the	D.ajr of	;

but if any Part of the Road paUes through a Trad of Bog, the Words following may be inferted after the Words, pafs and repafs on, _ “ except	Perches	thereof	which	pafs	through a

Trad of Bog.”

SCHEDULE C.

Form of Application for vtidemng Roads.

County of 1 A. B. of	and C. D. of

j do certify, That they have lately viewed and mcafured Perches of the Road from	to

between	and	,	all in

the Barony or Half Barony of	in	this	County; and

that no Part of the fame is	Feet	wide	in	the	dear

within the Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences $ and that it will require the Sum of	to	widen	the fame, fo as to make

them	Feet wide in the clear, and fafe and level

throughout the Whole of the faid Width for Carriages to pafs aad repafs on, being at the Rate of	by	the	Perch,	which

A.D. 1814.

SlPGEaill.

they ^erOy belike to he *reafonable Charge, according to the Specification and Plan hereunto annexed, and the leaft the laid Work can be effe&ually done for.

In cafe new Fences fhall be neceffary, inftead of any to be taken down or deftroyed, the Words following (hall be added after the Words repafs on, “ and to make new Fences inftead of thofe which <* (hall be taken down or deftroyed, in order to widen the fame.”

The Specification is to contain the general Price of Labourers, of a Working Bailiff, and of Carts, Drays and Cars, by the Day in the Neighbourhood.

The Plan is to delineate the prefent Breadth of the Road, and the Breadth to which it is to be widened, marking diilinftly the Sides of the Road on which the Widening is propofed to take place, and it is to be of a fufficient Scale to ihew the fame difUn&ly.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for wJening Roads.

County of) WHEREAS the Sum of	was	prefented	at

£	Afiizes in the Year	to	be

expended in widening and making Fences to [as the safe may he] Perches of the Road from	to

between	and	,	all	in the Barony or

Half Barony of	in	the	County	of

to the Width of	Feet	in	the	clear: Now I

do fwear. That I have faithfully and honeftly expended the Sum of	in	widening	and	making	Fences	to	[as the cafe may

he]	Perches	of the faid Road, and that .every Part of

the find	Perches	is	now	effectually	widened to the

Width aforefaid, and is fafe and level throughout the Whole of the laid Width, and every Part thereof, for Carriages to pa£i and repafs on ; and that the Back of every Part of faid Fence, where there is a Oripe thereto, is turned to the Road, and the Gripe to the Fidd Bide ; and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the faid Sum of	;

and that every Part of the faid Work was finifhed on the Day of	; but if any Part of the Road paffes through

a Trad of Bog, the Words following may be inferted after the Words pafs and repafs on, “ except	Perches thereof,

M which pafs through a Tra& of Bog.”

SCHEDULE D.

Form of Application for making or repairing Footpaths*

County of \ A. B. of	and C. I>. of

j • do certify, That the Sum of	is	necef-

fary to make [or, repair, as the cafe may be]

Perches of a Footpath on the Road or new intended Road [or, within the Side of the Ditch along the Side of fuch Road, as the cafe may from	to	between

and	,	all	in	the	Barony or Half Barony of

in this County, being at the Rate of [the Sum not to exceed

ttr Perch, for making and	for	repairing]

j the Perch; and that the faid Sum is a fair and reasonable Charge, to the beft aS our Judgment, according to the Specification annexej-

li 2	1>

*83

484

<3. 64.	59°	GEO.	III.	A.D.1819.

" The Specification is to date the Materials propofed to be ufed, and how much of the Footpath is to be new formed or raifed [or widened, as the cafe may be.]

i

Form of Accounting Affidavit for making or repairing a Footpath.

County of 1 WHEREAS the Sum of	was prefented

J at	Affixes, in the Year

to be expended in making or repairing [as the cafe may he"]

Perches of a Footpath on the Road or new intended Road [within the Side of the Ditch along the Side of fuch Road, as the cafe may be] from	to	between

and	,	all	in	the	Barony	or	Half	Barony	of

in this County : Now I	do	fwear,	That 1 have

faithfully and honeftly expended the Sum of	in

making or repairing [as the cafe may be]	Perches	of	a

Footpath on the faid Road, and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the faid Sum of	; and that every Part of the faid Work was

finifhed on the	Day of

SCHEDULE E. i.

Form of Application for lowering a Hill or filing a Hollow, or hoth% as the cafe may he*

County of | A, B. of	and C. D- of

j do certify, That they have lately viewed a Hill or Hollow, [or both, as the cafe may he] in the Townland of •in this County, on the Road from the Market Town of <to the Market Town of	, and they are of opinion that it

would contribute to the Eafe and Convenience of Carriages travelling the faid Road to lower fuch Hill, or fill up fuch Hollow [or both, as the cafe may be'] ; and that the faid Road cannot, in their Opinion, be conveniently changed to avoid fuch Hill or Hollow [as the cafe may he] without incurring a greater Expence, or caufing a confiderable Increafe of Length in the faid Road; and that they have caufed £* F.j whom .they believe to be a competent Perfon (killed in fuch Work, to make the Map and Se&ion thereof hereto annexed, and to eftimate and make a Specification of the fame ; and that, in their Opinion, his Eftimate and Specification are fair and reafonable, and his Plan and Se&ion proper.

The Eftimate is to ftate the Sum required, and the Number of Cubic Yards to be moved, and the Price per Cubic. Yard.

The Specification is to ftate the Nature of Subftance, whether Clay, Mold, Sand, found or rotten Stone or Gravel, which is to be moved, and to or from what average Diftance ; whether the fame will .afford fo\md Materials for gravelling or ftoning the Parts of the Road which (hall be lowered or filled, and the general Price of Labour, and of a working or affiftant Bailiff, and of Carts, Drays or Cars, iu the Neighbourhood.

The Plan and Se&ion mull (hew the Length of .the Road which is to be lowered or filled, the Inclination of the prefent Surface and of the future propofed Surface, and the Amount of perpendicular

Afcent

.

59° GEO. III. ;

43£

A+D. 18191

CX84.

Afcent or Defcciit propofed to be faved, and the Breadth that ia propofed for the Road to be of when lowered or filled.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for lowering a Hill or filing a Hollow,

or both.

County of 1 WHEREAS the Sum of	was	prefented	at*

J	Affixes, in the Year

to be expended in lowering a Hill or filling a Hollow [or both, at the cafe may be] in the Townland of	in	this	County,1

on the Road from the Market Town of	to	the	Market

Town of	:	Now	I	do	fwear,	That I

have faithfully and honeftly expended the Sum of

in executing the faid Work, and that the fame is done purfuant to the ' faid Prefentment; and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the faid Sum' of	;	and	that	every	Part	of	the	faid	Work	was

finifhed on the	Day	of

SCHEDULE E. 2.

Form of Application for gravelling a Road over a Hill lowered, or a

Hollow filled.

County of 1 A. B. of	and	C.	D.	of

3 do certify, That they have viewed a Hill or Hollow [or both, at the cafe may be'] in the Townland of	in	the

Barony or Half Barony of	on	the	Road from the

Market Town of	to	the	Market	Town	of

all in this County; and they are of Opinion that if the faid Hill is fuificiently lowered [or, the faid Hollow fufficiently filled, or both, at the cafe may be] if will require the Sum of

to nuke with Gravel or Small Stones	Feet	wide

Perches of the faid Road on the faid Hill, when lowered [or, the faid Hollow when filled, or both, as the cafe may be] being at the Rate of	by	the	Perch,	accorcfing to the

Specification annexed ; and that faid Sum is a reafonable Charge, and that the Work cannot be effectually executed for a fmaller Sum, to the beft of their Judgment.	4

Form of Accounting Affidavit for gravelling a Road over a Hill lowered,

■ or a Hollow filed.

County of 1 WHEREAS the Sum of	was	prefented

J at	Affizes,	in	the	Year

to be expended m making	Perches	of	the Road from

the Market Town of	to	the	Market	Town of

on the Hill which has been lately lowered, or the Hollow which has been lately filled [or both, at the cafe may be] in the Townland of	and	Barony	or	Half	Barony

of	in this County	Feet wide io

the	clear of the Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences,

and	Feet wide, with Gravel or fmall Stones, at the

Rate of	by	the	Perch: Now I

do fwear. That I have faithfully and honeftly expended the Sum of in making	Perches	of	the faid

Ii 3	Road,

A.D. 1819.

466	C.	84.	59°	GEO.	III.

Road, and that every fart of the faid	Perches it

Feet wide at the lead, in the clear of all Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences, and that it is fafe and level throughout the Whole of the £nd Width for Carriages to pafs and repafs on, and that Feet wide at the lead of the faid Width is made with Gravel or fmall Stones, and that there is a fufliciettt Fafiage on each Side of the faid Road to prevent the Water from injuring the fame ; and that the annexed Account it true in every Part, and con-taunt the Whole of the Expenditure of the faid Sum of	;

and that every Part of the laid Work was finifhed on the Day of

SCHEDULE F. i.

Form of AptTication for building, enlarging or repairing any Seffhm

Houj for Court Houfc> IVorkboufe, Houfe of Correction) County In~ firmary, Hofpital or other public Building.

County of \ A. B. of	and	C. D. of

J do certify, That it will reouve the Sum of to build, enlarge or repair the Seffion Houfe, Court Houfe, Work-houfe, Houfe of Conreftion, Infirmary, Hofpital, or ether public Building fas the cafe may be] at	in	this	County, and

that the laid Sum is a reasonable Charge, and that the faid Work cannot, to the beft of their Judgment* be effeftually executed for a fmaller Sum, according to the Eftimate, Specification, Plan* Elevation and Seftion annexed.

The Eftimate muft contain a full Detail of the Particulars of the Works pfopofed to be executed, with the Prices by Measurement or otherwise, of each Particular.

The Specification muft contain the general Price of Labourer*, Mafons and other Tradefmen or Artificers, and Bailiffs, neceflazy to be employed on the Work, and of hired Carts* Drays or Cars, by the Day, in the Neighbourhood.

The Plan, Seftion and Elevation, muft explain fathfa&oriiy, and in a workmanlike Manner, the whole Work proposed in all k* Parts.

And muft alfo contain a Ground Plan of the Work ptopo&d to he executed, and a Drawing of every Part of the Work.

No Drawing of an Elevation is necefiary where the Sum required does not exceed Forty Pounds, or is folely for Repairs.

Note. — If the Sum required in any fuch Application ihsfl emceed the Sum of Forty Pounds, a Certificate of the Foreman of the Grand Jury, indorfed on the Application, and Getting forth that fuch Application, together with the E&hftates, Specifications, Plans or Maps, and Elevations required to be annexed thereto, had been lsdd before the Grand Jury, and read or exhibited to them at the Affizes next immediately preceding any Special Seffion to be held under this Aft, shall be neceflary to aathorife the Magiftrates affembled at inch Seffions to receive fuch Application, or take it into Confideration, uuder the Provifions of this Aft.

SCHE-

AJX181*

59° GEO. III. *

a St



SCHEDULE F. *.

Form of Application for holding or repairing Bridget, Pipes or Gullets, or Walls, or ercQing Fences for tie Protsdion of Travellers*

Common A.B. of	and	C,	D. of

j do certify. That it will require the Sum of to build, enlarge or repair a Bridge, Pipe or Gullet, or to build a Wall, or Part of a Wall, neceflary for the Support of the Road, or for presenting any ffeep Bank of Earth from falling on the Road, or for cre&mg any Fence, Railing or Wall, for the Prote&ion of Travellers from dangerous Precipices or Holes, lying on the Side of any public Road [n/ the cafe may be} on‘the Road or new intended Road [as the cafe may be} from	to

between	and	in	the

Tbwulaad or Townhads of	in this County	;

that the faid Sum is a reasonable Charge, and that the faid Work cannot, to the beft of their Judgment, be effectually executed for a (mailer Sum, according to the Plan, Eftimafce and Elevation annexed.

The Eftimate maft contain a full Detail of the Particulars of the Work proposed to be executed, with the Prices by Meafurement or otherwise, of each Particular.

The Specification null contain the general Price of Labourers, Mafons, and any other Tradefmen or Artificers, and Bailiffs, necef-6rrt.be employed on the Work, and of hired Carts, Drays or Cars, by the Day, in the Neighbourhood.

The Plan muft contain a Ground Plan of the Work propofed to be executed, a Drawing of the Elevation thereof, and fpecify particularly the Parts propofed to be boOt with cut or hammered Stone, or Common Mauyiry. No Plan is neceflary where the Ap-pBcatum » for Repair only.

No Drawing of the Elevation is neceflary where the Sum required is fbldy for Repairs, or where it does not exceed the Sum of Teu Pounds.

Note* — If the Sum required for building in any fuch Application (hall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, a Certificate of the Foreman of the Grand v Jury, indorfed on the Application, and Setting forth that fuch Application, together with the E flimsies, Specifications, Plans or Maps, and Elevations required to be annexed thereto, have been. laid before the Grand Jury, and read or exhibited to them at the Affixes next immediately preceding any Special Seffioa to be held under this A&, (ball be neceflary to authorife the Magiftratea afiembled at fuch Seflions to receive fuch Application, or take it into Confideration, under the Provifions of this A A.

Applicable to Schedule F. I. or F. 2.

Farm of Accounting Affidavit for budding, enlarging or repairing any Sffiou Houfe, Court Hotfe* Werkbeufe, Homfe of Corredlon, County y Infirmary, Hcfifital or other Public Budding, or building or repair* mg Bridget, Pipes or Gullets* or Walk, or eroding Fences for tin Protection of Travellers.

County of 1 WHEREAS the Sum of	was	prefented

f at	Affine*	in	the	Year

to fat txpcadtd in [fiats tbs Particulars as fisted hi tie Pnfeutmtnt}

I i 4	at

488-

C 84*	59°	GEO*	IIL '	A*D.	16l£

at	in this County, or on the Road or new

intended Road [or the cafe may he'] from	to

between	and

in the Townland or Townlands of	in this

County \as the cafe may be] : Now I	do	fwear,’

That I have faithfully and honefUr expended the Sum of in executing the faid Work, and that the fame is done purfuant to the faid Prefentment, and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the faid Sum of and that every Part of the faid Work was finished on the	Day	ot	•

SCHEDULE G.

Form of Application for Prefentments to Jill Drains or Trenches on the' Sides of Roads.

County oilA.B. of	and	C. D. of

J do certify,' That they have meafured Perches of the Road from	to

between	and	,	all	in	the	Barony

or Half Barony of	in this County; and that*

Perches of the Drains or Trenches of the Fences thereto immediately adjoin the faid Road, without any Back' or Bank between them and the Road; and it will require, the Sum of.

to fill up the fame, and make a fuffident Fence with the Trench or Drain on the Field Side thereof, being at the Rate of	by	the	Perch	;	and	that	the	laid	Sum

is a reafonable Charge to the beft of their Judgment*

Form of Accounting Affidavit for filling brain* or Trenches on the Sides of Roads.

County of 1 WHEREAS the Sum of	was	prefented

j at	Affixes,	in	the Year

to be expended in filling	Perches	of	Drains or

Trenches of the Road from	to

between	and	,	all in the

Barony or Half Barony of	in	this	County	: Now I

do fwear, That I have- faithfully and honeftly expended the Sum of	in	executing	the	faid	Work,

purfuant to the faid Prefentment, and that every Part of the fame was finifhed on the	Day	of

SCHEDULE H.

Form of Application for filling Gripes.

County of \ A. B. of	and	C. D. of

j do certify. That it will require the Sum of to fill	Perches	of	Gripes	of	Ditches on the Side of the

Road from	to	between

and	,	all	in	the Barony or Half Barony of

in this County, and that the faid Sum is a reafonable Charge, according to the Specification annexed*

The Specification is to iUte the Gripes, and as near as may be the Nuipber of Cubic Yards requifite to. fill the fame, and. the average

Breadth

A.D.181&

$9® GEO. ml

C.8+.'

489

Breadth and Depth thereof, and the greateit Breadth and Depth in any Part thereof, and the Diftance of the broadeft or deepefl Part of the Gripes from the gravelled Part of the Road.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for fitting Gripes.

County of 1 WHEREAS the Sum of	was	prefented

J at	Aflizes,	in	the Year

to be expended in filling	Perches of Gripes of Ditches

on the Side of the Road from	to	between

and	,	all	in	the	Barony	or Half Barony

of	in this County : Now I	do fwear.

That I have faithfully and honeftly expended the Sum of in the Execution of the Work for which the fame was prefen ted, and that the fame is effe&ually executed, and that the faid Work was finiihed on the	Day	of	•

SCHEDULE I.

Form of Application for ereStng a Bant of Earth to defend the Road through a Bog from the Drains on the Side thereof County of) A. B. of	and	C. D. of

J do certify, That they have lately viewed and meaftuned Perches of the Road from	to

between	#	and	,	all	in	the.	Barony	or

Half Barony of	in	this	County	; and that there are

no Banks of Earth or Backs of a Ditch, or other Fences, to defend them, the faid	Perches,	run	through	a	Bog,	from the

Drains on the Side or Sides thereof; and that it will require the Sum> of	to ere& fufficient Banks of Earth to defend the

Road from the faid Drains, being at the Rate of {this Sum is not to exceed the Rate of Two Shillings by the Perch] by the Perch, which they verily believe is the leaft the faid Work can be effectually executed for.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for ereQing Banks between the Road and the Drains along its Side9 through Bogs•

Cooney ofl WHEREAS the Sum of.	was	prefented

J at *	AiEzes,	in	the Year

to be expended in ere&ing	Perches of Banks of Earth

to defend	Perches	of	the	Road	from	to

between'	and	which

run through a Bog, from the Drains on the Side or Sides thereof, all in the Barony or Half Barony of	in	this	County,

being at the Rate of	by	the	Perch: Now I

do fwear, That I have faithfully and honeftly expended the Sum of	purfuant	to	faid	Prefentment,

and that the Work is effeftually executed, afid that it was finifhed on the	Day of

SCHEDULE K.

Form of Application to maie9 widen or deepen Drains on the Side of a

Ready through a Bog.

County of 1 A. B. of	and C. D* of

j do certify, That it will require the Sum of to make, widen or deepen [as the cafe may be]

Perches of Drains

490

C. $4

GEO. HL

&D. 1819.

Drain* on the Side of the Roach which is made through a Bog* from	to	between	and	»

all in the Barony or Half Barony of	in	this County,

and for carrying off the Water therefrom, being at the Rate of by the Perch [the Sum not to exceed One Shilling per Perch] ; and that the faid Sum is a reasonable Charge, and the laid Work is neceffary, and cannot be effectually executed for .a fmaUer Sum, to the beft of their Judgment;

Form of Accounting Affidavit to make, widen or deepen Drains on the Side of a Roadf through a Bog*

County oft WHEREAS the Sum of	was	prefented

j at	Affixes,	in	the	Year

to be expended in making, widening or deepening [as the cafe may hr} Perches of Drains on the Side of the Road, which is made through a Bog, from	to	between

and	,	all	in the Barony or Half

Barony of	in	this	County: Now I

do fwear, That I have faithfully and honeftly expended the Sum of in Execution of the faid Presentment, and that the faid Drains are effe&ually made, deepened or widened [as the cafe may be], and that the Water is effe&ually carried off from the Road, and that faid Work was finifhed on the * Day of

SCHEDULE L.

Form of Application for ereSing Mile Stones or Finger Pofts.

County of \ A. B. of	does certify. That it will requite

j the Sum of	to	eraSt	Mile

Stones or Finger Pofts [as the cafe may he'] being at the Rate of for each Mile Stone or Finger reft, on the Road leading from	to	j	and	that all (aid

Mile Stones are to be erefted in the Barony or Half Barony of ; and that faid Sum is a reasonable Charge, according to the belt of his Judgment.

Note. — It Hi all not be lawful for any Grand Jury to prefent a larger Sum than Twenty Shillings for each Mile Stone, or Thirty Shillings for each Finger PofL

Form of Accounting Affidavit for ereSing Mile Stones or Finger Pofts.

County of \ WHEREAS the Sum of	was prefented

j at the	Affixes,	in	the Year

to be expended in ere&ing	Mile	Stones or Finger Pofts

£ as the cafe may he] being at the Rate of	for each

Mile Stone or Finger Poll, on the Road leading from to	;	all	which Mile Stones or Finger Pofts were to

be ere&ed in the Barony or Half Barony of	.	Now	I

do fwear, That I have faithfully and honeftly expended the Sum of	in	the	Execution	of the Work

for which the fame was prefented, and that the Work is cffe&aiaDy executed, and was finilhea on the	Day	of

CAP.

A.D.181&.

59* GEO* III.

C.85.

491

CAP. LXXXV.

An AA to amend and correS an AS of the lad Seffion of Parliament, for the Regulation of Parifh Veftrics in England.

'	[7th July 1819.}

• TT 7 HERE AS an AS was pafled in the laft Seffion of Parlia- j# G. 3. c. 69.

1 W ment, intituled An A3 for the Regulation of Partjb Veflries,

4	and it is expedient to amend the fame ;* Be it enaSed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the' fame.

That from and after the paffing of this AS, any Perfon who (hall Person* rated

be affeffed and rated for the Relief of the Poor in refipeS of any

annual Rent, Profit or Value arifing from any Lands, Tenements or

Hereditaments fituate in any Parilh, in which any Veftry (hall be mmy rote in

holden under the faid recited AS, although fuch Perfon /hall not Vestry *c-

refide in or be an Inhabitant of fuch Parifh, fhall and may lawfully eordt“g

be prefent at fuch Veftry, and fuch Perfon fhall have and be entitled	"f.

to give fuch and fo many Vote or Votes at fuch Veftry, in refpeS of

the Amount of fuch Rent, Profit or Value, as by the faid AS,

any Inhabitant of fuch Parifh prefent at fuch Veftry might or ought

to have and be entitled to give m refpeS of fuch Amount, and to all

Intents and Purpofes, as if fuch Perfon were an Inhabitant of fuch

Parifh; any thing in the laid recited AS to the contrary in anywife

notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enaSed, That in aQ Cafes where any Cor- Clerk or Agent poratSon or Body Politic or Corporate or Company fhall be charged Corpoiwm, to the Rate for the Relief of the Poor of fuch Parifh, either in the Name of fuch Corporation or of any Officer of the faid Corporation, eoediogto ttie it fhall and may be lawful for the Clerk, Secretary, Steward or other Value of the Agent duly authorifed for that Purpofe of fuch Corporation or Body Premises rated. Politic or Corporate or Company, to be prefent at any Veftry to be holden in the (aid Parifh under the faid recited AS 5 and fuch Clerk,

Secretary, Steward or Agent, Audi be entitled to give fuch and fo many Vote or Votes at fuch Veftry, in refpeS of the Amount of the Rent, Profit or Value of fuch Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as by the faid AS any Inhabitant stfiefled to fuch Rate prefent at fuch Veftry might or ought to have and be entitled to in refpeS of fuch Amount; any thing in the faid recited AS to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

* III. And Whereas by the faid AS it was intended to be 58 G. 3. c. 69*

* enaSed that no Perfon mould be prefent at or vote at any Veftry f 5-

*	who fhould have refufed to pay any Afieffment that had become due

*	and had been demanded of fuch Perfon, but the Word ‘ and ’ was

4 by Miftake fo inferted in the faid AS, as to make the fame in € that refpeS ambiguousNow, to reSify fuch Miftake, be it further enaSed, That no Perfon who fhall have refufed or negleSed to Nonpayment of pay any Rate for the Relief of the Poor which fhall be due from	dli-

aad fhall have been demanded of him, fhaH be entitled to vote or to

be prefent in any Veftry of the Parifh for which fuch Rate fhall oTJSingfa1 have been made, until he (hall have paid the fame ; nor fhall any fuch Vestry. Clerk, Secretary, Steward or Agent, be entitled to be prefent or to vote, nor fhall be prefent or vote, at any Veftry in fuch Parifh, unlefs

all

492

59° GEO. Ill;

A.D.1819.

C. 85,86.

all Rates for the Relief of the Poor, which (hall have been affeffed and charged upon or in refped of the annual Rent, Profit or Value, in right of which any fuch Clerk, Secretary, Steward or Agent (hall claim to be prefent and vote, which (hall be due, and which (hall have been demanded at any time before the Meeting of fuch Veftry, (hall have been paid and fatisfied.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An A£l for regulating the Exercife of the Right of Common of Pafture in the New For ft* in the County of Southampton ; for repealing certain Parts of Two Ads paffed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth and the Fifty fecond Years of His prefent Majefty \ and for the better Colle&ion and Recovery of the Gale Rents in the Foreft of Dean* in the County of Glouce/ler.

C7th July 1819.]

c YT7HEREAS confiderable Inconvenience and Injury is fuf-* VV- tained, and much Damage done to the young Timber and to 4 the Herbage in the New Foreft* in the County of Southampton* by 4 Perfons not having Rights of Common in the faid Foreft turning 4 Horfes, Cattle, and other Beads to depafture in the (aid Fored,

4 and by other Perfons having Rights of Common on the faid Fored 4 fuffering their Horfes, Cattle and other Beads to remain thereon 4 during the Winter Seafon or Hayning time, contrary to Law ; and 4 it is expedient that additional Remedies (hould be provided to pre-4 vent fuch Damage and Injury : And Whereas an Ad was paffed in $9 & 40 G 3.	4 the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His Mayefty’s Reign, intiT

86.	* tuled An A3 for the better Prefervation of Timber in the New Fored,

4 in the County of Southampton, andfor afcertaining the Boundaries of 4 the faid Foreft and of the Lands of the Crown within the fame : And S% G. 3. c.161. 4 Whereas an A61 was paffed in the Fifty fecond Year of His Ma-4 jefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for enabling His Majejty to grant 4 Leafes under certain Ctrcumjtances* and for the better carrying into 4 Fffe3 the Provifions of an A3 faffed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth 4 Tear of His prefent Majejty, touching the Formation of a Map of the 4 New Foreft, in the County of Southampton, and continuing and ex-4 tending other Provifions of the faid A3; for further appropriating the 4 Monies arifen or to arife from the Sale of certain Crown Lands under 4 the Authority of divers A3s of Parliament; and for annexing certain 4 Lands within the Forejt of Rockingham to His Majefty1 s Manor of 4 King’s Cliffe ; andfor enabling the Commiffioners of the Treafwry to 4 appropriate fmall Portions of Land for Ecclejiajtical Purpofes : And 4 Whereas it is expedient to repeal fo much of the faid Ads as fub-4 jeds the Regarders, Under Forefters, Under Keepers, or other 4 Officers of the faid Forefts, to Forfeiture and Deprivation of their 4 Offices for the Offences in the faid Ads mentioned: And Whereas 4 it iB neceffary to provide for the better Colle&ion and Recovery 4 of the annual Compofitions ufually called Gale Reuts or Gawlr 4 Rents, now due and in Arrear, or which may hereafter become 4 due to His Majefty, in His Majefty’s Foreft of Dean, in the 4 County of Gloucefter:9 May it therefore pleafe Your Majefly that, it may be enaded; and be it enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent: Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual

and

59° GEO. Ill*

499

C.86*

and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled,

and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing Officers of the

of this A& it (hall and may be lawful for any Regarder, Groom New Forest

Keeper, Foreder, Under Foreder, or other Officer of the New empowered

Forefl9 m the County of Southampton, to feize any Horfe, Mare or	.

Gelding, or any other Cattle or Bead belonging to any Perfon or depestaring

Perfons not having or being entitled to Rights of Common of Paf- thereon.

ture on the faid Fored, found depaduring thereon at any time of the

Year ; and alfo to take and feize any Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or

any other Cattle or Bead belonging to any Perfon or Perfons having

and being entitled to Right of Common or Padure on the faid Fored,

which (hall be found depaduring therein during the Winter Seafon or

Hayning time; (that is to fay), between the Twenty third Day of

November and the Fourth Day of May yearly, and every fuch Horfe,

Mare or Gelding, or other Bead fo feized, to impound in New Park or fuch other Place within the faid Fored as the Verderors thereof or any Two of them (hall from time to time appoint, and every fuch Horfe, Mare, Gelding or other Bead to keep impounded until redeemed by the Owner or Owners thereof, on Payment of the Penalties hereinafter impofed, and of the Expences (if any) incurred in the Keep of the faid Horfe, Mare, Gelding or other Bead.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That the Owner or Owners of Penalties for every Horfe, Mare, Gelding or other Bead fo feized and impounded, Offences on (hall forfeit and pay the feveral Penalties following ; (that is to fay,)

Every Perfoanot having or being entitled to Right of Common of of Common. Padure on the faid Fored, who mall be convidied before the Verderors of the (aid Fored, or any T wo of them, or in the Court of Attachments of the faid Fored, of turning out or fuffering to depaf-tnre in the faid Fored at any time in the Year, any Horfe, Mare,

Gelding or other Bead of which fuch Perfon (hall be the Owner, the Sum of Ten Shillings for each Horfe, Mare, Gelding or other First Offence. Bead fo turned out or found depaduring, and the Sum of Sixpence for each Day fuch Horfe, Mare, Gelding or other Bead (hall Be unredeemed by fuch Perfon after the fame (hall be feized and impounded; and if fuch Perfon (hall be convi&ed a Second time of Second Offence, turning out or fuffering to depadure in the faid Fored at any time of the Year, the fame or any other Horfe, Mare, Gelding or other Bead of which fuch Perfon (hall be the Owner, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for each Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or other Bead fo turned out or luffered to depadure, and the Sum of Sixpence for each Day fuch Horfe, Mare, Gelding or other Bead (hall be unredeemed by fuch Perfon after the fame (nail be feized and impounded; and if fuch Per- Third Offence, fon (hall be convi&ed a Third time, or any fubfequent time, of a like Offence, fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay for each Horfe, Mare,

Gelding or other Bead fo turned out or found depaduring, the Sum of Thirty Shillings, and the further Sum of Sixpence for each Day the fame (hall be unredeemed:

And every Perfon having or being entitled to Right of Common of On Persons . Padure in the faid Fored, who (hall be convi&ed before the Ver-derors of the faid Fored, or any Two of them, or in the Court of ° imnon* Attachments of the faid Fored, of turning out or fuffering to depaf-ture in the faid Fored, during the Winter Seafon or Hayning time hereinbefore fpecified, any Horfe, Mare, Gelding or other Bead of which fuch Perfon (hall be the Owner, the Sum of Seven Shillings First Offenss.

C. 86.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Second Offence.

Third Offence.

Penalties how to be recovered.

If Produce of Sale of Beast not sufficient, then Distress on Offender** Goods.

Owners of Beasts, on paying Penalty, Ac. may have Beasts returned.

Application of Penalties.

for each Horfe# Mare, Gelding or other Bead fo turned out or found depalluring in the faid Foreft, and the Sum of Sixpence for each Day fuch Hone, Mare, Gelding or other Bead (half be unredeemed by fuch Perfon, after the fame (hall be feized and impounded j and if fuch Perfon (hall be convicted a Second time of turning out or fuf-fering to depafture in the faid Foreft during the Winter Seafon or Hayning time, the fame or any other Horfe, Mare, Gelding or Beaft of which fuch laft mentioned Perfon (hall be the Owner, the Sum of Fourteen Shillings for each Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or other Beaft fo turned out or found depafturing, and the Sum of Sixpence for each Day fuch Horfe, Mare or Gelding, or other Beaft (hall be unredeemed after being feized and impounded; and if fuch Perfon lhall be convifted a Tnird time, or any fubfeqwent time, of a like Offence, fuch Perfon lhall forfeit and pay for each Horfe, Mare, Gelding or other Beaft fo turned out or found depafturing during the Winter Seafon or Hayning time, the Sum of Twenty one Shillings, and the further Sum of Sixpence for each Day the fame lhall be unredeemed after being feized and impounded.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That all the faid Penalties hereinbefore impofed lhall and may be recovered before the Verderors of the faid Foreft, or any Two of them, or in the Court of Attachments of the faid Foreft; and in cafe any Penalty or Penalties fo recovered lhall not be paid forthwith, it lhall be lawful for the Verderors of the faid Court before whom fuch Penalty (hall be recovered, or any Two of the Verderors, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, and dire6led to the Officer or Officers appointed or to be appointed to execute the Judgments and Orders of the faid Court for tne faid Foreft, to caufe the Horfe, Mare, Gelding or other Beaft in refpeft of which fuch Penalty or Penalties lhall be recovered, to be publicly fold, and the Amount of fuch Penalty or Penalties recovered, together with the Colls of Sale, to be retained and paid out of the Proceeds of fuch Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner of the Horfe, Mare, Gelding or other Beaft fo fold; and in cafe the Sum or Suras of Money obtained from the Sale of any Horfe, Mare, Gelding or other Beaft, lhall not be fufficient to fatisfy the Amount of the Penalty or Penalties recovered againft the Owner or Owners thereof, it lhall and may be lawful for the Verderors of the faid Forefl, or any Two of tnem, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, dire&ed as aforefaid, to caule the Remainder of fuch Penalty or Penalties to be levied by Diflrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with all Colls and Charges attending fuch Diftrefs and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) oa demand, to the Owner of fuch Goods and Chattels.

IV.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if the Owner of any Horfe, Mare, Gelding or other Beaft fo impounded as aforefaid, (hall forthwith on Convi&ion pay the Penalties aforefaid in refped of the fame, together with the Colls (if any) of the Keep thereof, then and immediately on fuch Payment, fuch Horfe, Mare, Gelding or other Beall fo impounded lhall be reftored to the Owner or Owner? thereof.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That all the faid Penalties hereinbefore impofed lhall, when recovered, be by the Verderors or other Perfon or Perfons receiving the fame, forthwith paid over to the Under Steward of the faid Foreft, to be applied in defraying the

Expenoes

59° GEO. III.

C.86.

495

Expellees attending the Execution of any Laws relating to the faid Foreft, $s the Verderors of the faid Foreft, or any Two or more of them, (half at a Court of Attachments of the faid Foreft dire&: Pro*

▼ided always, and it is hereby declared, that nothing herein contained Proviso for (hall extend, or be conftrned, deemed or taken to extend, to repeal of the or annul any of the Laws now exifting in reg rard to the Exercife of Fo^V*Uu,n* the Right of Common of Paftare, or any other Rights of Common common.0 in or upon the faid Foreft ; but that all fuch Laws (nail remain and continue in full Force and EfFe&, and (hall and mar be carried into Execution in fuch and the like manner as if this Act had never been

pafled.

VI. And be it further ena&ed, That fo much of the faid recited Adts of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth and Fifty fecond Years of His 39 & 40 G. 3. Majefty*8 Reign, as fubie&s certain Officers therein mentioned to c.86. § 93. Forfeiture and Deprivation of their Offices for the Offences in the ^ faid A&s mentioned, (hall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed *I4# r8peml * and made void: Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that But Verderors nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued, deemed or may fine Retaken to extend, to repeal or annul fo much of the faid A&s, or gwdera,Under either of them, as enadts that it (hall be lawful for the Verderors of the feid Foreft, or any Two of them, to enquire into the Condu& 180011 uct* and Behaviour of the Retarders, Under Formers, Groom Keepers, or other Officers of the faid Foreft in the faid Offices; and that if the (aid Verderors ihall find that any of the faid Regarders, Under Forefters, Groom Keepers or other Officers have been guilty of any of the Offences m the faid A&s mentioned, that then and in fucti

Cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Verderors or any Two of them, (having due Proof made before them on Oath of any fuch wilful AA, NcgleA, Omiffion or Default in the faid Ads mentioned), to let and impofe a Fine not exceeding the Sam of Ten Pounds on fuch Regarder, Under Forefter, Groom Keeper, or other Officer for every fuch his wilful Ad, Negled, Omiffion or Default, to be received and applied as therein mentioned, but that all fuch Powers (hall remain and continue in full Force and Effed, and (hall and may be carried into Execution in fuch and the like manner as if this Ad had never been paffed.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Perfon who now does dr who (hall be appointed to and hold the Office of Gaveller or Keeper of the Gawle, called The Gawle above the Wood, within the Foreft of Dean, in the County of G lovelier, and the Office of Keeper of the Gawle under the Wood, within the faid Foreft for the time being, from and after the paffing of this Ad, to recover and levy any Sum or Sums of Money now due and owing, or which (hall hereafter become due and payable to His Majefty, from any Perfon or Perfons, for and in ffefped of the annual Compofition8 ufually called Gale Rente or Gawle Rente, payable writhin the faid Foreft, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chat-eels of the Perfon or Perfons from whom fuch Compofitions are or ihall be due and owing, wherefoever the fame (hall be found, together with the Cofts and Charges of fuch Diftrefs and Sale, as in Cfce Nature of a Diftrefs for Rent; and in cafe the Goods and Chat-t*U diftrained (hall be replevied by the Owner or Owners thereof, and a Suit or Action m Replevin (hall be brought, and profecuted or commenced agatnft the laid Gaveller, or the Perfon or Perfons

making

Officer* herein named may distrain for Gale Rents or Gawle Rents, due to His Majesty.

C. 86.

59? GEO. III.

A.D* 1819.

Pleading.

Principal Gaveller may recover Gale Rent or Gale Money by Action in a Court of Record.

Gaveller to recover for Use of His Majesty, and to account. &c.

Proviso for proceeding by Information, for recovering Compositions.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

making fuch Diftrefs, it (hall and may be lawful for the Perfon holding the faid Office of Gaveller to plead to the faid Ad ion, or to avow the taking the faid Goods and Chattels, and for the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Di ft refs to make cognifance as the Bailiff of the faid Gaveller for the time being for the making the faid Diftrefs, alleging in fuch Avowry or Cognifance, that the (aid Diftrefs whereof the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs complained, was made by Authority of and according to the Purport ot this Ad, for fo much Gale Rent or Gawle Kent due from the Plaintiff to die faid Gaveller, as Gaveller of the Foreft of Dean, without ex prefling or Rehearfal of any other Matter; to which Avowry or Cognifance the Plaintiff (hall be admitted to plead that the Defendant did take the faid Diftrefs of his own wrong, without any fuch Caufe alleged by the Defendant; whereupon the I flue in fuch Adion (hall be joined, and upon the Trial of that Iffue the whole Matter to be given by both Parties in Evidence according to the very Truth of the fame.

VIII.	And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful for the Principal Gaveller for the time being of the faid Foreft of Dean, to fue for and recover any Arrears or Sums now due, or at any time hereafter to grow or become due, from any Perfon or Perfons for and in refped of any fuch Compofltions as aforefaid, in any of His Maieftv’s Courts of Record; and all fuch Adions fball be brought in the Name of the Principal Gaveller for the time being of the laid Foreft of Dean; and in all fuch Adions it (hall be fuflicient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Defendant or Defendants is or are indebted to him the faid Plaintiff as Principal Gaveller of the Foreft of Dean, for fo much Money due and owing as Gale Rent or Gawle Rent, .from the Defendant or Defendants to the Plaintiff as fuch Principal Gaveller, without fetting forth any other Special Matter; and no fuch Adion or Suit (hall abate or be dif-continued by the Death or Removal of the Perfon in whofe Name the fame (hall be fo brought or commenced.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That all Sum and Sums of Money to be .recovered* by the Perfon being Principal Gaveller of the faid Foreft of Dean, either by Diftrefs or Adion, under the Authority of this Ad, for any fuch Compofltions as aforefaid, (hall be recovered for the Ufe of His Majefty, and (hall be accounted for and applied by the faid Gaveller, as he is now bound by Law to account for and apply all Gale Rent or Gale Money received by him.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to prevent His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, from proceeding by Information in His Court of Exchequer, or any other Court, for the recovering of any fuch Compofltions as aigirefaid, or any Arrears thereof, in any Cafes in which it (hall be thought expedient fo to do.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That if any Adion or Suit (hall be brought or commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons, for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this Ad, either in the New Forejl or the faid Foreft of Dean, fuch Adion or Suit (hall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and (hall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch Adion may plead the General Iffue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence

7

! A.D. 181.9.

59° GEO. III.

C. 86,87.

497

for his or their Defence; and if upon a Trial a Verdid (hall pafs for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her or their A&ion or Profecution, or Judgment (hall be given againft him, her or them, upon Demurrer or other wife, then fuch Defendant or Defendants fhall have Treble Cofts awarded to him or them againil fuch Plaintiff or Treble Cotfs. Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXXV1I.

An Aft to grant to His Majefty certain Duties of Excife in Ireland on Malt.	[l2th July 1819.3

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 TTyTE, Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjeds, the 4 VV Commons of tne United Kingdom of Great Britain and * Ireland, in Parliament affembled, towards railing the neceffary 4 Supplies, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant 4 unto Your Majefty the Duties hereinafter mentioned, and do moft 4 humbly befeech Your Majefty that it may be ena&edand be it enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland there fhall be granted, raifed, levied, collected, paid and fatisfied unto and for the Ufe of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, the feveral Duties of Excife following; that is to fay.

For and upon every Barrel of Malt containing Four Bufhels Malt in Stock Winchefter Meafure, which (hall have been or fhall be in the Stock, on or after Cuftodv or Poffefiion of any Perfon in Ireland on or after the Fifth Jan* 5» 1810, Day or January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and which	Dut7

fhall have been charged or chargeable with the Duty "payable	***

thereon under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this Ad, a Duty of Four Shillings and Eight pence Britijb Currency, in addition to the Duty with which fuch Malt fhall nave been fo charged or chargeable under any fuch Ad or Ads:

For and upon every Barrel of Malt containing Four Bufhels Malt made Winchefter Meafure, which at any time or times from and after the after that Day, faid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, a	°f f4*

(hall be made of Barley, or any other Com or Grain in Ireland, by oft^er* any Perfon or Perfons whomfoever, or for which any Perfon fhall be j^gh Duties, chargeable with Duty by Law, whether the fame fhall be or fhall not be for Sale, the Sum of Fourteen Shillings Britifb Currency, and fo proportionablv for any greater or lefs Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof refpedively, in lieu of all Duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland immediately before tne palling of this Ad.

IL. And be it further enaded, That from and after the Fifth Day Counterrsiling of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, there fhall be charged on all Malt, and on all Beer or Ale and Spirits made or &c, jnto diftafled in Great Britain, and imported bom thence into Ireland, the Ireland. Countervailing Duties following, in lieu and full Satisfadion of all MS Guo. ID.	K	k	Counter-

498

C.S7,

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Milt, 14s. per Barrel.

Beer, 9s. 9<L per Barrel.

British Spirits, imported from G. B. into Ireland, 6s. per Gallon.

Drawback of Duties on Exportation from Ireland • to G. B.

Drawbacks on Malt. &c. exported to any other Place than G. B. 14s. per Barrel for Malt, and 9s. 9<L for Beer.

Drawback on Exportation of Spirits ware* boused 6<L per Gallon; on Spirits not warehoused, exported to any Place except G. B. 6s. per Gallon.

Countervailing Duties whatever payable upon fuch Mak, or on fuch Beer or Ale or Spirits, under or by virtue of any Aft or A£b of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the paffing of this Ad; that is to fay,

For and upon every Barrel of Malt 'made in Great Britain, and imported diredly from thence into Ireland, the Sum of Fourteen Shillings Britijb Currency:

For and upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale, containing Thirty two Gallons, brewed or made in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, the Sum of Nine Shillings and Nine pence Britijb Currency:

For and upon every Gallon Irijb Wine Meafure of Spirits which (hall be made or dikilled in Great Britain, and which (hall be imported from Great Britain into Ireland, at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Fouf over Hydrometer Proof (being, according to Law, Twenty one per Centum above Proof by Sikes’s Hydrometer), the Sum of Six Shillings Britijb Currency, and fo in proportion for any lefs Degree of Strength, not being lefs than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof (being, according to Law, Seven per Centum above rroof by Sikes’s Hydrometer!:

• And that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of any Malt or Beer or Ale made or brewed in Ireland refpeftively, there (hall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty hereby granted on Malt, and on Beer or Ale made in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland.

III.	And be it further enafted, That in lieu and inkead of. all former Drawbacks on Malt, or on Beer or Ale made in Ireland, and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, there (hall be paid to every Perfon who (hall legally export from Ireland to any other Place than Great Britain, any Malt or any Strong Beer or Ale made or brewed in Ireland from Malt, on which the Duties payable under this Aft (hall have been fully paid and fatisfied, the Drawbacks or Allowances following; that is to fay, For every Barrel of fuch Malt the Sum of Fourteen Shillings Britt/b Currency ; and for every Barrel of fuch Beer or Ale, the Sum of Nine Shillings and Nine pence Britijb Currency.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That upon the Exportation of any Spirits made or diddled in Ireland from Corn or Grain, malted or unmalted, which (hall have been or (hall be warehoufed in Ireland, and which (hall be exported from thence to Great Britain, or die-where, there (hall be allowed and paid a Drawback of Sixpence and no more upon every Gallon of fuch Spirits, for and in refpeft of the Duty paid on the Malt ufed and continued in the making of fuch Spirits, in lieu and inkead of all Drawbacks allowed or made payable on fuch Spirits in refpeft of fuch Duty by any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland; and that on all Spirits diddled from Corn in Ireland, on which all Duties impofed by Law thereon have been

faid, and which (hall be exported from tnence otherwife than from I lis Majeky’s Warehoufes to any Place except Great Britain, the Sum of Six Shillings Britijb Currency for every Gallon of fuch Spirits of a Strength not lefs than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, being according to Law Seven per Centum above Proof by Sikes’s Hydrometer, in lieu of all Drawbacks allowed or

made

i

59° GEO. III.

499

A.D. 1819.

C.87.

made payable on fuch Spirits fo exported by any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland\

V.	And in order to fecure the additional Duty of Four Shillings Officer to take and Eight pence per Barrel on Malt impofed by this Aft, be it an Account of enafted. That it mall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers Stoclc of

of Excife in Ireland, to take an Account of the Quantity %of all j“n°r Malt, ground or unground, which (hall be in the Stock, Cuftody ^*0f Com! or Pofleffion of any Perfon in Ireland\ on or after the faid Fifth Day &c. in Process of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and which (hall on the aaid have been charged or chargeable with the Duty payable thereon 5th under or by virtue of any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland immediately before the paffing of this Aft; and (hall alfo take an Account of the Quantity of all Corn or Grain in Procefs of being made into Malt, which (hall on the faid Fifth Day of January be in the Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion of any Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, or Brewer or Diftiller making Malt in Ireland; and every fuch Officer or Officers (hall make a Return in Writing to the Returns made Colleftor of Excife or other Officer in charge of the refpeftive Dif- by Officer to trifts in which fuch Malt, or Com in Procefs of being made into Excbeof Malt, fhall have been or (hall be on the faid Fifth Day of Ja- Quantity of unary 9 of the juft and true Quantity of all fuch Malt in the Stock, Malt and Cuftody or Pofleffion of fuch Perfon, and of the Quantity of Malt Com in P«>-by Law chargeable in refpeft of all Com or Grain in Procefs of and f . being made into Malt, in the Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion of any	~

fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt for Sale, or Brewer or Diftiller making Malt, and of the Amount of the additional Duty of Four Shillings and Eight pence per Barrel impofed under and by virtue of this Aft, as well for all Dry Malt as for all Malt chargeable with Duty in refpeft of all Com or Grain in Procefs of being made into Malt in the Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion of every fuch Perfon refpeftively, on the faid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty; and every fuch Return (hall be a Charge on Return to be s every fuch Perfon refpeftively; and every fuch Officer is hereby cliar8e« required to leave a true Copy of fuch Return in Writing under his Hand, with every fuch Penon refpeftively, or at the Dwelling Houfe or Stores of fuch Perfon refpeftively: Provided always, that Allowance for in all fuch Dry Malt there (hall be made an Allowance and De- Dr7 dnftkm from the Accounts fo taken by the Officer after the Rate of Twelve Barrels in every One hundred Barrels of Brown or Porter Malt, and of Five Barrels in every One hundred Barrels of all other Malt.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That the proper Officer of Excife Maltster

in his Return againft any Maltfter or Maker of Malt, or Brewer or charged 91.4^-Diftiller making Malt, for the Month ending the * Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, (hall charge fuch f^iSonth Maltfter or Maker of Malt, Brewer or Diftiller making Malt, with ending Jan. 5, the Duty of Nine Shillings and Four pence Britijh Currency per 1810; but in Barrel impofed and payable upon Malt under and by virtue of the following federal Afts in force in Ireland immediately previous to the faid Jffij ^ Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, for charged, and in refpeft of the whole and entire Quantity of Malt with which fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt, Brewer or Diftiller making Malt, fhall by Law be chargeable for the faid Month: Provided always; that tne Officer of Excife in his Returns againft any Maltfter or

K k 2	Maker

500

a 87.

590 GEO. ILL

A.D.1819,

Malt, for which Permit, &c. shall have been granted for Removal before Jan. 5,18zof shall, on its Arrival on or after that Day, pay the additional Duty of 4S. 8d. per Barret

Timet of Payment of additional Duty of 48. 8d. per Barrel.

Not paying additional Duty, or removing Malt without Permit, &c.

Penalty.

Maker of Malt, or Brewer Diftiiler making Malt, for the Month ending the Fifth Day of February One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and in like manner for every fubfequent Month, (hall charge fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt, Brewer or Diftiiler making Malt, with the full Duty of Fourteen Shillings ter Barrel impofed on Malt by this Aft, for and in refpeft of the wnole and entire Quantity of Malt with which fuch Maltfter or Maker of Malt, Brewer or Diluller making Malt, (hall by Law be chargeable for any fuch Month or • Months ; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywife not-withftanding.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That all Malt for the Removal of which from any Place in Ireland\ to any other Place within the fame, either Coaftwife or by Canal or Land Carriage, a Coaft Cocket * or Permit (hall have been granted before the faid Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and which (hall arrive at the Place of its Detonation on or after the faid Fifth Day of Ja-nuary9 (hall on its Arrival become chargeable with the faid additional Duty of Four Shillings and Eight pence for and upon every Barrel thereof, and after the fame Rate for any greater or Iefs Quantity ; and the Officer or Officers of Excife (hau make a Return thereof to the Colleftor of Excife of the Diftrift, or other Officer in Change of the Colleftion, in. like manner as is herein direfted with refpeft to the Return to be made by any Officer or Officers of Malt ini the Stock, Cuftody or Pofleffion of any Perfon on the faid Fifth Day of January, and fuch Return (hall be a .Qharge on the Perfon into whole' Cuftody or Pofleffion fuch Malt (hall come, on or after the faid Fifth Day of Januaryy and fuch Perfon (hall he charged with and (hall pay * the additional Duty for the fame accordingly.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That all Perfons charged with the additional Duty on Malt of Four Shillings and Eight pence per Barrel impofed by this Aft, (hall pay the fame to the Colleftor of the Diftrift, or other Chief Officer in charge of the Colleftion of the Diftrift, at the times and in manner following ; that is to fay. One Fourth Part thereof on or before the Fifth Day of February, One other Fourth Part thereof on or before the Fifth Day of March* One other Fourth Part thereof on or before the Fifth Day of April* and the remaining Fourth Part thereof on or before the Fifth Day of May next after the paffing of this Aft, unlefs fuch Malt (hall be fooner removed, in which Cade the whole of the faid additional Duty (hall be paid for all fuch Malt as (hall be fo removed before the fame (hall be removed, and before any Permit for removing or conveying the fame (hall be granted.

IX.	And be it further enafted* That every Perfon chargeable with the faid additional Duty on Malt under this Aft, who (hall not pay the additional Duty fo charged on all fuch Malt in manner and at the times direfted by this Aft, or who (hall remove any fuch Malt with* out having paid or cleared the whole of the faid additional Duty payable on the Malt fo removed, or in whofe Stock Account kept by any Officer of Excife there (hall appear to have been any Decreafe of fuch Malt, without having obtained from the proper Officer al Permit authoring the Removal of fuch Malt fo deficient, (hall be liable to and (hall pay double the Amount of fuch additional Duty chargeable on fuch Malt, and (hall alfo forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Offence.

X. And

A.D. I SIB.

69* GEO. Ilf/

a 61.

50 J

X.	And he it further enafted, That all Monies arifing from the Duties carried feveral Duties by this A A granted, the neceflary Charges of paying to Conaoli-and collefting the fame being deduced, (hall be carried to ana made &***& Fund. Part-of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

XL And be it further enafted, That in all Cafes when any of Maltaawdla* the faid additional Duties on. Malt payable under this A A by any otber Goods,

* Perfon fhall be unpaid at the time when fuch Duties or any Part thereof are by this Aft made due and payable, it fhall and may be put* * lawful for the Colleftor of Excife of the Diftrift, or other Officer ‘in charge of the Colleftion of the Diftrift, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Perfon or Perfons to take and dif-train any Malt, or any other Goods or Chattels in the Ufe, Cuftody or Poffeffion of the Perfon owing fuQh Duties, and to caufe the fame to be fold by public Auftion ; and if after Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from fuch Perfon, together with the Coda and Expences of fuch taking, diftraining and Sale, there fhall be any Surplus ariftng from the Safe thereof, fuch Surplus fhall forthwith be tendered and paid to fuch Perfon, or his or .her refpeftive Representatives : Provided always, that when any Malt fhall be fo Aft* Distress,

•	taken and diftrained, it fhall and may be lawful tor fuch Perfon, or Malt may be

his or her refpeftive Reprefentatives, at any time or times before the MfWVdue • Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to Obtain Permits for convey- y 8	9

*	jng all or any Part of fuch Malt, upon his, her or their paying to the Colleftor or other Chief Officer aforeftnd, towards difcharging the Duties fo due and payable, the real Value of fuch Malt as he, fhe or they fhall defire to remove, and the fame may be removed accordingly ; and a proper Permit or proper Permits fhall on due and ^rmit

. Application be given for the fame, in like manner as if no fuch Dif- gran trefs had been made.

XII.	And be it further enafted. That the feveral Drawbacks Former Draw-payable under any Aft or Afts in force immediately before the bac^J r*raa,n paffing of thi. Aft upon Malt, or upon Beer or Ale or Spirits re- exported, u^n lpeftively exported from Ireland to Great Britain or eliewhere, fhall which additional continue to be paid and allowed on all Malt, and on all Beer or Ale Duty not paid, or Spirits refpeftively fo exported, upon which the additional or increafed Duty, in refpeft whereof the increafed Drawbacks are given and allowed by this Aft, fhall not have been folly paid and fatisfied :

Provided alfo, that the increafed Drawbacks by this Aft made pay- Oath to be able fhall not be paid or allowed on any Malt, or on any Beer or Ale taken by Ex-or Spirits refpeftively fo exported, unlefs the Perfon reipeftively who P^ter, &c. fhall export fuch Malt or Beer or Ale refpeftively fhall make Oath ^^wb«kii that the additional or increafed Duties, on account of which fuch allowed. Drawbacks fhall be required refpeftively, have been folly paid and fatisfied, and fhall alfo perform all fuch Requifites, and comply with fuch Regulations and Reftriftions, as are or fhall be required to be performed and obferved by Perfons exporting any Article whereon any Drawback or Bounty is payable for obtaining the fame.

XJII. And be it further enafted, That all the faid Drawbacks Drawback* {hall be paid by the Colleftor of Inland Excife and Taxes of the P**d	,

DiRrift from which fuch Malt or Beer or Ale or Spirits fhall be ex-	n

ported, out of any Money in his Hands, on. foch Certificate from the Colleftor, Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Port from whence the fame fhall be exported, as is required by . an Aft made

Kk 3	in

502

C. 87,

59° GEO. III.

A.D.18I9,

From Aug. 5, 1819, Maltsters to pay the Duty within Four Months

47	G.3. Sets. 2. in the Forty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty'a Reign, intituled c* ,6’ * 7‘ An AS to grant to His Majefty, until tbs Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and eight, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandefe, into and from Ireland, in cafe of Drawbacks on Exportation of Goods in refpeft of an internal Duty of Excife paid thereon.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the Fifth Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, every Maltller or Maker of Malt (hall pay the Duty which, by any Return

_____________ or Charge for the Calendar Month ending on the faid Fifth Day of

after the Charge Augujl, or for any fubfequent Calendar Month, (hall appear to have made, unless become due and payable in refpeft of the Malt, with Duty for which ^ftlt •°yner fuch Maltfler or Maker of Malt (hall be by Law chargeable for any rcm0Y	fuch Month refpeftively, within Four Calendar Months after the

End of the Month for which fuch Return and Charge (hall have been made, unlefs fuch Malt (hall be fooner removed from the Malt Houfe or Place where the fame (hall have been kept, in which Cafe the faid Duties (hall be paid for all fuch Malt as (hall be intended to be removed before any Permit for removing, carrying or conveying the fame (hall be granted; and every Maltfler or Maker of Malt (hall for every Default in Payment of any fuch Duty within the time Penalty.	aforefaid,	forfeit	Twenty	Pounds,	together	with a Sum equal to

double the Amount of the Duty fo returned and charged.

Provisions in XV. And be it further enafted, That fo much and fuch Parts former Acta re- 0f any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland at the time of the pafling ment'of Duty	Aft for the Colleftion of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and

within 31 Days, regulating the Trade of a Maltfler, as requires fuch Duties to be repealed. paid within Thirty one Days, or as inflifts any Penalty for the Mon Payment of the lame within fuch Thirty one Days, (nail from and alter the faid Fifth Day of Augujl be repealed, except fo far as the fame relate to the Payment of any Duties chargeable or charged before the faid Fifth Day of Augujl•

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral Duties and Drawbacks by this Aft granted and allowed and made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Aft, (hall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in Briti/b Currency, and (hall be railed, levied, collefted, paid, fued for, recovered and applied in fuch Manner and under fuch Powers and Authorities, and by fuch Ways and Methods, and according to fuch Rules and Directions, and under fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, direfted and expreffed for the railing, collecting, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties or Drawbacks, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Aft made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years or His late Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled An AS for fettling the Excife or New Impofi upon His Majejly, His Heirs or Succeffors, according to the 46 G. 3. c. 106. Book of Rates therein inferted; or in and by an Aft made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to provide for the better Execution of the fevered ASs relating to the Hr* venues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Conmiffemers of Gufloms and Port Duties, and of the Commiffloners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland; or in or by any other Aft or Afts in force m Ireland, relating to the Duties on Malt, or to the Revenue of Cuftonm* and Excife^ or cither of them, as fully and effeftually to all Intent^

and.

Duties and Drawbacks, liow to be levied and paid.

14 & 15 C. a.

(i.)

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 87,88.

508

and Purpofes as if the fame were herein expreffed and enafted, with

the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved,

as in and by the faid recited Aft made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth

Years of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, or any other A ft

or Afts as aforefaid, is provided; and that all and every Aft and Powers of

Afts in force in Ireland, relating to the Duties of Excife on Malt, former Acts rt- '

and all Powers, Rules and Regulations, Penalties, Claufes, Matters	Duties

and Things therein contained, (hall extend and be conftrued to extend

to the railing, levying and collefting the feveral Duties by this Aft ^ct.

granted on Malt, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofes

as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in this Aft.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered, Act altered, Ac. amended ot repealed bf any Aft or Afts to be made in this prefent this Session. Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Aft to repeal the annual Excife Duties upon Malt, Tobacco and SnufF, continued by an Aft of the prefent Seflion of Parliament, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, for the Service of the Year ending the Fifth Day of July One thou-fand eight hundred and twenty.	[I2th July 1819.}

* Moft Gracious Sovereign,

4 TT7E, Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal Subjefts, the 4 VV Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 4 Ireland in Parliament affembled, towards railing the Supplies 4 neceflary to defray the Expences of Your Majefty's Government,

4 have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto Your 4 Majefty, the feveral Rates and Duties of Excife hereinafter * refpeftively mentioned, and do therefore moft humbly befeech 4 Your Majefty that it may be enafted ;* and be it enafted by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame.

That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight Duty cm If air, hundred and nineteen, the Excife Duties upon Malt, and upon	continued

Tobacco and Snuff refpeftively, continued by an Aft of this pre-	^au*

fent Seflion of Parliament, intituled An Ad for continuing to Hit Ma-	ceMe>

jcftj certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain, and on Penfiont, Offices and Perfonal Efiates in England, for the Service of the Tear One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, (hall ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable ; fave and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof refpeftively, which may at that time remain unpaid ; or to any except Ar-Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating ran, Ac. thereto refpeftively, which (hall have been incurred at any time before or on that Day.

II.	And be it further enafted. That in lieu of the faid Duties In lieu of hereby repealed, there (hall be raifed, levied, collefted and paid, Duties repealed throughout Great Britain, to and for the Ufe of His Majefty, His the followmg Heirs and Succeffors, the feveral Duties of Excife hereinafter men-boned ; (that is to fay),

For and upon every Bufhel of Malt which (hall on or after the Malt is. per \ Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and Bushel.

if k 4	before

504

C.8S.

59° GEO. 1IJ.

A.D. 1819.

Tobacco and Snuff, not being Irish, is. per lb.

Proviso respecting Tobacco and Snuff warehoused.

Duties levied as former Duties.

Powers of former Acta for securing such Duties extended to this Act.

Act altered, Ac. this Session.

before the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight' hundred and twenty, be made in iIreat Britain, from Barley or any other Corn or Grain, or {hall be brought from Scotland into England, without a Certificate from the proper Officer, that it hath paid the Duty due ' thereon of One Shilling for every Bufhel thereof, an Excife Duty of One Shilling:

For and upon every Pound Weight of all Tobacco and Snuff (not being Irijb Tobacco or Snuff) refpeftively, imported or brought into Great Britain, on or after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and before the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and of all Tobacco and Snuff refpeftively, which (hall on the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen be in the Warehoufe in which the fame was depofited before Payment of the Duty hereby repealed* an Excife Duty of One Shilling :	.

Provided always, that fuch Duty on any Tobacco or Snuff duly warehoufed fhall not be payable on any fuch Tobacco and Snuff, unlefs and until any fuch Tobacco or Snuff refpeftively fhall, between the Day8 aforefaid, be taken out of any fuch Warehoufe for the purpofe of being ufed or confumed in Great Britain.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Duties hereby impofed fhall be refpeftively railed, levied, collefted, recovered, paid and applied in fuch and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or fpecial Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties refpeftively hereby repealed were or might be railed, levied, collected, recovered, paid and applied; and the faid Perfons, Goods, Wares, Merchandife or Commodities by this Aft refpeftively made liable to the Payment of, or chargeable with the faid Duties impofed, fhall be and the fame are hereby made fubjeft and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftriftions and Forfeitures to which fuch Perfons, Goods, Wares, Merchandife or Commodities were generally or fpecially fubjeft and liable by the faid recited Aft ; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed again 11 or in breach of the (aid recited Aft, or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament thereby continued and in force for fecuring the faid refpeftive Duties hereby repealed, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Di-reftions therein contained, fhall and are hereby direfted and declared to extend to, and fhall be refpeftively applied, praftifed and put in execution for and in refpeft of the faid feveral Duties of Excife refpeftively hereby impofed, in as full and ample manner, to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever, as if all and every the faid Afts, Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft may be altered, amended or repealed by any Aft or Afts to be palled in this Seffioo of Parliament.

CAP.

A.D.1819*

59° GEO. IIL

C.89, 90.

505

CAP. LXXXIX.

• An Aft to continue, until the Tenth Day of Oftober One thou-f?nd eight hundred and twenty four, an Aft made in the Fifty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty, for fufpending a Part of the Duties on Sweets or Made Wines.

[lath July 1819.J

4 YT7HEREAS an Aft was pafled in the Fifty feventh Year of 51 J* ^iti. • W the Rei^n of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad to fuf-4 pendy until the Tenth Day of Oftober One thoufand eight hundred and 4 nineteen, a Part of the Duties on Sweets or Made Wines; and it is 4 expedient that the fame ihould be continuedBe it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by die Authority of the fame, That the faid Aft (hall be continued until the continued;

Tenth Day of Odober One thoufand eight hundred and twenty four.

CAP. XC.

An Aft for the Prevention of Frauds in the Duties-on Soap ; for preferring the Books or Papers called Specimens, left by Officers of Excife on the Premifes of Traders; and for requiring more fpeedy Payment of the Excife Duties on Printed Calicoes.	[12th	July	1819/J

4 TT 7 HE REAS it is expedient to make further Regulations in 4 VV order to prevent the Evafion of the Duties on Soap, and 4 Frauds relating thereto Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from Notice to be and after the Thirty firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred	O®-	'

and nineteen, all and every Maker and Makers of White, Yellow,

Brown or Soft Soap, (hall, before he, fhe or they fhall begin to So«p out oftb* cleanfe or take any fuch Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or Copper, &c.

Veffel by him, her or them ufed for the boiling, or making of fuch Soap, give to the Officer of the Divifton or Place where luch Soap is intended to be cleanfed, Notice in Writing of the particular Time and Hour when fuch Maker of Soap intends to cleanfe or take fuch Soap from or out of fuch Copper, Pan or Veffel, as hereinafter mentioned; (that is to fay), if luch Soap is intended to he cleanfed at any Place within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excife in Tendon, then fuch Notice fhall be fo given Six Hours next before tJbe time of beginning to cleanfe or take fuch Soap from or out of fuch Copper, Pan or Veffel; and if fuch Soap is intended to be cleanfed at aify Place out of the Limits aforefaid, then fuch Notice lhall be fo given Twelve Hours next before the time of beginning to cleanfe or take fuch £oap from or out of fuch Copper, Pan or Veffel; and. if any fuch Maker or Makers of Soap fhall begin to cleanfe as aforefaid any White, Yellow, Brown or Soft Soap, without giving fuch Notice a3 aforefaid, he* fhe or they fhall, for every fuen Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if Penalty iocl;

any

C. 90.

59° GEO. HI.

A.D. 1819.

In what Case Notice void.

Cleansing, &c. without new Notice.

Penalty iool.

47 G. 3. c. 3C. • Seas. 2. § io.

Other Perioda and Regulations specified for cleansing, &c.

Hard Soap,

Six Frames and upwards.

Three Frames 'and leas than

Six.

any fuch Maker or Makers (hall not begin to deanfe and take fuch Soap from and out of the Copper* Pan or Veflel as aforefaid, within the Space of Three Hours next after the particular Time or Hour mentioned in any fuch Notice, then fuch Notice (hall be void and of none Effeft; and every Maker of Soap who, after the Expiration of the faid Space of Three Hours, (hall begin to cleanfe or take any Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or Veflel, without having firft • given a new and other like Notice as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

* II. And Whereas, by an Aft made in the Forty feventh Year 4 of the Reign of His faid prefent Majefty, to amend feveral Laws ‘ of Excife m Great Britain relating to the Duties on Salt, Soap,*

*	Paper, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Spirits and Glafs, and for reftormg 4 Seizures in certain Cafes, it is amongft other things enafted, that

*	every Maker or Makers of Soap, having begun to cleanfe or take

*	his, her or their Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or other

*	Utenfil, by him, her or them ufed for the boiling or making of 4 Soap, (hall within the Space of Four Hours from the time ofnis,

*	her or their having fo begun, cleanfe and take the whole of his, her 4 or their Soap from or out of fuch Copper, Pan or other Utenfil;

‘ and if any Maker or Makers of Soap, having begun to cleanfe or 4 take his, her or their Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or 4 other Utenfil by him, her or them ufed for the boiling or making 4 of Soap, (hall not, within the Space of Four Hours from the time 4 of his, her or their having fo tggun, cleanfe and take the whole of 4 his, her or their Soap from or out of fuch Copper, Pan or other 4 Utenfil, fuch Maker or Makers of Soap fo offending (hall for every 4 fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Fifty Pounds: And 4 Whereas the faid laft mentioned Provifions have not been found 4 fufficient to prevent the Frauds thereby intended to hive been pie-4 vented ;* Be it therefore enafted, That from and after the faid Thirty firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, fo much of the faid laft mentioned Aft as is hereinbefore recited (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed, fave and except as to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto which (hall have been incurred before or on the faid Thirty firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ; and that from and after the faid Thirty firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, all and every Mai :er and Makers of Soap who (hall begin to cleanfe or take any Soap from or out of any Copper, Boiler or Veflel by him, her or them ufed for the boiling or making of Soap, (hall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to cleanfe and,take the whole of the Soap boiled or made in any fuch Copper, Boiler or Veflel from and out of the fame within the times hereinafter rel^eftively men* tioned in that behalf; that is to fay, if any Maker of Hard Soap (hall begin to cleanfe or take any Hard Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or Veflel, and (hall cleanfe or put the fame into Six Frames, or more than Six Frames, and (hall not cleanfe and take the whole of the Soap boiled and made in fuch Copper, Pan or Veflel, from and out of the fame within the Space of Three Hours from the time of his having firft begun to cleanfe or take fuch Soap from or out of fuch Copper, Pan or Veflel; and if any Maker of Hard Soap (hall begin to cleanfe or take any Hard Soap from or out of any Copper, ran or Veflel, and (hall cleanfe or put the fame into

Three

A.D. 181$.

59° GEO. III.

C. 90.

507

Three Frames, or lefs than Six Frames, and (hall not cleanfe and take the whole of the Soap boiled and made in fuch Copper, Pan or VefTel, from and out of the fame within the Space of Two Hours from the time of his having firft begun to cleanfe or take fuch Soap from or out of fuch Copper, Pan or Veffel; and if any Maker of Hard Soap Two Frames (hall begin to cleanfe or take any Hard Soap from or out of any and leas. .Copper, Pan or VefTel, and (hall cleanfe or put the fame into Two Frames, or lefs than Two Frames, and (hall not cleanfe and take the whole of the Soap boiled and made in fuch Copper, Pan or VefTel, from and out of the fame within the Space of One Hour from the time of his having firft begun to cleanfe or take fuch Soap from or but of fuch Copper, Pan or VefTel; and if any Maker of Soft Soap Soft Soap,

(hall begin to cleanfe or take any Soft Soap from or out of any Cop- Twenty Barrelli

per, Pan or VefTel which (hall contain Twenty Barrels, or Five thou- *nd “P™^

land one hundred and twenty Pounds Weight of Soft Soap, or more,

and (hall not cleanfe and take the whole of the Soap boiled and made

in fuch Copper, Pan or Veffel from and out of the fame within the

Space of Three Hours from the time of his having firft begun to

cleanfe or take fuch Soft Soap from or out of fuch Copper, Pan or

Veffel; and that if any Maker of Soft Soap (hall begin to cleanfe

or take any Soft Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or Veffel,

which (hall contain Ten Barrels, or Two thoufand five hundred and Ten Barrels.

fixty Pounds Weight, and lefs than Five thoufand one hundred and

twenty Pounds Weight of Soft Soap, and (hall not cleanfe and take

the whole of the Soap boiled and made in fuch Copper, Pan or

Veffel from and out of the fame within the Space of Two Hours

from the time of his having firft begun to cleanfe or take fuch Soft

Soap from or out of fuch Copper, Pan or Veffel; and that if any

Maker of Soft Soap (hall begin to cleanfe or take any Soft Soap

from or outT of any Copper, Pan or Veffel which (hall contain any

fuch Soft Soap, and lefs than Ten Barrels, or Two thoufand five Los than Ten

hundred and fixty Pounds Weight of Soft Soap, and (hall not cleanie Barrels.

and take the whole of the Soap boiled and made in fuch Copper, Pan

or Veffel from and out of the fame within the Space of One Hour

from the time of his having firft begun to cleanfe or take fuch Soft

Soap from or out of fuch Copper, Pan or Veffel, all and every fuch

Maker and Makers of Soap relpe&ively, (hall for every fuch Oftence, Maker offend-

in each and every fuch Cafe, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Fifty iug,Penalty5oL

Pounds.

III.	And be it further enafted. That from and after the faid Regulations Thirty firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, «to making every Maker of Hard Soap, who (hall make any Yellow or Mottled Soap, (hall, when and fo foon as fuch Yellow or Mottled Soap Mottled jrcfpe&ively (hall have been cleanfed and taken from and out of t-he Copper, Pan or Veffel in which the fame has been boiled and made, add and put into fuch Copper, Pan or Veffel, all the Fob and Skimmings which have been taken out of fuch Copper, Pan or Veffel, and afro Greafe, in the Proportion of at leaft One hundred Weight of Greafe for every Ton of Yellow or Mottled Soap re-fpe^tively which fuch Copper, Pan or Veffel (hall be computed by the Officer to boil and make, and (hall immediately remelt fuen Greafe in fuch Copper, Pan or Veffel in the Prefence of the proper Officer or Officers of Excife; and if any Maker or Makers of Soap (hall make any Yellow or Mottled Soap, and (hall not, within

the

C. 90.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Makers offending. Penalty aool.

Leci fit for Soap not to be manufactured for Sale, or sold, nor Barilla exceeding 28 lbs. be ground for Sale, or abld.

Penalty of iocl. Forfeiture.

10 Ann. c. 19.

ns:

tt G.ue. 30, $37.

the Space of Half an Hour after fucli Yellow or Mottled Soap (hall have been cleanfed and taken from and out of the Copper, Pan or VefTel in which the fame has been boiled or made, add and put into fuch Copper, Pan or Veffel, all the Fob and Skimming* which have been taken out of fuch Copper, Pan or VefTel, and alfo add firefh Greafe in the Propoition aforefaid, or (hall not immediately melt fuch Greafe in fuch Copper, Pan or Veffel, in the Prefence of the proper Officer or Officers of Excife, all and every Maker and Makers of Soap fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the faid Thirty firft Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, no Perfon or Perfons whatsoever (hall make or manufafture for Sale, or fell any Lees, Ley or Lye, fit or proper for the making or manufafture of Soap, or (hall grind or pound for Sale any Barilla, or fell any ground or pounded Barilla exceeding Twenty eight Pound? Weight of. fuch Barilla at any one time ; and if any Penon or Perfons (hall make or manufafture for Sale, or fell any Lees, Ley or Lye, fit or proper for the making or manufacture of Soap, or (hall grind or pound for Sale any Barilla, or fell any ground or pounded Barilla exceeding Twenty eight Pounds Weight of fuch Barilla at any one time, every Perion to offending (hall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and all fuch Lees, Ley and Lye, and ground or pounded Barilla refpeftively, (hall be forfeited, together with all Veffels or Packages containing the fame, and (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

4 V. And Whereas, by a Claufe in an A6t of Parliament paffed

*	in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her late Majefty Queen Anne*

4 among other things, for laying feveral Duties upon all Soap made 4 in Great Britain, or imported into the fame, reciting that it might 4 frequently happen that dale or rotten Soap, and alfo the Cuttings 4 of good Soap (for which the Duties by the faid Aft (hould firft 4 have been duly paid or charged), might be put again into the

*	Copper or Pan to be refrefhed or made new, and the Soap newly

*	made from the fame, or from a Mixture of the fame with other

*	Ingredients, would be chargeable with a new Duty, by the faid

*	Aft, it was therefore provided and enafted, that in cafe luch ftale 4 or rotten Soap or Cuttings be put into the Copper or Pan, in dir 4 Prefence of an Officer for the faid Duties, to be refine (bed or made 4 new as aforefaid, fuch Officer (hould from time to time make an 4 Allowance of the Duty of the^ ftale or rotten Soap or Cuttings fo 4 put in, and certify every fuch Allowance upon his Report to be 4 returned to the Head Officer 5 any thing therein contained to the 4 contrary notwithftanding: And Whereas, by an Aft made in the 4 Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the 4 Firft, among other things, for more efteftual preventing Frauds 4 and Abufes in the Pubhc Revenues, it was enafted, that if any 4 ftale or rotten Soap, or any Cuttings oh Soap, in order to the 4 refrefiling thereof, (hould, from and after the Twenty fourth Day 4 of June One thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, be put into 4 any Making or Makings of Soap, unlefa of the Intention and 4 defigniug fo to be put fuch ftale or rotten Soap,-or Cuttings of 4 Soap, there (hould be or (hould have beep given, to the Officer

4 of

A.D. 1819.	59'	GEO.	IIL	C.90.	5(M|

t * * 4 of the Divifion or Place where fuch putting in was intended ta 4 be, fuch Notice in Writing as thereinafter was mentioned, and that 4 in every fuch Cafe and Cafes whatsoever, where fuch putting in 4 fhould be or fhould have been without fuch Notice, the Omcer

*	fhould not certify fuch putting in, or any Allowance for or in

*	refped thereof, nor fhould the Maker or Makers of Soap, in any 4 fuch Cafe or Cafes, have or be entitled to have any Allowance 4 or Allowances whatfoever for or in refpe& of fuch putting in fuch 4 itale or rotten Soap, or of fuch Cuttings of Soap; and it was 4 further ena&ed, that if, from and after the faid Twenty fourth 4 Day of June One thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, any 4 Omcer or Officers of Excife, or for the faid Duties on Soap, fhould 4 falfely pretend that he or they hath or have had due Notice in 4 Writing of fuch putting in of fuch ftale or rotten Soap, or of 4 fuch Cuttings of Soap, in any Cafe and Cafes where and in which 4 he or they really and in fa& fhould not have had fuch due Notice 4 in Writing, and fhould make fuch Allowance and Allowances as 4 aforefaid, and fhould falfely certify the fame, every fuch Officer 4 and Officers, for every Pound Weight of fuch dale or rotten Soap 4 or Cuttings of Soap fo falfely allowed or certified as aforefaid,

4 fhould forfeit and lofe the Sum of Ten Shillings; and every fuch 4 Maker or Makers of Soap who fhould demand, claim, have or 4 take any Benefit or Advantage for or in refpe& of any fuch 4 Allowance fo falfely made or certified by fuch Officer or Officers,

4 in every fuch Cafe and Cafes fhould forfeit and lofe the Sum of 4 Ten Sniffings for every Pound Weight of fuch ftale or rotten 4 Soap or Cuttings of Soap as fhould he claimed, demanded, had 4 or taken by fuch Maker or Makers of Soap, for and in reft>e&

4 of fuch Allowance fo falfely made or certified for by fuch Officer 4 or Officers: And Whereas the laid laft mentioned recited Pro-4 vifions and Claufes have by a certain A61 of Parliament palled in

4 the Fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty King George $ G-J. c.43.

4 the Third, amongft other things, for the better fecuringana further §

4 Improvement of the Cuftoms, Excife, Inland and Salt Duties, been 4 repealed, fo far only as the fame relates to Hard Soap and the 4 Makers thereof: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the fame 4 altogether i* Be it therefore ena&ed, That from and after the faid Thirty firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, fo much of the faid hereinbefore recited Provifions and Claufes of the faid A&s of the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her faid late 10 Ann. c. a5. Majefty Queen Anne, and of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of $**•

His faid late Majefty King George the Firft, as ftill remains in force, ®‘.x* f*30, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed; fave and except-in all rapwtai Cafes relating to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto, which fhall have been incurred at any time before or on the faid Thirty firft Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed. That from and after the faid In the Re-Thirty firft Day of July, when any Soap exceeding the Quantity of ““"“ISoftp Twenty eight Pounds Weight fhall be removed or carried by Land or by Water, the Word 44 Soap” fhall be painted or marked in Woni “ Soep*' large and legible Letters, of at leaft Two Inches in Length, on to be put on ewery Cheft, Bafket, Box, Calk and Package, wherein fuch Soap the Package^ IHall be contained; and further, that when any Soap exceeding the

Quantity

$10

a 90.

59* GEO. Ilf.

A.D.1819.

Soap removed, Sec, in Package not so marked, forfeited with Package.

Having in Pos-

moving, &c. such Soap. „ Penalty iool.

Melters of Tallow, not being entered Candle Makers, to give Notice to Officer of Melting Places.

Officer to enter and take Account and Samples, Ac.

Mel ter using unentered Houses, &c.

Having Barilla, Ac, not being an entered Soap

Quantity of Twenty eight Pounds Weight (hall be removed or carried in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, by any Perfon not being a known and public or common Carrier of Goods and Merchandise from one Part of Great Britain to another, the Word “ Soap” (hall be painted or marked in large and legible Letters of at leaft Three Inches in Length, on fome confpicuous and uncovered Part of every fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage 5 and all Soap exceeding the Quantity of Twenty eight Pounds Weight, which after the faid Thirty firft Day of July (hall be removed or carried, or removing or carrying, in any * Cheft, Balket, Box, Calk or Package, not having the Word M Soap” painted or marked thereon in large and legible Letters of at lead Two Inches in Length, or which (hall be removed or carried, or removing or carrying, by any Perfon not being a known and public or common Carrier of Goods and Merchandise from one Part of Great Britain to another, in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, not having the Word “ Soap” painted or marked in large and legible Letters of at leaft Three Inches in Length, on fome confpicuous and uncovered Part of fuch Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, (hall be forfeited, together with the Cheft, Balket, Box, Calk or other Package containing the fame, and the Boat or Veffel, Horfe or Horfes, or other Cattle, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage made ufe of in the Removal or Carriage of the fame, and lhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and the Perfon or Perfons in whole Cuftody or Poffeffion fuch Soap lhall be found, or who lhall be or lhall have been employed or concerned in the Removal or Carriage thereof, lhall forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the (aid Thirty firft Day of July, every Melter of Tallow, Fat, Greafe or Kitchen Stuff, not being an entered Maker of Candles, lhall give Notice in Writing at the Office of Excife of every Houfe, Work-houfe, Room and Place made ufe of by him or them for the melting, rendering or keeping of any Tallow, Fat, Greafe or Kitchen Stuff, within tne Compafs or Limits whereof fuch Houfe, Workhoufe, Room or Place refpe&ively lhall be lituate, before he, Ihe or they lhall fo make ufe of any fuch Houfe, Workhoufe, Room or Place ; and it lhall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excife to enter every Houfe, Workhoufe, Room and Place, entered or made ufe of by any Melter or Melters of Tallow, Fat or Greafe, for the melting, rendering or keeping of Tallow, Fat, Greafe and Kitchen Stuff, or any or either of them, and to infpe& and Purvey and take an Account of all Tallow, Fat, Greafe and Kitchen Stuff, and other Materials, in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of any Melter or Melters thereof, and to take any Sample thereof refpedively or of any Part thereof, not exceeding One Pound for each fuch Sample, paying for the fame at the current Value thereof; and if any Melter of Tallow* Fat, Greafe or Kitchen Stuff, lhall make ufe of any Houfe, Workhoufe, Room or Place, for the melting, rendering or keeping of any Tallow, Fat, Greafe or Kitchen Stuff, without having firft made Entry of fuch Houfe, Workhoufe, Room and Place refpe&ively, at the Office of Excife within the Compafs and Limits whereof the fame lhall be fituated 5 or if any fuch Perfon or Perfons, not being an entered Soap Maker or Makers, lhall have in his, her or. their Cuftody or Poffeffion any Barilla, Kelp, Black Alhes or any Leys,

2	Ley

A.D. 1819.	59°	GEO. III.	C.	90.	511

Ley or Lye; or if any fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall at any time Maker,«

obftrud or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife in or from enter-

ing any Houfe, Workhoufe, Room or Place, entered or made ufe of meeTt

by any Melter or Melters of Tallow, Fat, Greafe or Kitchen Stuff,

for the melting, rendering or keeping of any Tallow, Fat, Greafe or

Kitchen Stuff, or in or from infpe&ing, furveying or taking an

Account or Sample aforefaid, of any Tallow, Fat, Greafe or Kitchen

Stuff or other Materials, Barilla, Kelp, Black Allies, Lees, Ley or

Lye, in the Cuftody or Poffeffion of any Melter or Melters thereof,

fuch Melter or Melters and Perfon and Perfons refpe&ively fo

offending, fhall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the

Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and all Barilla, Kelp, Black Allies, Penalty 200!.

Lees, Ley or Lye, found in the Poffeffion of any fuch Perfon or and Barilla, &c.

Perfons, not being an entered Soap Maker or Makers, fhall be for- forfeited.

feited, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of

Excife.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That from and after the faid Soap Makers Thirty firft Day of July, all and every Maker and Makers of Soap to receive fhall, upon demand, receive from the proper Officer of Excife a ^ininT *cler Book or Books, to be prepared with proper printed Forms and tificateatobe Titles for the Purpofes hereinafter mentioned, and to be kept by filled up and every fuch Maker of Soap in feme public and open Part of his, her sent out with or their entered Premifes ; and that from and after the faid Thirty e>Tery firft Day of July, no Soap exceeding Twenty eight Pounds Weight fhall be fold, fent out or delivered by any luch Maker of Soap to ag any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever, without being accompanied by a corresponding Certificate filled up and cut out progreffively from the printed Entry made. Forms of fuch Certificates contained in fuch Book as aforefaid, figned by fuch Maker of Soap felling, fending out or delivering the fame, or feme Perfon or Perfons on his, her or their behalf, certifying the Date thereof, the Quantity, Quality, Sort or Kind of fuch Soap, to whom fold, from whofe Stock delivered, and that the Duty has been jpaid or fecured to be paid thereon 5 and that the Maker of Soap felling, fending out, or delivering any Soap exceeding Twenty eigfc Pounds Weight as aforefaid, (hall at the fame time make a cor-rnpondent Entry thereof, containing the fame Particulars, in fuch Book as aforefaid; and that fuch Book, with fuch Entries fo made Books kept thereon as aforefaid, fhall at all times from the Hour of Six of the °Penl7 00 Clock in the Morning until the Hour of Seven of the Clock in the Evening, lie open and expofed in the entered Premifes of fuch Maker in^|>ectioii of Soap as aforefaid, to the Perufal of any Officer or Officers of Officer Excife, and fhall be delivered and given up by fuch Maker of Soap as aforefaid to any Officer or Officers of Excife, upon demand; and if any Maker of Soap fhall fell, fend out or deliver any Quantity Maker, &c. of Soap exceeding Twenty eight Pounds Weight at any one time, offending, unaccompanied by fuch Certificate as aforefaid, or without making fuch Entry in fuch Book as aforefaid, or fhall convey away or conceal any fuch Book or Books as aforefaid, or cancel, obliterate, deftroy or tear out any Leaf or Leaves therefrom, or Entry or Entries therein, or fhall make any falfe Entry or Entries therein, or fhall oppofe, moleft, obftru& or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife , in infjpe&ing any fuch Book or Books, or any fuch Entry or Entries therein as* aforefaid, or fhall at any time negle& or refute, when required, to deliver or give up to any Officer or Officers fuch-Book

or

Penalty UmIl add Soap forfeited.

Aiding, &c. Penalty aocL

Officers may demand Inspection of Soap on its Removal, with Certificate accompanying it

Refuting or obstructing Officer.

Penalty 100L and Forfeiture of Soap, &c.

Specimens for recording Entries to be left on Premises of Traders or Manufacturers.

Removing them, or defacing Entries, or obstructing Officer from inspecting, &c.

C. 90.

59° GEO. III.

AJX1819.

qt Books as aforefaid, all and every fuch Maker of Soap fo offending ilialk for every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and all Soap exceeding Twenty eight Pounds Weight removing or removed without being accompanied by a true and lawful Certificate, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife, and the Perfon or Perfons removing, carrying or conveying the fame, or who (hall be or (hall have beat employed or concerned, or aiding or affifting therein, or in whole Cuftody the fame (hall be found, (hall forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enaCted, That all and every Perfon and Perfons who (hall at any time be found removing or attending and directing the Removal of any Soap from one Part of Great Britain to any other Part thereof, or (hall have received any Soap fo removed for Dale, (hall, upon the Demand of any Officer or Officers of Excife, produce the fame, and fuch Certificate as aforefaid, to fuch Officer or Officers, to be by him or them examined and infyeCted, and to compare fuch Quantity and Quality of Soap with fuch Certificate accompanying or which accompanied the fame on fuch Removal ; and if any luch Perfon or Perfons (halb refufe or negleCfc, upon fuch Demand, to produce any fuch Soap or Certificate as afbre-faid, or to fuffer and permit fuch InfpeCtion, Examination, and compare as aforefaid, or (hall hinder or obftruCt any Officer or Officers of Excife therein, or in executing any of the Powers of this ACt, every fuch Perfon and Perfons (hall for every fuch Offence feverally forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and in every fuch Cafe all fuch Soap (hall be forfeited, together with the Boat, Veffel, Cart, Waggon and other Carriage, Horfe, Horfes and other Cattle conveying or removing the fame, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be . feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

4 X. And Whereas it is ufual for the Officers of Excife to leave 4 on the Premifes of the Traders and Manufacturers under their 4 Survey, certain Books or Papers commonly called Specimen*, for 4 recording therein the Entries in the Books of fuch Officers of the 4 State of the Manufactory, and the Accounts and Particulars of 4 Survey taken by them from time to time at fuch Traders or Ma-4 nufaCturers: And Whereas fuch PraCtice has been found beneficial 4 to the Revenue, and it is expedient to prevent the Removal, Obli-4 teration or DeftruCtion of fuch Excife SpecimensBe it therefore enaCted, That from and after the paffing of this ACt, it (hall and may be' lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excife to leave and depofit in any Houfe, Workhoufe, Room or Place, entered or made ufe of by any Trader or Traders, Manufacturer or Manufacturers, under or fubjeCt to the Survey of any Officer or Officers of Excife, a certain Book or Paper commonly called a Specimen, and at all times to have free Accefs to fuch Book or Paper as lad aforefaid ; and if any Perfon or Perfons, not being an Excife Officer, (hall remove, convey away or conceal any Book or Paper commonly called a Specimen, or (hall injure, damage or deftroy the fame, or deface or obliterate any Entry or Entries therein, or (hall oppofe, moleft, obftruCt or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excife in or from having free Accefs to, or in or from infpeCting any fuck Book or Paper commonly called a Specimen, or in makng any Entry or Entries therein, or in removing or taking aw^y any luch Book or Paper i

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 90.

513

as laft aforefaid, as'to fuch Officer and Officers refpeftively (hall feem meet, the Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.	,

* XI. And Whereas by an Aft made in the Tenth Year of the 4 Reign of Her late Majefty Queen Anne% for, amongft other things, 4 laying feveral Duties upon Soap and Paper, and upon certain Silks,

Bnaky iccL xo Aim. e. <9.

574.

* Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs, printed, painted or flamed, it was 4 enafted, that all and every Perfon and Perfons who (hall print,

4 paint, (lain or dye a9 aforefaid any Silks, Calicoes, Linens or fuch 4 Stuffs as in the faid Ad mentioned in Great Britain, (hall from time 4 to time, within Six Weeks after he, (he or they (hall make or ought 4 to have made fuch Entry as in the faid Ad mentioned, clear off all 4 the faid Duties which (hall be then due or remain unpaid for all fuch 4 Silks, Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs as (hall have been printed, painted,

4 Stained or.dyed by him, her or them refpedively as. aforefaid, upon 4 pain of forfeiting for every Default therein. Double the Sum of the 4 fame Duties whereof the Payment (hall be fo negleded; and that no 4 fuch Perfon, after fuch Default in Payment made, (hall deliver or 4 carry out, or caufe to be delivered or carried out, any fuch printed,

4 painted, (lained or dyed Goods, until he hath paid and cleared off his 4 Duty, on pain to forfeit Double the Value of the Goods fo delivered 4 or carried out: And Whereas it is expedient that the Duties payable 4 for or in refpeft of printed, darned, painted or dyed Silks, Muffin,

4 Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs, (hall be cleared off and paid bp and at 4 the End of every Six Weeks }* Be it therefore enafted, That fo much of the (aid Aft as is hereinbefore recited, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed 5 and that from and after the Thirty firft Day of repeslsd.

July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, all ana every Perfon Persons pnnt-and Perfons who (hall print, paint, dain or dye any Silks, Muffin, ing* &c* Sil** Calicoes, Linen or Stuns, in Great Britain, (hall by or at the End of f° cle*r *** every Six Weeks clear off and pay all the Duties which (hall during six^eeh** fuch Six Weeks have been charged upon fuch Perfon or Perfons refpeftively, or (hall then remain unpaid, for all fuch Silks, Muffin,

Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs refpeftively as (hall have been printed, painted, (lained or dyed by him, her or them refpeftively, upon pain Penalty, of forfeiting, for every Default therein, Double the Sum of the faid Duties whereof the Payment (hall be fo neglefted; and that no fuch Perfon, after making default of fuch Payment, (hall deliver or carry out, or caufe to be delivered or carried out, any fuch printed, painted,

(lained or dyed Goods, until he has paid and cleared off the whole of fuch Duties, upon pain of forfeiting Double the Value of the Goods Penalty.

(b delivered or carried out.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That all Fines, Penalties and Recovery and Forfeitures hereby impofed, and not otherwife direfted by this Aft,

(hall be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by fuch Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in aiiy of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wefiminfter, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland refpeftively 5 and that One Moiety of every fuch Fine,

Penalty or Forfeiture (hall be to His Majefty, His Heirs and Suc-ceflors, and the other Moiety to him or them who (hall inform, difcover or fue for the fame.

59 Geo. III.	L	1

Delivering without clearing Duties.

XIII. And

514	C.90, 91.	59* GEO. Ilf.	A.D. 1819.

Powers of . XIII. And be it further enafted, That all and erery the Powers, i* C. 2. c. 24. Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things, to Ex- which *n by an Aft made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of •be, extended" His late Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled An AS for to this Act. taking divay tie Courts of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for fettling a Revenue upon His majejiy in lieu thereof; or by any other Law or Laws now in force relating to His Majeffy’s Revenue of Excife, are provided and eftablifhed for managing, railing, levying, cdlefting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted or arty of them, other than in fuch Cales for which other Penalties or Provifions are made and prescribed by this Aft, (hall be praft&d, ufed and put in execution in and for the Purpofes of this Aft, as fully and effeftually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if all and every the faid Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claufes, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enafted in this prefent Aft.

58 O.3. c. 91.

c. 81. sate.

When it shall appear that the Directions of a Court of Equity art) requisite, Commissioners may certify the Particulars to Attorney General, who may apply summarily, or commence a Suit in the Court of Chancery, or Court of Exchequer, &c.

CAP. XCI.

An Aft for giving additional Facilities in Applications to Courts of Equity, regarding the Management of Eftates or Funds belonging to Charities.	[12th	July	1819.3

WftEREAS an Aft was pafTed in the laft Seffion of Parliament, intituled An AS for appointing Commiffioners to enquire concerning Charities in England for toe Education of the Poor; and certain Commiffioners were appointed for the Execution of the faid Aft: And Whereas an Aft hath pafTed in the prefent Seffion of Parliament, intituled An AS to amend an Adt of the lajl Seffion of Parliament for appointing Commiffioners to enquire concerting Chanties in England, for toe Education of the Poor, and to extend toe Powers thereof to other Charities in England and Wales, whereby the Numbers and Powers of the Commiffioners were extended: And Whereas it is expedient that additional Facilities (hould be afforded for Applications to the Courts of Equity regarding the Manage* ment of Eftates or Funds appropriated to Charitable PurpofesBe therefore enafted by The king’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That whenever, upon any Examination or Inveftigation taken or had by and before the Commiffioners appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of the before mentioned Afts, any Cafe mall arife or happen in which it (hall appear to the faid Commiffioners that the Direftions or Orders of a Court of Equity are requifite for the remedying of any Negleft, Breach of Truft, Fraud, Abufe or Mifconduft in the Management of any Truft created for any Charitable Purpofes as aforefaid, or of the Eftates or Funds thereto belonging, or for the regulating the Admmiftration of any fuch Truft, or of the Eftates or Funds thereof, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, or any Five or more of them, if they (hall tiiiwV fit, to certify the Particulars of fuch Cafe in Writing under their Hands to His Majefty’s Attorney General, and thereupon it (hall he lawful for His Majefty’s Attorney General, if he (hafl fo think fit, either by a fummary Application in the Nature of a Petition, or hy

Information.

A.D.1819.

59° GEO- III.

0-91.

515

Information, as the Cafe may require, to apply to or commence a Suit in His Majefty's High Court of Chancery, or to or in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer fitting as a Court of Equity, ftating and fetting forth the NegleA, Breach of Tryft, Fraud, Abufe or Mifcondu A, or other Caule of Complaint or Application, and praying fuch Relief as the Nature of the Cafe may require; and when fuch Petition or Suit is inftituted in the faid Court ot Exchequer, it (hall he lawful for that Court to proceed in the hearing and deciding of the fame, according to the due Courfe of the faid Court; and any Order or Decree of tne fame Court in fuch Proceeding (hall be final and conclufire to all Intents and Purpofea whatfoever, unlefs the Party or Parties who (hall think himfelf or themfelves aggrieved thereby (Hall within One Year after the time when fuch Order or Decree (hall have been made and entered by the proper Officer, prefer an Appeal from fuch Order or Decree to the Houfe of Lords; and when luch Petition or Suit is prefented or commenced in the faid High Court of Chancery, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners for the Cuftody of the Great . Seal, and they are hereby required, to order and direA fuch Petition or Suit to be heard ana determined either before the Mafter of the Rolls' or Vice Chancellor, as to the faid Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners (hall feem meet; and thereupon the Mafter of the Rolls or Vice Chancellor (hall proceed to hear and to rehear, if to him it (hall appear necefTary, and to determine the fame; and all Decrees, Orders and AAs of the Mafter of the Rolls and Vice Chancellor made and done therein, (hall be deemed and taken to be refpeAively Decrees, Orders and AAs of the faid Court of Chancery, and be executed accordingly, fubieA neverthelefs in every Cafe to be reverfed, difcharged or altered by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal for the time being; and no fuch Decree or Order (hall be enrolled, until the fame be figned by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners of the Great Seal for the time being'll. And be it further enaAed, That when any Appeal (hall be made to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners of the Great Seal, from any Order or Decree of the Mafter of the Rolls or Vice Chancellor, made in any Matter aforefaid, the Decree or Order which (hall be made on fuch Appeal by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners of the Great Seal, (hall be final and conclufive, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever; and no Appeal from fuch Decree or Order of the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiffioners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal, to tne Houfe of Lords, (hall be allowed or entertained.

III. And be it further enaAed, That no Petition or Information prefented, filed or profecuted under this A A, nor any Anfwer thereto; nor any Depofitions, Interrogatories, Affidavits or Proceedings, nor any Order or Decree upon the fame, or in relation thereto; nor any Copies of any fuch Petition, Information, Anfwer, Depofitions, Interrogatories, Affidavits, Order or Decree, nor of any other Proceedings whatfoever under this AA, (hall be fubjeA or liable to the Payment of any Stamp Duty whatever.

XV• And be it further enaAed, That if any Perfon fummoned to appear before any Two or more of the faid Commiffioners (hall wilfully omit or refufc to appear before fuch Commiffioners, or to

L 1 2	bring

Limitation of Appeal from Order or Decree therein.

Master of the Rolls or Vice Chancellor may bear such Petition, &c.

No Appeal from Decree of Lord Chancellor, &c. upon Appeal.

Proceedings not subject to Stamp Duty.

Persons refusing to appear before Commh'-sioners, or to produce Deeds,

516

C.91.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

or refuting to answer Questions upon Oath, See. (Exception) liable to be fined by Court of King's Bench or Exchequer.

How Payment , of Fine enforced.

Where Regulations of Charity are in* sufficient for a due Administration of the Funds, Trustees may apply by Petition to Chancery or Exchequer sitting in Equity for Relief.

Limitation cf Appeal.

bring or to produce any Deed, Paper or Writing, Inftrument or other Document, in his, her or their Pofleflion, Cuftody or Power, and which he, {he or they {hall be required by the Precept of fuch Commiflioner8 to produce, relating wholly to the Eftates or Funds which lhall be the Subjeft of Inquiry before fuch Commiflionerg, or to the Receipt or Application, or Nonapplication or Mifapplication thereof, or to the State of the Schools or Charities which (hall be the Subjeft of Inquiry before fuch Commiflioners, or the true Copy of any Part or Parts ofianyDeed, Paper, Writing or other Inftrument, (and which Copy any Two of fuch Commiflioners are hereby empowered to require by fuch Precept,) or {hall refufe to be fworn, or being a Quaker to amrm, or being (worn, or being a Quaker haring affirmed, {hall refufe to anfwer to and before the faid Commiflioners, or any Two of them, or to anfwer fully any lawful Queftion on Oath or Affirmation touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to fuch Eftates or Funds as aforefaid, or to the State of fuch Schools or Charities as aforefaid (except in Cafes excepted by the faid firft recited A A), every fuch Perfon fo refilling to comply with any fuch lawful Reauifitions of the faid Commiflioners, {hall be liable to the Payment of fuch Fine to His Majefty, as the Court of King’s Bench or the Court of the Exchequer, on Application made by or on the behalf of the faid Commiflioners, or any Two of them, or by His Majefty’s Attorney General for the time being, {hall think fit to fet and impofe, which Fine the faid Court of King’s Bench or Court of Exchequer is hereby authorifed and empowered to fet and impofe according to their Difcretion refpeftively, and to enforce Payment of the fame by Attachment or otherwife, in fuch manner as the faid Courts refpeft-ively may do in Cafes of Contempt of the fame Courts.

V. And be it further enafted, That whenever it {hall appear to the Trufteesof any Free School, Hofpitalor other Charitable Inftitution or Donation within the Provifions of this Aft, that the Statutes or Regulations thereof are infufficient for the fecure and due Admi-niftration of the Funds thereto belonging, it {hall be lawful for fuch Numbers of them as are by the faid Statutes or Regulations empowered to do any Aft, by and with the Confent of any Five or more of the faid Commiflioners, to prefent a Petition to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commiflioners of the Great Seal, or to the Court of Exchequer fitting as a Court of Equity, praying fuch Relief as the Nature of the Cafe may require; and the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper and Lords Commiflioners of the Great Seal, and the faid Court of Exchequer, are hereby authorifed and empowered to give fuch Direftions, and to make fuch Order touching the Matter of the faid Application, as to them refpeftively {hall feem fit; which Order {hall be final and conclufive to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, unlefs the Party or Parties who {hall think himfelf or themfelves aggrieved thereby {hall, within Two Years after the time when fuch Order {hall have been made and entered by the proper Officer, prefer an Appeal from fuch Order to the Houfe of Lords, to whom it is hereby enafted and declared that an Appeal (hall lie from fuch Order.

CAP.

A.D. 1819.

59® GEO. III. .

C. 92.

517

CAP. XCII.

An A St to enable Juftices of the Peace in Ireland to a£t as fuch, in certain Cafes, out of the Limits of the Counties in which they a&ually are \ to make Provifion for the Execution of Warrants of Diftrefs granted by them \ and to authorife

*	them to impofe Fines upon Conftables and other Officers

for Negledl of Duty, and on Matters for 111 Ufage of their Apprentices.	[lath	July 1819.]

*	TT7HEREAS the Administration of Juftice in Ireland is fire- "

4 W quently obstructed for want of refident Juftices of the Peace,,

4 and might be much furthered in cafe the Jultices a&ing for Two 4 or more adjoining Counties were enabled to ad for the fame, if 4 perfonally prelent in either of thofe in which they ad, as they

*	are by Law enabled to do in Great Britain:9 Be it therefore enaCted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and. Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority

of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Ad it Shall and Justice of the may be lawful for any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, aCting as fuch 1Pe*fe in Ire~ for any Two or more Counties, being adjoining Counties, in Ireland,, f*r acSSnimr to aCt as a Juftice or Juftices of the Peace in all Matters and Things Counties, pro. whatfoever concerning or. in anywife relating to any or either of the Tided they41* faid Counties; and that all ana every Ad and Ads of fuch Juftice resident in one or Juftices of the Peace, and the Ad and Ads of any Conftable or ofthem* other Officer in obedience thereto, Shall be as valid, good and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purpofea whatfoever, as if fuch Ad or Ads of the faid Juftice or Juftices had been done in the County or Counties to which fuch Ad or ACts more particularly relate; and all Conftables and other Officers of the faid County or Constables, Ac.

- .Counties, to which fuch Ad or Ads relate, are hereby autborifed ob«y wstand required to Obey the Warrants, Orders, Diredions, Ad and Ads of fuch Juftice or Juftices fo granted, given and done, and to do and perform their feveral Offices and Duties, under the Pains and Penalties to which any Conftable or other Officer may be liable for a Negled of Duty: Provided always, that fuch Juftice or Juftices be perfonally refident in One of the laid Counties at the time of doing fuch Ad or Ads: Provided alfo, that the Warrants, Orders or Manner of Diredions, fo to be given and granted, be direded and given in the directing War-firft Inftance to the Conftable or other Officer of the County to which the fame more particularly relate.

II.	And be it further enaded. That from and after the palling of Constables, &c# this Ad, it fhall and may be lawful for any Conftable or. other Peace “”7 Officer in Irelands or for any other Perfon or Perfons apprehending or taking into cuftody any Perfon or Perfons offending againft Law, tices,*and other-and whom they lawfully may and ought to apprehend and take into wise act as if cuftody, by virtue of his or their Office or Offices, or otherwife Justice were howfoever, to convey and take the Perfon or Perfons fo apprehended *e«dent within or taken into cuftody as aforefaid, to any Juftice or Juftices of the C°unty* Peace ading for the faid County, and prefent in fuch adjoining Oounty as aforefaid; and the faid Conftables and other Peace Officers,

.and all and every other Perfon or Perfons, are hereby authorifed, empowered and required in all fuch Cafes fo to ad in all things as if

LIS	the

518-

C. 92.

. 59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Obstructing Constables, &c.

Penalty.

Sheriffs, &c. may convey Offenders through adjoining Counties.

Escaping or aiding Escape.

Penalty.

Justices for Counties at large may act within any adjoining City being a County of itself.

Proviso as to Matters arising within the nsme City#

the faid Juftice or Juftices of the Peace was or were refident within the faid County to which they refpedively belong; and all and every Perfon or Perfons obftru&ing or hindering the faid Conftable* or other Peace Officers in the Execution of their refpedive Offices in the faid County or Counties adjoining at aforefaid, (hall be and are hereby made liable to the fame Pams and Penalties for fuch Ob-ftru&ion and Hindrance of the faid Officers in the Execution of their refpedive Offices, as if the fame had been committed in the County for which the faid Conftables or other Peace Officers were appointed to ad.

III.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the paffing

of this Ad, it (hall and may be lawful for any Sheriff in Ireland* and for any Perfon or Perfons deputed by him, or a&ing under his Authority, and for any Conftable or other Peace Officer in Ireland, or any other Perfon or Perfons lawfully taken into or having in his or their Cuftody refpedively, any Perfon or Perfons offending againft Law, and whom he or they may or might lawfully convey to Gaol, or any Place of fafe Cuftody, to convey or take the faid Perfon or Perfons fo in cuftody as aforefaid, into and through any Part or Parts of the faid County or Counties fo adjoining, in their Way to fuch Gaol or Place of fafe Cuftody within the County wherein fuch Offence was done of committed; and all and every Perfon or Perfons escaping from fuch Cuftody as aforefaid, or aiding or affifting fuch Efcape or Efcapes, or refeumg fuch Perfon or Penons fo in cuftody as aforefaid, (hall be fubjed to the like Pains and Penalties for fuch Efcape or Efcapes, and for fuch Aid and Affiftance fo given as afore* faid, and for fuch Refcue and Refcues, as if the faid Efcape or Efcapes had happened, or fuch Aid and Affiftance had been given, or fuch Refcue or Refcues had been made, in the County wherein fuch Offence was done or committed.	'

IV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the paffing of this 'Aft it (hall and may be lawful for any Juftice or Jufhces of the Peace ft&ing for any County at large in Ireland, to ad as fuch at any Place within any City or Town being a County of itfelf, and (ituate within, furrounded by, or adjoining to any fuch County at large; and that all and every fuch Ad and Ads, Matters and Things done by fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace for the faid County at large, within fuch City or Town, (hall be as valid and effedual in the Law as if the fame had been done within the faid County at large, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever: Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained (hall extend to give Power to the Juftices of the Peace for any County at large, not being Juftices for fuch City or Town, or any Conftable or other Officer ading under them, to ad or intermeddle in any Matters or Tiring* arifing within any fuch City or Town, in any manner whatfoever.

‘ V. And Wnereas it is expedient to give fuch and the like Powers

*	to Juftices of the Peace in Ireland, to impofe Fines upon Conftable*

*	and other Peace and Parifh Officers within their refpedive Jurif-4 didions, for Negled of Duty in their refpedive Offices, or far 4 Difobedience of the Warrants or Orders of fuch Juftices, and adfb 4 to impofe Fines upon Matters of Apprentices for 111 Ufage of their

*	Apprentices, and alfo to make fuch rroviiion for the Execution of 4 Warrants of Diftrefs granted by juftices, as are by Law given and

*	made in Great BritainBe it therefore enaded. That from and

after

4

AJX181&

59° GEO, III

C.92.

519

after the paffing of this Aft it Audi and may be lawful for any Tw6 Justices in.

or more of His Majefty’s Jufticet of the Peace in Ireland* affembled ®P«<;»lor Petty

at any Special or Petty Seffions of the Peace, upon Complaint being

made iroon Oath before them of any Negleft of Duty, or of any

Difobedjence of any lawful Warrant or Order of any Juftice or bles, Ac. for

Juftice* of the Peace, by any Conftable or other Peace or Parifh Neglect of

Officer, or upon Comphunt made to fuch Two or more Jufticea upon Duty» on

Oath by or on the behalf of any Apprentice to any Trade or

Bufinefs whatsoever, whether bound Apprentice by any Parifh or Apprentices

Town (hip or otherwife (provided that not more than the Sum of haring paid

Ten Pounds be paid upon the binding of fuch Apprentice), againft icL or under.

his or her Mafter or Miftrefs of any 111 Ufage of fuch Apprentice

by fuch Mafter or Miftrefs (fuch Conftable or other Officer, Mafter

or Miftrefs having been duly fummoned to appear and anfwer fuch

Charge or Complaint), to lmpofe upon Convi&ion any reasonable

Fine or Fines, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, upon fuch

Conftable or other Officer, Mafter or Miftrefs refpe&ively, as a

Punifoment for fuch Difobedience, Neglect of Duty or IU Ufage,

and by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of

fuch Juftices affembled at any Special or Petty Seffions as aforefaid,

to dwelt fuch Fine or Fines, if not paid, to be levied by Diftrefs Levied by

and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Perfon or Perfons fo Distress.

offending, rendering the Overplus (if any), after deducing the

Amount of fuch Fine or Fines, ana the Cnarges of fuch Diftrefs

and Sale, to fuch Offender or Offenders; and fuch Fine or Fines Application o£

which may be impofed upon any fuch Conftable or other Officer as Fines.

aforefaid, (hall be applied and dilpofcd of for the Relief of the Poor

of the Parifh, Townfoxp or Place where the Offenders (hall refpe&ively

refide, at the Difcretion of the Juftices impofing the fame; and fucn

Fine or Fines which may be impofed upon any fuch Mafter or Miftrefs

(hall, at the Difcretion of the Juftice impofing the fame, be either fo

applied and difpofed of as aforefaid, or be otherwiie paid and applied

to or for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Apprentice, for or towards a

Recompence or Compenfation for the Injury which may have been

by him or her fuftained by reafon of fuch 111 ufage as aforefaid ; and

if any Perfon (hall be aggrieved, by the Impofitioa of fuch Fine or. App**l.

Fines as aforefaid, or by any Order or Warrant of Diftrefs for railing and levying the fame, or by the Judgment or Determination of the faid Juftices, or by any Alt to be done in the Execution of fuch Warrant of Diftrefs, fucn Perfon or Perfons fo aggrieved (hall	*

and may appeal to the next General or Quarter Seffions of the Peace to be held for the County, County of a City or County of a Town,, within which fuch Perfon (hall refide; of which Appeal Ten Days Notice at the Waft (hall be given; and for want of fuch Diftrefs WantofDis-fuch- Perfon or Perfons (hall be committed to the Houfe of Correction' tress, Imprison-for any Space of time not exceeding Ten Days.	mnU

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Perfon Proviso for a£hing under any fuch Warrant of Diftrefs as aforefaid, (hall be Irregularity deemed a Trefpaffer at initio by reafon of any Irregularity or IVoceed-Informality in fuch Warrant, or in any Proceedings thereon ; but any “S* &c* Perfon aggrievedby the iffumg or Execution of Tuch Warrant, may recover the (jpecial Damages thereby by him or her fuftained in an Adion of Trefpafs or on the Cafe, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Ireland’•

LI 4

VII. And

520

5.9° GEO. Ill

A.D. 1819.

C. 92, 93.

In what Cate Distress may be levied in Places out of Jurisdiction of Justice granting Warrant.

How Money arising by DU-i applied.

Justices in-doning Warrants of Distress, not an* swerable for Irregularity in granting them.

4 VII. And Whereas Warrants of Diftrefs granted by Jnftices

•	of the Peace are in many Inftances ineffectual, by reafon of the

•	Goods and Chattels of the Perfons againft whom fuch Warrants

•	are granted, being out of the Jurifdidion of the Juffice granting 4 the fameBe it therefore enaded, That in all Cafes where any Penalty, Forfeiture, Fine or other Money may, by the Warrant of any Juftice or Juftices of the Peace in Ireland, be dire&ed to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Perfon or Perfons, if fufficient Diftrefs cannot be found within the Limits of the Jurifdidion of the Juftice granting fuch Warrant of Diftrefs, on Oath thereof made by One Witnefs, before any Juftice of the Peace of any other County, County of a City or Town, Town Corporate or Place (which Oath fhall be by him certified by Indorfement on fuch Warrant), fuch Penalty, Forfeiture, Fine or other Money, or fo much thereof as may not have been before levied or paid, (hall and may, by virtue of fuch Warrant or Indorfement, be railed and levied by the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Warrant of Diftrefs (hall have been originally direded, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of luch Perfon or Perfons in fuch other County, County of a City or Town, Town Corporate or Place; and the Money anting by fuch Diftrefs and Sale (hall be applied and difpofed of for luch Purpofes and in like Manner as it fufficient Goods and Chattels of fucn Perfon or Perfons had been found within the Jurifdidion of the Magiftrate originally granting fuch Warrant; and if no fuch Diftrefs can be found, fuch Offender or Offenders (hall and may be forthwith proceeded againft according to Law: Provided always, that no Juftice, who (hall indorfe any Certificate upon or authorife the Execution of any fuch Warrant of Diftrefs, which may not have been granted within his Jurifdidion, (hall be anfwerable or accountable for any Irregularity which may have been committed or done in or about the obtaining or granting of fuch Warrant of Diftrefs.

CAP. XCIII.

An AGt to continue for One Tear, and from thence until the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament, an Ad, made in the Fifty fixth Tear of His prefent Majefly's Reign, to make Provifion for fecuring the Profits of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas of His Majefty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland.	[l2th July 1819.3

G.	3. e. ns. 4 \\T HERE AS an Ad was made in the Fifty fixth Tear of the

•	W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to make

•	Provifion for fecuring for a time to be limitedj the Profits of the 4 Office of Clerk of the Pleas of His Majefiy’s Court of Exchequer m 4 Ireland, which was to continue in force for Two Years from the 4 paffing thereof, and from thence until the End of the then next 4 Seffion of Parliament; and it is expedient that the faid Ad fhonld 4 be continued for a further timeBe it therefore enaded by The King's Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That the faid recited Ad (hall be and the fame is hereby continued, and fhall

be

continued.

A.D.181&

5SP GEO. Ill

C. 93, 94

521

be and remain in force from the End of this prefent Seffion of Parliament for One Year, and from thence until the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That die laid recited A€t and Acts amended, this Adi may be amended, altered or repealed by any Adk to be &c.. this Session, palled in this prefent Seffion of Parliament.

CAP.* XCIV.

An Adi to explain and amend Two Adis, pafled in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth and Forty feventh Years of His prefent Majefly, concerning the Difpofuion of certain Real and Perfonal Property of His Majefly, His Heirs and SuccefTors.

[lath July 1819.]

4 TT7HEREAS an Adi pafled in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth 39 ft 40 0.3.

4 W Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefly, intituled An c*

*	AS concerning the Difiojttion of certain Real and Perfonal Pro-

4	Majefly,	Hie Heirs and Succejfors, and alfo of the Real

4 and Perfonal Property of Her Majefly, and of the Queen Confort

4 fir the time being: Ana Whereas an A dl pafled in the Forty 47 G.3. e.14. 4 feventh Year of His prefent Maiefty’s Reign, intituled An AS 4 fir explaining and amending an AS paffed in the Thirty ninth and 4 Fortieth Tear of His prefent Majefly, concerning the Difbojition of 4 certain Real ana Perfonal Property of His Majefly, His Heirs and 4 Succejfors, and alfo of the Real and Perfonal Property of Her 4 Majefly, and of the Queen Confort for the time being: And Whereas 51.

4 it was in the faid la it recited Adi enadled, that in all cafes in 4 which His Majefly, His Heirs and SuccefTors, had or fhould in 4 right of His Crown, or of His Duchy of Lancajler, become entitled 4 to any Freehold or Copyhold Manors, Mefluages, Lands, Tene-4 ments or Hereditaments, either by Efcheat for want of Heirs, or 4 by reafon of any Forfeiture, or by reafon that the fame had been 4 purchafed by or for the Ufe 01 or in truft for any Alien or 4 Aliens, it fhould be lawful for His Majefly, His Heirs and Suc-4 ceffors, by Warrant under his or their Sign Manual, or under 4 the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancajler, according 4 to the Nature of the Title to fuch Manors, Mefluages, Lands,

4 Tenements or Hereditaments refpedlively, to diredl the Execution 4 of any Trufts or Purpofes to which the fame might have been 4 diredted to be applied, and to make Grants of fuch Manors,

4 Mefluages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Rents 4 or Profits then due and in arrear to His Majefly in refpedl thereof,

4 refpedlively, to any Truftee or Truftees or otherwife, for the 4 Execution of any fuch Trufts or Purpofes, or to any Perfon or 4 Perfons for the purpofe of reftoring the fame to any of the Family 4 of the Perfon or Perfons whofe Effates the fame have been, or of 4 carrying into Effedl any intended Grant, Conveyance or Devife of

*	any fuch Perfon or Perfons in relation thereto, or of rewarding any 4 Perfon or Perfons making Difcovery of any fuch Efcheat, or of 4 His Majefty's Right and Title thereto, as to His Majefly, His

*	Heirs or Succeflors refpedlively, fhould feem fit s And Whereas 4 Doubts have arifen in certain Cafes of Grants by His ^Majefly 4 under the faid recited Adis ; and it is expedient that thofe Doubts 4 fhould be removed: And Whereas it is expedient that the Pro-

4 vifion

522

C. 94.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

His Majesty may direct the Execution of Trusts of Lands escheated,

and may grant same to Trustees for that Purpose, or for the other Purposes herein 9ed6ed;

or to a Trustee to sell.

Application of Bents and Purchase Monies.

*	vifion of the (aid recited Aft fhould be enlarged and extended, c for the pnrpofe of enabling His Majefty to make Grants in certain

*	other Cafes Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft £&cd-lent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this ppefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in all Cafes in which His Majefty, His Heirs or Sacceflors, hath or (hall, in right of His Crown, or of His Duchy of Lancajler, become entitled to any Freehold or Copyhold Manors, MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, either by Efcheat for want of Heirs, or by reafon of any Forfeiture, or by reafon that the fame have been or fhall be purchafed by or for the Ufe of or in truft: for any Alien or Aliens, it fhall be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, by Warrant under his or their Sign Manual, or under the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of LancaJUr% according to the Nature of the Title to fuch Manors, MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments refpeftively, to direft the Execution of any Trufts or Purpofes to which the fame may have been direfted to be applied, and to make Grants of fuch Manors, MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Parts thereof, or of any Rents or Profits then due and in arrear to His Majefty in refpeft thereof refpeftively, to any Tmftee or Truftees or otherwife, for the Execution of any fuch Trufts or Purpofes, or to any Perfon or Perfons, for the pnrpofe of reftoring the fame to any of the Family of the Perfon or rerions whofe Eft ate 8 the fame had been, or of carrying into Effeft any intended Grant, Conveyance or Devife of any fuch Perfon or Perfons in relation thereto, or of rewarding any Perfon or Perfons, or his, her or their Family, making difeovery of any fuch Efcheat, or of His Majefty’s Right and Title thereto, as to His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, (hall feem fit, or to make any Grant or Grants of fuch Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Perfon or Per-fonB, or his, her or their Family, making fuch Difcovenr as afbre-faid, or being of the Family or confidered or adopted as Part of the Family of any Alien or Aliens, or to any Perfon or Perfons whofe Eftate or Property the fame Hereditaments have been, or being of the Family or confidered or adopted as Part of the Family of any fuch laft mentioned Perfon or Perfons, and his or their Heirs and Afligns, unconditionally, or in confideration of Money to be paid either at or before the Execution of fuch Grant or Grants, or at any time or times fubfequent thereto, and to fuch Perfon or Perfons as His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, (hall be pleafed to direft, and fuch Money, if not paid at the Execution of fuch Grant or Grants, to be a Charge upon the Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which (hall be fo granted, and to be fecuied by way of Mortgage or Truft, or in any other manner, as His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, (hall think proper or be advifed, and fuch Money to be applied for any of the Purpofes of this Aft 5 or to make any Grant or Grants of fuch Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any of them, unto any Truftee or Truftees, his or their Heirs and Afligns, in truft to be fold in fuch manner as His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, (haD be pleafed to direft; and that it (nail be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, to direft the Rents and Profits of any

fuch

A.D.18J9.

59* GEO. III.

C. 94.

£23

fuch Manors, MefTuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and the Money to arife by any Sale or Sales, or to be produced by any of the Means aforefaid, to be applied in Payment of any Coils, Charges and Expences incident to any Commifiion or Com-miflions for finding the Title of His Majefty, and to the making of any fuch Grant, and for carrying the fame or any Trufts or Provifions thereof into Execution, or in rewarding any Perfon or Perfons, or the Family of any Perfon or Perfons, making a Dif*» covery of any fuch Efcheat, Forfeiture or Purchafe by an Alien, or of His Majefly’s Right and Title thereto, or in difcharging the whole or any Part of any Debt or Debts due from any Alien, or any Perfon or Perfons whofe Eflate or Property any fuch Manors,

MeiTuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments have been, or for the Ufe and Benefit, in whole or in part, of any fuch Alien, or of his or her Family, or any Part thereof, or of any Perfon or Per-, fons adopted or confidered by fuch Alien as Part of his or her Familv, or of any Perfon or Perfons whofe Eflate or Property any fuch Manors, Meffuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments have been, or his or their Family, or any Part thereof, or of any Perfon or Perfons adopted or conudered by fuch Perfon or Perfons as Part of his or her Family, or for all or any of the Purpofes aforefaid, as to His Majefly, His Heirs or Succeffors refpe&ively, (hall feem fit; and all Grants heretofore made by His Majefty, which would, under Former Grants the Provifions of this A&, be good, valid and effe&ual, fhall be and are hereby confirmed, and are hereby declared to be as good, valid con*nne<1, and effe&ual, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame bad been made under the Powers, Provifions and Authorities of this A61, and as if fuch Powers, Provifions and Authorities had been in full force and effe6t at the time of making fuch Grants ; any thing in the laid recited A As, or any other A& heretofore made, to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enafted, That the Purchafer or Purchafers Purchasers not of any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, fold under the awwerahie for Authority of this A61, or any Perfon or Perfons paying any Sum

or Sums of Money under the Authority of the lame, or in pur-fuance of any Grants to be made by virtue thereof, fhall not be bound to fee to the Application or be anfwerable for the Mif-application or Nonapplication of the Monies paid by them re-fpedlively.

III.	Provided always, and be it further ena6led, That ii^ every Surplus paid to Cafe where any Surplus fhall remain of any Monies which may arife Commissioner* from any fuch Sale or Sales, or which fhall be paid under the of hand Authority of this Aft, by any Perfon or Perfons, after Satisfying all

fuch Purpofes as fhall nave been ordered and dire6led by His Majefty, I lis Heirs or SuccefTors, under the Provifions of this A61, fhall be paid to the Commiffioners of the Land Revenue for the time being, to be applied by them in the fame Way and Manner as the Money arifing from the Sale of any Manors, Mefluages,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of or belonging to His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, is by the feveral A6ls now in force for the Management and Improvement of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or any of them, dire&ed to be applied and difpofed of.

C A Pi

524.

C. 95, 96.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Separation Of Towns from Parishes and distinpt Appointment of Overseers lawful.

43 Elis. c. %.

Proviso where Such Separation has commenced within 6o Yearn.

CAP. XCV.

An A£t for confirming ancient Separations of Towns Corporate from Parifhes, in regard to the Maintenance of the Poor.	[i2th July 1819.]

WHEREAS various Towns Corporate or Franchifes fituate within one or more Parifh or Parifhes, and not co-extenfive with the faid Parifh or Parifhes, have heretofore and for a long time paft been feparately affefled from the Parifh or Parifhes'in which they are fituate for the Relief of the Poor, and Overfeers of the Poor for fuch Town or Franchife have been appointed diltind and apart from the Overfeers of the Poor appointed for fuch Parifh or Parifhes.: And Whereas fuch feparate and diftind Afleffments and Appointments of Overfeers have, in many Cafes, been made without fufficient Authority, andyet, by reafon of the long Continuance of the faid Separation, the Towns Corporate or Franchife cannot now be reunited to the Parifh or Parifhes in which they are fituate without manifeft Inconvenience and Hardfliip :* Be it enaded by The King’8 Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this A61 all fuch Separation of Towns Corporate or Franchifes from the Parifh or Parifhes in which they are fituate, together with the feparate and diftind Appointment of Overfeers of the Poor, fhall be deemed and taken to be lawful to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, in the fame manner as if the faid Separation or Divifion had taken place under the Authority of an Ad made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Queen EU%abethy intituled An A& for the Relief of the Poor; Provided always neverthelefs, that nothing in this Ad contained fhall render legal or confirm any Separation of a Town Corporate or Franchife from the Parifh or Parifhes in which fuch Town Corporate or Franchife is fituate, in refped to the Maintenance of the Poor or the Appointment of Overleers of the Poor, in any Cafe where it fhall appear that fuch Separation has commenced within Sixty Years before the palling of this Ad.

CAP. XCVI.

An Ad to facilitate the Trials of Felonies committed on Stage Coaches and Stage Waggons, and other fuch Carriages; and of Felonies committed on the Boundaries of Counties.

[12th July 1819O

•	YYfHEREAS Felonies are frequently committed on Stage

•	VV Coaches, Stage Waggons, Stage Carts, and other fuch

•	Carriages, employed carrying and conveying Goods, Wares and

•	Merchandise, travelling on the feveral Highways in various Parts

•	of the United Kingdom, as well by breaking open the Calks and 1 Packages containing fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandife, as in

•	various other Ways: And Whereas fuch Felonies frequently 4 remain undeteded until the Arrival of fuch Carriages at the Place 4 of their Dellination, and in confequence of fuch Highways leading 4 through feveral Counties, it can feldom be known within what.

4 County

AJX 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.96.

525

*	County fuch Felonies may have been aftually committed, and

*	Offenders frequently efcape unpunifhed from Defeat of Proof that 4 the Felony with which they are charged was aftually committed

*	within the County in which fuch Offenders may be indifted For Remedy thereof, be it enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords

3>iritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament enabled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft, in any Indiftment for any Felony committed on any Stage Coach, Stage Waggon, Stage Cart, or other fuch Carriage whatever, employed or uled in carrying or conveying Goods, Wares and Merchandise, or in which any fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandise (hall be, in or upon any Highway in any Paul of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, it (hall be Sufficient to allege that fuch Felony was committed within any County or City through any Part whereof fuch Stage Coach, Stage Waggon, Stage Cart, or other fuch Carriage (hall nave paffed in the Courfe of the Journey during which fuch Felony fhall have been committed; and in all Cafes where any Highway (hall form the Boundary of any Two Counties, it (hall be fufficient to allege, that fuch Felony committed as aforefaid was committed in either of the faid Counties through which or any Part whereof fuch Stage Coach, Stage Waggon, Stage Cart, or other fuch Carriage fhall have paffed in the Courie of the Journey during which fuch Felony fhall have been committed; and every fuch Felony fhall and may be inquired of, tried and determined in the County or City within which the fame Felony fhall be fo alleged to have been committed; and all and every Perfon and Perfons who fhall be convifted of any fuch Felony fo to be inquired of, tried and determined as aforefaid, fhall be fubjeft and liable to all fuch Pains of Death, and other Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons convifted of fuch Felony would have been fubjeft and. liable to, in cafe fuch Felony had been inquired of, tried and determined in the County in which the fame Felony was aftually committed; any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary in anywife> notwith flan ding.

‘II. And Whereas Felonies are fometimes committed on or fo 4 clofe to the Boundaries of Two or more Counties, that the 4 Offenders efcape unpunifhed from the Defeft of Proof, that the 4 Felony with which they are charged was aftually committed within 4 the County in which fuch Offenders may be indiftedBe it therefore enafted. That from and after the paffing of this Aft, in any Indiftment for any Felony committed on the Boundary or Boundaries of Two or more Counties, or within the Diftance of Five hundred Yards of any fuch Boundary or Boundaries, it fhall be fufficient to allege that fuch Felony was committed in either or any of the faid Counties; and every fuch Felony fhall and may be inquired of, tried and determined in the County within which the fame Felony fhall be To alleged to have been committed; and all. and every Perfon and Perfons who fhall be convifted of any fuch Felony fo to be inquired of, tried and determined as aforefaia, (hall be fubjeft and liable to all fuch Pains of Death, and other Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as fuch Perfon or Perfons fo convifted of fuch Felony would have been fubjeft and liable to, in cafe fuch Felony had been inquired of, tried and determined in the County in

which

Indictments for Felonies committed on Stage Coaches, &c. how to be laid.

Where Felony may be tried.

How Indictments shall be laid for Felonies committed on the Boundaries of Counties;

and where Felony may be tried.

526

C.96, 97.	5&	GEO.	IIL	A.D.	1819.

which the fame Felony was aftually committed | any Law, Statute or Ufage to the contrary in any wife notwith (landing.

CAP. XCV1I.

An Aft to extend the Provifions of an Aft made in the Forty fixth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AB for the more fpeedy Trial of Offences committed in diftant Parts upon the Seas, to the Trial of Offences committed in Africa againft the Laws for abolilhiog the Slave Trade.

[i 2th July 1819.]

46 0.3. * 54.	«	TTTHEREAS by an Aft made in the Forty fixth Year of

4 W His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for the more Jpetdy 4 Trial of Offences committed in diftant Parts upon the Seas, it is enafted

*	that all Treafons, Piracies, Felonies, Robberies, Murders, Con-4 fpiracies and other Offences of what Nature or Kind foever,

4 committed upon the Sea, or in any Haven, River, Creek or Place

*	where the Admirals or Admiral nave Power, Authority or Jurif-4 diftion, may be inquired of, * heard, determined and adjudged

*	according to the Common Courfe of the Laws of this Realm 4 ufed for Offences committed upon the Land within this Realm,

*	and not otherwife, in any of His Majefty’s Iflands, Plantations,

*	Colonies, Dominions, Forts or Faftories, under and by virtue

*	of the King’s Commiffion or Commiffioners under the Great Seal of

*	Great Britain, to be direfted to any fuch Four or more difereet

*	Perfons as the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper

*	or Commiffioners for the Cuflody of the Great Seal of Great 4 Britain for the time being, (hall from time to time think fit to 4 appoint; and that the faid Commiffioners or any Three of them 4 (hall have fuch and the like Powers and Authorities for the Trial 4 of all fuch Murders, Treafons, Piracies, Felonies, Confpiracies and 4 other Offences, within any fuch Iflands, Plantations, Colonies,

4 Dominions, Forts or Faftories, as any Commiffioners appointed or 4 to be appointed according to the Directions of the Statute of 4 the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth,

4 by any Law or Laws now in force, have or would have for the 4 Trial of the faid Offences within this Realm: And Whereas by

5*	3' r 4 an Aft ^nade in the Fifty firft Year of His Majefty’s Reign,

*	4 intituled An A3 for rendering more effeSual an A3 made in the Forty

4 feventb Tear of His Mayeftfs Reign, intituled 4 An A3 for the 4 Abolition of the Slave Tradethe carrying away or removing from 4 any Part of Africa of any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever as a Slave 4 or Slaves, and the wilfully (hipping, embarking, receiving, detain-4 ing or confining on board any Ship, yeffel or Boat, any Perfon or 4 Perfons for the purpofe of his or their being fo carried away or 4 removed, and divers other Offences againthat Aft and other 4 Aft8 for abolifhing the Slave Trade, are declared refpeftively to 4 be Felonies and Mifdemeanors, and the Offenders, their Aiders 4 and Abettors, are refpeftively made liable to fuch Pains, Penalties 4 and Forfeitures, as are therein mentioned and provided \ but the 4 Provifions thereby made for the Trial of fuch Felonies and Mif-4 demeanors, when committed by Britifh Subjefts in Africa, have 4 been found to be inconvenient and ineffeftual: And Whereas by

4 an

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 97, 98.

527

an Ad ihade in the Fifty eighth Year of H» Majefty’s Reign, 58 G.j. c.98.

intituled An Ad to explain and amend an Ad faffed m the Fifty firft

Tear of HU Majefty9j Reign, for rendering more ejffedual an Ad made

in the Forty feventh Year of HU Majefty* s Reign, for the Abolition of

the Slave Trade, tt is enaded, that all Offences declared by the faid

A& of the Fifty firft Year of His Majefty’s Reign to be Felonies

or Mifdemeanors, committed or which (hall be committed on the

4 High Seas, or in any Port, Sea, Creek or Place where the 4 Admiral has Jurifdidion, may be inquired of, tried and determined 4 under and by virtue of any Commimon already iffued, or hereafter 4 to be iffued, according to the Diredions of the faid recited 4 Ad of the Forty fixth Year of His Majefty’s Reign: And 4 Whereas Offences which by the faid recited A61 of the Fifty 4 firft Year of His Majefty’s Reign, are declared to be Felonies or 4 Mifdemeanors, have been or may be committed by Bfvtijh Subjeds 4 in Africa, either on Shore or in Rivers, or other Places where the 4 Admiral has no Jurifdidion, and it may be impolfible in fuch 4 Cafes to bring the Offenders to Juftice under any of the faid recited 4 A618, or any other Laws now in being, without great "incon-4 venience, Expence and Delay Be it therefore enaded by The Offences de-King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and clared by Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the Misdemeanors!* fame. That each and every Offence declared by. the faid A61 of commifedby the Fifty firft Year of His Majefty’s Reign to be a Felony or Mif- any ofHis demeanor, committed or which (hall be committed by any Subje61 Majesty’s Sub-or Subjeds of His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, in Africa, or in any of the Rivers, Ports or Harbours thereof, not being a Jh«

Place where the Admiral has Jurifdi61ion, and not being within of m Admiral,

the Local Jurifdi61ion of any Ordinary Court of a Britifb Colony or &c* may be

Settlement in Africa competent to try fuch Offence, may be inquired tried by C001-

of, tried and determined under and by virtue of any Commiflion

already iffued, or hereafter to be iffued, according to the Dire61ions c J 4	*

of the faid recited A61 of the Forty fixth Year of His Majefty*8

Reign.

CAP. XCVIII.

An A61 to limit the Continuance of the Operation of the feveral A€ts for impofing Fines upon Townlands and Places in Ireland, in refped of Offences relating to the unlawful Diftil-lation of Spirits; and to amend the faid A61s; and to provide for the more effe&ual Prevention or Suppreflion of fuch Offences.	[iath	July	1819.]

4 ^TXTHEREAS it is expedient that the Continuance of the 4 W V Operation of the feveral Ads for impofing Fines upon 4 Townlands and Places in Ireland, in refped of the unlawful Diftil-4 laticm of Spirits, (hould be limited, and that the faid Ada fhould 4 be amendedBe it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That an Ad made in the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An 54 G, 3. c. ijo. to confolidatc and amend the Regulations contained in feveral Ads

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819*

55 G. 3. c. 12, Si.

53 G.3. c. ijx. §«.

36 G. 3. c. 112. S3-

continued n herein men* turned;

and then to

Fines in respect of Heeds or Worms of unlicensed Stills, repealed;

notwithstanding 54 G. 3. c. 150.

The said Act 54 G. 3. c. 15c. and former Acts repealed, as herein mentioned.

Commissioners of Excise and Taxes, ms;y levy Whole or Part of Fines,

C.98.

of Parliament) for impojng and levying of Fines upon Parijhes, Town-lands and other Places, in refpeS of the unlawful Dtflillation of Spirits in Ireland; and alfo fo much of an Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Adi to amendfevera A3s relating to Fines in reJpeB of unlawful Dijlillation in Ireland, to the warehouftng of Spirits, and to the fecuring the Duties of Excife on Sinrits di/lilledy and on Hides and Skins tanned in Ireland, as relates to Fines upon Townlands and Places in Ireland; and alfo fo much of an Aft made in the faid Fifty fifth Year, intituled An Ad to amend the Laws for impojing and levying of Fines in refpeS of unlawful Dijlillation of Spirits in Ireland, as relates to Fines on Townlands and Places in Ireland; and alfo fo much of an Aft made in the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to make certain Provifions for modifying the feveral A3s for impojing and levying of Fines in refpeS of unlawful Dijlillation of Spirits in Ireland, as relates to Fines on Townlands and Places in Ireland, fhall continue in force in the feveral Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, until and upon the lafl Day of the feveral Summer Affixes refpeftrvely, in the Year One thouiand eight hundred and twenty, and no longer; and that from and after the lait Day of the faid Summer Affizes refpeftively, all and every the Claufes and Pro-vifions in the faid recited Afts, relating to Fines on Townlands and Places in Ireland, fhall ceafe and determine, except in Cafes hereinafter provided for, and except fo far as relates to the levying, recovering, applying, mitigating, paying and accounting for fuch Fines as fhall have been impofed under the faid recited Afts, at any time before the End of the faid Summer Affizes; which Fines (hall and may be levied, recovered, applied, mitigated, paid and accounted for, according to the Powers and Direftions of the faid recited Afts, or any of them, but fubjeft to the Provifions of this Aft.

II,	And be it further enafted. That from and after the palling of this Aft it (hall not be lawful for the Court or Judge at any Amzes for any County, or County of a City or Town in Ireland\ or at any Prefenting Term in the County or County of the City of Dublin, to fine any Parifh, Townland, Diftrift, Divifion or Place whatever in Ireland^ in any Sum of Money or Penalty for or in refpeft of any Head or Worm only, or any Head and Worm only of a Still being found in any Parifh, Townland, Manor, Lordfhip or Place whatever, within fuch County, or County of a City or Town, any thing in the faid recited Aft made in the Fifty fourth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, or in any Aft for amending the Laws for impofing and levying of fuch Fines, or in any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, to the contrary notwithftanding ; and that all and every the Provifions in the faid recited Aft of tne Fifty fourth Year afore-faid, and in any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, contained with refpeft to any Information concerning the finding any fuch Head or Worm or Head and Worm of any unucenfed Still, fo far as relates to the impofing or levying of any Fine or Fines on any Parifh, Town-land, Diflnft or Divifion, on fuch Account only, fhall from and after the palling of this Aft be and the fame are hereby repealed.

III.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the palling of this Aft it fhall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, from time to time to direft, that the Whole of any Fines which may at any time before the palling of

this

A.D. 1819.

59" GEO. III.

C. 98.

5£$

this Ad have been impofed on any Parish, Townland or Diftrid, (Exception,} or (other than fuch Fines in refped of Heads or Worms of Stills which	Levy

are by this Ad repealed,) or of any fuch Fines as may hereafter w ’ be impofed on any Townland or Diftrid, in refped of the unlawful Difoliation of Spirits, under the feveral Ads in force in Ireland for the Suppreflion of illicit Diftillation, or that any Part or Proportion only of fuch Fines, may be from time to time levied on the Parifhes,

Townlands or Diftrids on which fuch Fines (except as aforefaid)

ihall have been or fhall be impofed, or that the levying of any fuch

Fines, or any Part thereof, may be fufpended ; and that the levying	•

of fuch Fines, or any Part thereof, or the Sufpenfion of fuch Levy,

(hall take place at fuch times and in fuch manner, and under fuch Rules and Regulations, as the faid Commiilioners of Inland Excife and Taxes fhall think fit to make in that behalf, fubjed to fuch Orders and Diredions as fhall be from time to. time given or made by Subject to the Lord High Treafurer, or the Commiilioners of His Majefty’s Oritn of Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or ^rea8ur^' any Three of them.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That no Fine pr Fines Fines not to be which at any time before the paffing of this Ad fhall have been im- levied after pofed, or which at any time after the paffing of this Ad fhall be

impofed, on any Parifh, Townland, Diftnd or Place, under the faid recited Ad, or any Ad or Ads for the Suppreflion of illicit Three Years Diftillation in Ireland, nor any Part thereof, fhall be levied off any remittdfif fuch Parifh, Townland, Diftrid or Place, at any time after the Expiration of Three Years next after the laft Day of the Affixes or Prefenting Term at which fuch Fines fhall have been or fhall be refpedively impofed, any thing in this Ad, or in any other Ad or Ads in force in Ireland\ to the contrary thereof in anywife notwith-ftanding; but that all fuch Fines, and all and every or any Part thereof which fhall not be levied before the Expiration of fuch Term of Three Years, fhall be and the fame are hereby declared to be remitted, pardoned and releafed, to sill Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

V.	And be it further enaded, That whenever any Perfon or Per-	eoo“

Sons fhall be convided, under any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland at

the time of the paffing of this Ad, of a Mifdemeanor, for the Offence declared MIs-of making ufe of any unlicenfed Still, Still Head or Worm, or for demeanors by di frilling, or for having or keeping in his Poffeffion any fuch Still, former Acta, Still Head or Worm, or for making any Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, or for brewing, making or fermenting any Worts, Wain or Pot Ale, wherewith or with intent to diflil Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, without having a Licence in force purfuant to Law for diftilling; or for the Offence of being found paffing in any Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly having in his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion any Spirituous Liquors diftilled in Ireland, on which all K>uties payable by Law fhall not have been duly paid, or for which, if the Quantity fhall exceed One Gallon, a proper Permit fhall not l>e obtained for the Removal thereof; or for the Offence of being found paffing in any Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly having in his or her Care, Cuftody or Pofleffion, any unlicenfed Still, Stiu Mead, Worm or Appendage of a Still, (except removingfrom or to a Brazier’s, or Maker or Mender of Stills, under a proper Fetmit) j Of for the Offence of having any Malt, ground or unground, dr any 59 Geo. III.	M	m	Corn

A

530

C.98.

59o GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

punished by fine or Imprisonment, in Discretion of the Court;

ictwithstomdmg

\2 O. 3. C. 97.

IS G*3> c. 151.

Proclamation may be made by Lord Lieu-tenant that an extraordinary Establishment of Police for preventing illicit Distill*- * tion is required; and thereupon a Chief Magis-. trate shall be appointed.

Corn or Grain wetted or fteeped to be made into Malt, found in his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion, fuch Perfon not being entitled by Law to have the fame in his, her or their Cuftody or Poffeffion ; or for the Offence of being found paffing in any Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly having in his, her or their Poffeffion any Malt, ground or unground, upon which all Duties payable by Law thereon (hall not have been paid, or for the Removal of wnich a proper Permit (hall not have been granted; or for the Offence of being found paffing in any Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly having in his, her or their Cuftody any Corn or Grain wetted or fteeped, wherewith or with intent to make the fame into Malt; in every Cafe of Conviftion for fuch Offences or any of them, the Court or Judge before whom the Offender (hall be convifted, (hall, in lieu of any Punifhment to which any fuch Offender is fubieft under any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, fentence fuch Offender to pay fucn Fine not lefs than the Sum of Forty Skillings and not exceeding the Sum of On&fhundred Pounds, or to undergo Imprifonment for not lefs than One Calendar Month and not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or to inflift either or both of fuch Punifhments as fuch Court or Judge (hall think proper ; and in cafe fuch Court or Judge (hall fentence any fuch Offender to pay any Fine, fuch Court or Judge (hall alfo fentence fuch Offender, in default of the Payment of fuch Fine, to be imprifoned for any time not lefs than One Calendar Month, and not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unlefs fuch Fine (hall be fooner paid ; any thing in an Aft made in the Fifty fecond Year of His preient Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A& to amend fevered ABs relating to the Revenue of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland ; or in the faid Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to amend the Laws for impofing and levying of Fines in reftcB of unlawful Diftillation of Spirits in Ireland, or in any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland, to the contrary in anywire notwith-ftanding.

VI.	And for the better Prevention and Suppreffion of Offences againft the Laws relating to illicit Diftillation in Ireland; be it enafted. That from and after the paffing of this Aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and'for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by the Advice of the Privy Council oi Ireland, to declare by Proclamation from time to time, when and as often as Occafion (hall require, that any County, or County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland* or any one or more Barony or Baronies, or Half Barony or Half Baronies, m fuch County at large, or any Part or Parts or Diftrift or Diftrift* of any fuch County, or County of a City or County of a Town refpeftively, to be ipecified in fuch Proclamation, is or are in fuch State with refpeft to the Prevalence of Offences againft any Laws for the Suppreffion or Prevention of illicit Diftillation, as to require an extraordinary Eftabli(hment of Police; and thereupon it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to appoint one Chief Magiftrate for the pur-pofes of this Aft, for fuch County, or County of a City or County of a Town, or for any one or more Barony or Baronies, or Half Barony or Baronies, or Part or Parts or Diftrift or Diftrifts, of or in any fuch County, or County of a City or County of a Town,

which

A.D.18I9.

59° GEO. III.

C. 98.

531

which may require fuch Eftabliftiment, To that there (hall not be Pro vise, more than one fuch Chief Magiftrate for any one County, County of a City or County of a Town, and fo that if there (hall be more than one fuch Barony or Half Barony, or more than one fuch feparate and diftinft Part or Diftrift, there may be either one or more fuch Chief Magiftrate or Magi ft rates, not exceeding one for each Barony or Half Barony, or feparate and diftinft Part or Diftrift, as (hall feem beft; and the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, (hall have full Power from time to time to remove any fuch Chief Magiftrate, and upon fuch or any Vacancy or Vacancies, to appoint one or more Chief Magiftrate or Magiftrates, either according to the fame Arrangement, or to any other which the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, (hall think proper to make as aforefaid.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That whenever it (hall or Tiro happen that the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Gover-nors of Ireland, and the Privy Council, (hall by any Proclamation or appointedfor Proclamations declare any Two adjoining Counties, whether One of Two adjoining them be a County of a City or County of a Town or not, or any Counties or Diftrift* fituate in fuch Counties refpeftively, to require an extraor- P*rta l dinary Eftabliftiment of Police under this Aft, for the Prevention or Supprefiion of Offences relating to illicit Diftillation, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor	*

or Governors of Ireland for the time being, in his or their Difcretion, to appoint in manner hereinbefore mentioned, either One or Two Perlons to be Chief Magiftrate or Chief Magiftrates for fuch adjoin* ing Counties or Diftrifts, or in and for each of fuch Counties or Diftrifts refpeftively, as to fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors (half feem moft fitting and expedient; and in cafe only one fuch Chief Magiftrate (hall be appointed for fuch ** but On* adjoining Counties or Diftrifts, it (hall be lawful for die Lord Lieu- J^leuld* tenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, from time ^nt'paLleoc*. to time to appoint in which of fuch Counties fuch Chief Magiftrate Ihall refide.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That every Chief Magiftrate Magistrate be-who (hall be appointed under this Aft, (hall, before he (hall proceed fore actfngtobe to aft in the Execution of this Aft, take the Oath required to be	*	*

taken by Juftices of the Peace in Ireland, before any Juftice of the 06 * Peace oi any County, County of a City or County of a Town, for which or for any Part of which he (hall be appointed Chief Magiitrate as aforefaid, which Oath fuch Juftice of the Peace is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter; and on being fo duly fwom, fuch Chief Magiftrate (hall be, to all Intents and Purpofes, a Juftice of the Peace in and for each County, County of a City or County of a Town, for the Purpofes of this Aft, for which or for any Part of which he (hall be fo appointed, and in and for each and every County, County of a City and County of a Town adjoining to fuen County, County of a City or County of a Town, for which or for any Part of which fuch Magiftrate (hall be fo appointed ; and every fuch Chief Magiftrate appointed under this Aft, (hall be conftantly and to be rare ficlent and prefent in the County, or in one of the Counties for sideut. which he (hall be fo appointed, according to the Direftions of the JLord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland;

Mm2	fave

C. 93.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Salary to Chief Magistrate of jot I. a Year, and a House, &c.

Resident Justices to be aiding the 'Chief Magistrate, and to deliver in Examinations, &c.

■4

Lord Lieutenant to appoint, &c. for Support of Chief Magistrate a Chief Constable, and not more than jo Sub Constables in each District.

Arms, &c. for Constables.

Duty of Chief and Sub Constables.

fave and except when he (hall be authorifed by the Permiffion of fucb Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being, to depart therefrom.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That every fuch Chief Magiftrate, while he (hall hold the faid Office, (hall have and receive a Salary not exceeding Five hundred Pounds Sterling by the Year, and rateably for any letter Period, and (hall have a fuitable Houfe, Furniture and Outhoufes within the County or Place for which he (hall be fo appointed Chief Magiftrate, and in or adjoining to fuch Houfe a fuitable and proper Office for the Difcharge of his Bufinefs, the fame refpeftively to be paid and provided in manner hereinafter mentioned ; and fuch Houfe, Out Offices and Office of Bufinefs to be fuch as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being (hall direft and approve.

X.	And be it further enafted, That each and every Juftice of the Peace refident in the County, County of a City or County of a Town wherein fueh Chief Magiftrate (hall be fo appointed, (hall be aiding and aflifting for the Purpofes of this Aft, in fuch their Capacity of Juftice of the Peace, to fuch Chief Magiftrate; and every fuch Juftice of the Peace (hall, during the Refidence of fuch Chief Magiftrate, deliver or caufe to be delivered to fuch Chief Magiftrate, as fpeedily as the Nature of each Cafe (hall admit, Notices fetting 'forth the Particulars of all and every Examination, Information or Intelligence which he (hall take or receive concerning any Offence againft any Aft or Afts for the fupprefling of illicit Diftillation committed or intended to be committed within the County, County of a City, County of a Town or Diilrift, for which fuch Chief Magiftrate (hall be fo "appointed.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint, for the Aid and Support of every fuch Chief Magiftrate, and to remove, at his or their Pleafurc, fuch and fo many Chief Conftables and Sub Conftables as fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors (hall think proper; provided always, that there (hall not in any Cafe be more than One luch Chief Con liable, nor more than Fifty fuch Sub Conftables, for any one Barony or Half Barony, or for any County of a City, or County of a Town, or for any Diftrift of lefs Extent than any Barony or Half Barony of the County in which any fuch Diftrift may be fituate; and that there may be any fuch letter Number as to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being may feem neceflary and proper from time to time ; and it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, alfo to order fuch Arms and Accoutrements, Saddles and Bridles, to be delivered from His Majefty’s Stores to fuch Chief and Sub Conftables, and alfo to order fuch Horfes for the fame, to be purchafed and provided for fuch Chief and Sub Conftables or any of them, as Oecafion may require, and as fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors (hall think proper; and every fuch Chief Conftabte and all fuch Sub Conftables (hall attend fuch Chief Magiftrate, and fhall obey and execute bis lawful Warrants, Orders ana Command* ' in the Execution of this Aft, and (hall not attend any other Magiftrate or Magiftrates of any fuch County, unlefs by the exprefs Orders of }

fuch. j

A.D. 1819.

5iy> GEO. III.

C 98.

533

fuch Chief Magiftrate; and it (hall be lawful for every fuch Chief Conftable and Sub Conflable, and every fuch Chief Conftable and Sub Conftable are hereby authorifed and empowered to take and ap-- prebend all Offenders againft any Afts in force for the Suppreilion of illicit Diflillation, and to feize, take and carry away or deftroy all Stills and Parts of Stills, Worms, Utenfils for diddling Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines and Singlings, and all Corn, Malt and Spirits liable to Seizure and Forfeiture*under any A61 or A&s for the Supprelfiou Or Prevention of illicit Diflillation, and to do all other lawful Matters and Things for the Prevention and. Suppreilion of illicit Diflillation, and for the Apprehenfion and Punifhment of fuch Offenders, as fhall from time to time be dire&ed and required by fuch Chief Magiftrate.

XII. And be it further enabled. That every Chief Conflable and Sub Conllable who ihall be appointed under this A£l, fhall, before he fhall do any Adi in his faid Office, take and fubferibe the Oath following :

4 J A. B. do fwear. That I will weH and truly ferve our Sovereign

*	Lord the King, in the Office of Conftable, in the County

4 [or Counties, as the cafe may be*] of	for	the

4 Suppreilion and Prevention of Offences relating to illicit DifliL 4 lation, without Favour or Affe&ion, Malice or Evil Will; and that 4 I will well and truly execute, according to Law, all Warrant* 4 and Precepts to me directed from C. D. Chief Magiftrate of the

*	faid County [or Counties, as the cafe may be~\ or from any other

*	Perfon who may be appointed fuch Chief Magiftrate for the faid

*	County [or, for the faid Counties, as the cafe may be~\ in the Place

*	and Stead of the faid C. D. ; and I will well and truly, according

*	to my. Power, Knowledge and Ability, do and execute all other « things belonging to the Office of a Conflable appointed to affilt « fuch Chief Magiftrate, fo long as I fhall continue in the faid < Office.’

And every fuch Oath fhall be adminiftered by and fubferibed in the Prefence of the Chief Magiftrate, under whofe Orders fuch Chief Conftable or Sub Conflable fhall be placed, which Chief Magiftrate is hereby authorifed and required to adminifler and atteft the fame; and thereupon every fuch Chief Conftable and Sub Conftable fhall hare all the Powers of a Conftable, and be to all Intents and Purpofes a Conftable of and in the County, County of a City or Town, and of and in each and every County, if more than one, for which or for any Part of which fuch Chief Conftable or Sub Conftable fhall have been fo appointed, and in and for each and every County, County of a City and County of a Town adjoining to fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, for which or for any Part of which fuch Chief Conftable or Sub Conftable fhall be fo appointed; and every fuch Chief Conftable and Sub Conftable fhall be cdnflantly refident and prefent in the County, or one of the Counties, in or for either of which he fhall be fo appointed, according to the Direction of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, favc and except when he fhall be authorifed, by the Per-miftion of fuch Chief Magiftrate, to depart therefrom.

XIII.	And be it further enabled. That there (hall be paid to cv^ry fuch Chief Conflable a Salary not exceeding One hundred and

Mm3	fifty

Oath of Chief and Sub Con* •table;

to be admTnis-tered by and subscribed in Presence of Chief Magistrate..

Chief and Sub Constables to be resident.

Salary to Chief Constable /50I. and to Sub

C. 98.

59o GEO. III.

A.D.1S19.

Constables 5c 1. a Year*

Chief Magistrate to return Monthly to Lord Lieutenant a State of the County for which he shall be appointed, and of Seizures, Ac.

No Fines in respect of illicit Distillation to be imposed on Townlands where such Magistrates shall be ap-

54 G.3. c.150.

Grand Jury may make and sign Representation to the Lord Lieutenant when any County is iq such a State os to require its being put under Fines, who shall thereupon declare that such Finn

fifty Pounds by the Year, and to every fiich Sub Conftable a Salary not exceeding Fifty Pounds by the Year, and rateably to each and every of the faid Perfons for any leffer Period, in manner hereinafter mentioned 5 and they fhall have fuitable Lodgings provided for them in cafe the fame fhall be thought neceffary, and (hall be directed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That every fuch Chief Magif-trate fhall, once in every Calendar Month, and oftener if neceffary, make a Return in Writing, figned by himfelf, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; and in fuch Return there fhall be fet forth a true and accurate Account of the State of the County, County of a City or Town, Barony, Half Barony, DiftriH or Place for which fuch Chief Magiftrate fhall be fo appointed, with refpeH to the State of illicit Diftillation therein ; and of all Seizures made of any Still or Part of a Still, Worm or other Utenfil for diftiHing, or of any Wafh, Pot Ale, Low Wines dr Singlings, or Malt, Corn or Spirits, and of the Apprehenfion of any Offenders, and of all other Meafures taken by him, or with his Knowledge or Privity, for or towards the Prevention or Suppreffion of illicit Diftillation there, and of the Conduit of the Chief and Sub Conftables under his Orders, and of all other Matters and Things which may contribute to the Prevention or Suppreffion of illicit Diftillation as aforefaid.

XV.	And be it further enaHed, That whenever a Chief Magiftrate of Police fhall be appointed for any County, County of a City or County of a Town, Barony or Half Barony or other DiftriH, under the Authority and for the Purpofes of this AH, no Fine (hall be incurred by or impofed on any Townland or Place within fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, Barony, Half Barony or DiftnH, for or in refpeH of any Offence againft any AH or AHs in force in Ireland for the Suppreffion of illicit Diftillatioo, which fhall be committed in fuch Townland or Place during fuch time as fuch Chief Magiftrate fhall be appointed and aH for the County, County of a City or Town, Barony, Half Barony or other DiftriH within which fuch Townland or Place fhall be fituate ; any thing in the hereinbefore recited AH of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, or in any other AH or AHs in force in Ireland to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XVI.	And be it further enaHed, That it mall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of every County, County of a City and County of a Town in Ireland\ from time to time at any Aflizes or prefenting Term after the palling of this AH, and either before, at or after the Summer Amzes which fhall be in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, or the major Part of fuch Grand Jury, fuch major Part not being lefs than Twelve in Number, upon Confider-ation of the State of fuch County, County of a City or Town, with refpeH to-the Prevalence of illicit Diftillation therein, or in airy Barony, Half Barony or other DiftriH thereof, to make a Reprefent-ation in Writing, figned with their Names, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ that fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, or any Barony, Half Barony or other DiftriH therein to be fpecified in fuch Representation, is in fuch a State as to render it expedient that the Townlaoda

or

A.D.1819.

590 GEO. III.

C.98.

535

or other Places therein fhould be fubjeft and liable to the Impofition of Fines in refpeft of Offences again (I the Laws in force for the Suppreffion or Prevention of illicit Diftillation, for fuch Period as (hall be fpecified in fuch Reprefentation ; and it fhall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, upon fuch Reprefentation, to declare by Proclamation, that from and after any Day to be mentioned in fuch Proclamation, fuch Fines as are impofed and made payable under the Authority of the feveral hereinbefore recited A61s of the Fifty fourth, Fifty fifth, and Fifty fixth Years of His prefent Maiefty’s Reign, fhall be incurred by and impofed and levied on any Townland or Place within fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, Barony, Half Barony or Didrift, as fhall be fpecified in fuch Reprefentation, for or in refpeft of any Offence againft any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland for the Suppreffion of illicit Diftillation which fhall be committed in fuch Town-tand or Place after the Day fo mentioned in fuch Proclamation, and during fuch Period as fliall be mentioned in fuch Proclamation, not exceeding the Period mentioned in fuch Reprefentation; and the feveral Provifions of the faid feveral hereinbefore recited Afts, (except as repealed by this Aft,) fhall thereupon be and remain and continue in force, and be revived and have Efteft againft fuch Townlands aud Places during the Period mentioned in fuch Proclamation ; any thing in this Aft contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwith-ftandmg. ■

XVlI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for any Grand Jury, at any Aflizes or Prefenting Term, in like manner to make a Reprefentation to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, that the State of any County, County of a City or County of a Town, or any Barony or Half Barony thereof, or Diftrift therein, which fhall by fuch Proclamation have been made fubjeft to fuch Fines, is fuch as to render it expedient that the Period fpecified in fuch Proclamation fhould be fhortened, and fhould ceale and determine at any Day to be mentioned in fuch Reprefentation, or that the Diftrift fpecified iri fuch Proclamation fhould be diminifhed, as the Cafe may to fuch Orand Jury appear to require ; and the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland fhall thereupon declare, by Proclamation, that fuch Period fhall ceafe and determine on the Day mentioned in fuch Reprefentation, or that fuch Diftrift fhall be «3nrani{hed according to fuch Reprefentation ; and thereupon all and ewry the Claufes and Provifions in the faid recited Afts of the Pifty fourth, Fifty fifth, and Fifty fixth Years aforefaid, relating to fuch Fines, (hall ceafe and determine, except only fo far as relates the levying, recovering or applying, mitigating, paying and ac-~ all durir

counting for fuch Fines as fhall during fuefi pofed under the faid recited Afts, which Fines fhall and may be le^vied, recovered, applied, mitigated, paid and accounted for accord-ing to the Powers and Direftions of the faid recited Afts, or any or them, and of this Aft.

XVIII. And be it further enafted, That whenever, in confequence of any Reprefentation of any Grand Jury any fuch Proclamation be iffued, whereby any Townland or Place within any County, C^oimty of a City or County of a Town, of within any Barony or

and thereupon the said Acta (Exception) to continue in force.

Representation

may be made in like manner for shortening the time of such Fines.

Lord Lieutenant may thereupon proclaim sudi Fines to cease.

While Town-land, &c. under Imposition of Fines, no Chief Magistrate, &c.

.1

5&v

to be appointed, nor to act under this Act;

•nd if preri-ouslyappointed, the Office in such Case to cease.

Lord Lieutenant may declare by Proclamation when any County is restored to good Order.

After such Proclamations, Magistrates shall cease to act, &c.j

but if any Part require it. Chief Magistrate, &c. to act.

Lord Lieutenant may lessen Number of Sub Constables.

Money to be advanced out of Consolidated Fund for de-

C. 98.	59° GEO. 11L	A.D* 1819.

Half Barony thereof, or Diftrift therein, (hall be fubjeft to the Impoiition of fuch Fines in manner aforefaid, it (hall not be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to appoint any Chief Magiftrate or Chief Conftable or Sub Conftable under the Authority of this Aft, nor for any Chief Magiftrate or Chief Conftable or Sub Conftable to aft or continue to aft within fuch County, County of a City, County of a Town, Barony, Half Barony or Diftrift fo proclaimed, during the time that the Townlands or Places within the fame (hall be fo fubjeft to the Impofition of fuch Fines, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithftanding; and in cafe any Chief Magiftrate, Chief Conitable or Sub Conftable (hall have been previoufly appointed under the Authority of this Aft in fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, Barony or Half Barony, or Diftrift, the Office of all and every Chief Magiftrate, Chief Conftable and Sub Conftable therein, (hall ceafe and determine, and every fuch Chief Magiftrate, Chief Conftable and Sub Conftable refpeftrvely, (hall forthwith ceafe to hold and exercife fuch Office therein.

XIX.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, by the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, to declare bv Proclamation, that any County, County of a City or County ot a Town, or any Barony or Half Barony or Diftrift, in which a Chief Magiftrate and an Eftablifhment of Police (hall be refident and afting for the Purpofes of this Aft, is reftored to good Order, fo as not to require the Continuance of the Eftablifhment of fuch Police; and that fuch Eftablifhment (hall be difeontinued accordingly, from and after any Day to be mentioned in fuch Proclamation.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That whenever any fuch Proclamation for the Difcontinuance of fuch Police Eftablifhment, in either of the Cafes hereinbefore mentioned, (hall extend to the whole County, or to all fuch Part or Parts thereof as had been fubjeft to fuch Eftablifhment of Police, then and from thenceforth the Office of all and every fuch Chief Magiftrate, Chief Conftable and Sub Conftable therein, (hall ceafe and determine, and every fuch Chief Magiftrate, Chief Conftable and Sub Conftable therein, (hall forthwith ceaie to hold and exercife fuch Office refpeftively ; but if any Part or Diftrift (hall remain in a State to require the Continuance of fuch Eftablifhment of Police, then and from thenceforth every fuch Chief Magiftrate, and each and every fuch Chief Conftable and Sub Conftable under the Authority of fuch Chief Magiftrate, (hall continue to aft for fuch Part or Diftrift, unlefs it (hall be otherwife ordered by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being: Provided always, that it (hall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to reduce the Number of Sub Con-ftablea in any fuch proclaimed Diftrift, from time to time, at any time whatever, when and as to him or them (hall feem fitting and expedient.

XXI.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to order fuch Sum or Sums of Money as he or they (hall think proper, to be advanced and paid out of

the

59? GEO. III.

C.<)8.

A.D. 1819*

537

the'Produce of the Confolidated Fund of* the United Kingdom of fraying Salaries Great Britain and Ireland arifing in Ireland, for the Payment of the feveral Salaries and the Proportions thereof, or Allowances herein- nar8es* before dire&ed to be paid and given to the feveral Chief Magif-t rotes, Chief Conftables and Sub Conftables, and of all Rates and Taxes, and of all other Colls and Charges of the Houfes and Appurtenances to be provided for fuch Chief Magiftrate as aforefaid, and foi purchafing and providing any Horfes with their Saddles and Bridles which Occafion may require, or which /hall or may be found necefTary for the feveral Chief Conftables and Sub Conftables, and for all other reafonable and necefTary Cofts, Charges and Expences of the feveral Eftablifhments under this A61, at fuch times and in fuch manner, and in fuch Proportion between Two adjoining Counties under the fame Chief Magiftrate, and under any fuch Rules and Regulations, as fuch Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary, fhall from time to time order and dire61.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That upon the Produ61ion Half of Sum to the Grand Jury at any Affizes or Prefenting Term, for any advanced,out of County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, of the Conaolidiued Certificate of the Chief Secretary for the time being of the Lord jev£a * Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or of offending

his or their Under Secretary for Civil Affairs, of the Amount of County or Money advanced and paid out of the Confolidated Fund, by order Baronies, of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, for Expences incurred in carrying this A61 into Effe6t in any fuch County, County of a City or County of a Town, or in any Part or Parts thereof refpe61ively, according to fuch Proportion as Hull be fpecified in fuch Certificate, it fhall be lawful for fuch Grand Jury and they are hereby required to prefent, to be raifed off fuch County,

County of a City or County of a Town, if the whole thereof fhall have been proclaimed under this A61, or otherwife off the Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or Half Baronies, or Diftri61 or Diftri6U which fhall have been fo proclaimed, and within which this A61 fhall have been carried into Execution, the Amount of One half of the Sum mentioned in fuch Certificate ; and the Amount of fuch Sum Application /hall, when raifed, be paid by the Treafurer of fuch County, County thereof, of a City or County of a Town to the Colle&or of Excife for the l>iflri6fc, to be by him applied in like manner as any other Public Money in his Hands ; and no other Presentment (hall be fiated by the Judge or Court at fuch Affixes, until fuch Prefentment (hail	;

have firft been made by the Grand Jury thereat.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if on any Occafion, or Where Doubts . in any Court of Law or Equity, Civil or Criminal, any Queftion arise on fto-fhall arife concerning any Proclamation under this A&, or the Ap- elamation, Ac. point men t or Qualification of any Chief Magiftrate or other Officer, ^jonto be*U~ common Reputation fhall be deemed, taken and received as fufficient Evidence.. Evidence of every fuch Matter, unlefs by contrary Evidence a reafonable Doubt fhall be raifed as to the Truth of fuch Reputation..

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That when and as foon as Whengood any County, County of a City, County of a Town, Barony, Half Order » re-Barony or Diftrift fhall be declared to be reftored to good Order

as aforefaid, all and every the Arms and Accoutrements,. Saddles T^d>upj»r and Bridles, which fhall have been delivered to fuch Chief Conftables chief and Sub

or Constables, Ac.

538

C. 98,

59® GEO. Ill,

A.D. 1819.

How Constables* Horses in such Case disposed o&

Constables not delivering up Anns, Ac.

Penalty acl. Irish Currency.

or Sub Conftables, and as (hall then be remaining, (hall be forthwith delivered into His Majefty’s Military Stores, to be preserved for future Ufe, or to fuch rerfon or Perions, and at fuch time and Place, and to be kept and difpofed of in other Places for the Pur-pofes of this A61, in fuch manner as the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the time being (hall dired or appoint; and that all Horfes which may have been found neceflary to be provided for the Chief Conftable or Sub Conftable, (hall either be fold at fuch Time and Place as the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the time being (hall dired, and the Produce thereof paid to the Treaftirer of the County, to be applied to the County Charge, or fuch Horfes (hall be difpofed of in fuch other manner, for tne Purpofes of this Ad, as fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors (hall dired.

XXV. And be it further enaded, That if any Perfon who (hall be appointed a Chief Conftable or Sub Conftable under this Ad, (hall not within One Week after he (hall ceafe to hold fuch Office, deliver over any Arms and Accoutrements, Horfe, Saddle or Bridle

a lied to him under this Ad, to his SuccefTor in fuch Office, if there (hall be, and if not, then to fuch Perfon and at fuch Time and Place as (hall be direded by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; every fuch Perfon fo offending (hall, for fuch Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Iri/b Currency, to be recovered by Civil Bill, in the Court of proper Jurifdidion, by any Perfon who (hall fue for the fame.

CAP. XCIX.

An A£l to continue, until the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twenty three, the Reftri&ions on Payments in Cafli by the Bank of Ireland* and to direft the gradual Refumption of Cafh Payments by the faid Bank.

[i2th July 1819.]

37 G.J.c-5«•

(L> ,

42 G* I® ®» 45®

4j G* 3® *®44®

44 G. 3,c*	•

54	G* 3* c®,3°®

55	G.3® fc4i. 36 G. 3® «• 48. 5$ G. 3*

e. 24. ant®*

WHEREAS an Ad was paffed in the Parliament of Ireland* in the Thirty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for confirming and continuing for a limited time* the ReflriSions contained in the Minute of Council of the Second Day if March One thoufand /even hundred and ninety jeven* on Payment! in Cajh by the Bant; and by an Ad made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* in the Forty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, the faid recited Ad of the Parliament of Ireland* of tne Thirty feventh Year aforefaid, was further continued; and by an Ad made in the Forty third Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, the faid recited Ad of the Parliament 01 Ireland* of tne Thirty feventh Year aforefaid, was further continued, and was alfo amended; and by feveral Ads, paffed in the Forty fourth. Fifty fourth, Fifty fifth. Fifty fixth and Fifty-eighth Years of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, the faid recited A6t of the Parliament of Ireland* of tne Thirty feventh Year of His Majefty’s Reign, and the faid recited Ad of the Forty third Year, amending the Tame, have been further continued, and are now in force : And Whereas an Ad was paffed in the prefent Seffion of Parliament, intituled An A3 to refirain* until the End of the prefemt

* Sejfiom

A.D. 1819.

59* GEO. III.

C. 99f

539

*	Seffion of Parliament, the Governor and Company of the Bank of

*	Ireland Vrom making Payments in the Gold Coin of the Realm, under ‘ certain Notices given by them : And Whereas it is expedient that the 1 Reftriftions on Payment in Cafh by the laid Bank fhould be con-‘ tinued beyond the time to which fuch Reftriftions are at prefent

*	limited, and that a definite Period (hould be fixed for the termin-‘ ation of fuch Reftri&ions, and that preparatory Meafures fhould be ‘ taken with a View to facilitate and infure, on the Arrival of that ‘ Period, the Payment of the Promiffory Notes of the Bank of Ire-

*	land in the legal Coin of the Realm Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid hereinbefore recited Aft of the Parliament of Ireland of the Thirty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, as the fame is amended by the faid Aft of the Forty third Year of His prefent MajeftyJs Reign, for continuing and amending the fame, and alfo the faid hereinbefore recited Aft of this prefent Seffion of Parliament, and each and every of the faid Afts, fhall be, and the fame and every of them is and are hereby further continued, and (hall have Continuance until the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twenty three; and that from and after the faid Firft .Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twenty three, the Reftriftions on Payments in Ca(h under the faid feveral Afts fhall finally ceafe and determine.

II.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That at any time on or after the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and before the Firft Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, whenever any Perfon fhall tender to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, any Note or Notes of the faid Governor and Company payable on demand, to an Amount not lefs than the Price or Value of Sixty Ounces of Gold, calculated after the Rate of Four Pounds One Shilling Britifb Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce of Gold, and fhall require fuch Note or Notes to be paid in Standard Gold, the Governor and Company of the faid Bank of Ireland fhall, upon demand, pay and deliver to the Perfon tendering fuch Notes, fuch Quantity of Gold, of the Fineness declared by Law to be the Standard of and for the lawful Gold Coin of the Realm, the fame having been firft aflayed and ftamped at the AfTay Office in Dublin, or at His Majefty’8 Mint in London, as fhall at the faid Rate of Four Pounds One Snilling Britifb Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce of luch Gold, be equal to the Amount of the Notes fo presented for Payment.

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That at any time on or after the Firft Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and before the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, whenever any Perfon fhall tender to th£ Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, any Note or Notes of the faid Governor and Company payable on demand, to an Amount not lefs than the Price or Value of Sixty Ounces of Gold, calculated after the Rate of Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence Briti/b Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce of Gold, and fhall require fuch Note or Notes to be paid in Standard Gold, the Governor and Company of the faid Bank of Ireland

fhall.

37 G. 3. c.51. (I.) as amended by 43 <*• 3-c. 44* and S 9 G. 3. c. 24. continued.

Between April 5,182c, and Nov. I, 1820, Bank to pay in Standard Gold for Notes tendered to an Amount not leas than 60 os. calculated after the Rate of 4I. is. British per os.

Between Nov. r, 1810, and June 1, 1821, such Payments shall be made in Gold after the Rate of

3k 19s. 6d.

British per os«

C.99.

590 GEO. III.

A:D. 1SI9.

Between June 1, 1811, and June 1, 1823, such Payments shall be made in Gold calculated after the Rate of 3I. 17s. icjd. British per ox.

But the Bank between April 5, 182c, and Nov. i, 1820; and between Nov. i, 182c, and June 1, 182X3, may pay at the Kates herein mentioned on giving Three Days' Notice in the Dublin Gazette*

(hall, upon demand, pay and deliver to the Perfon tendering fuch Notes, fuch Quantity of Gold, of the Finenefs declared by Law to be the Standard of and for the lawful Gold Coin of the Realm, the fame having been firft allayed and Ramped at the Aflay Office in Dublin, or at His Majefty’s Mint in London, as (hall at the faid Rate of Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence Briti/h Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce, be equal to the Amount of the Notes fo prefented for Payment.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed. That at any time on or after the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, and before the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twenty three, whenever any Perfon lhall tender to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, any Note or Notes of the faid Governor and Company payable on demand, to an Amount not lefs than the Price or Value of Sixty Ounces of Gold, calculated after the Rate of Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny Britijh Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce of Gold, and (hall require fuch Note or Notes to be paid in Standard Gold, the Governor and Company of the faid Bank of Ireland lhall, upon demand, pay and deliver to the Perfon tendering fuch Notes, fuch Quantity of Gold, of the Finenefs declared by Law to be the Standard of and for the lawful Gold Coin of the Realm, the fame having been firft alTayed and ftamped at the Affay Office in Dublin, or at His Majefty’s Mint in London, as lhall at the faid Rate of Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny Briti/h Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce bf fuch Gold, be equal to the Amount of the Notes fo prefented for payment.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That it lhall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the faid Bank of Ireland, at any time between the faid Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and the faid Firft Day of November One thoufaud eight hundred and twenty, to pay and deliver to any Perfon who lhall pre-fen t Notes of the Governor and Company of the faid Bank, fuch Quantity of Gold of fuch Finenefs as aiorefaid, and alTayed and ftamped as aforefaid, as lhall be equal to the Amount of the Notes fo prefented, at any Rate lefs than Four Pounds One Shilling Britijh Currency, at an Exchange at Par, and not lefs than Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence Britijh Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce of fuch Gold; and in like manner at any time between the Firft Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, and the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, to pay and deliver fuch Gold at any Rate lefs than Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence Briti/h Currency, at an Exchange at Par, and not lets than Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings ana Ten pence Halfpenny Britijh Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce of fuch Gold: Provided always, that the Governor and Company of the faid Bank of Ireland lhall give Three Days Notice in the Dublin Gazette of their Intention to make fuch Payments after fuch Rates, fpecifying the Rates at which fuch Pay ments lhall be made : Provided alfo, that it lhall not be lawful for the Governor and Company of the faid Bank of Ireland, at any time after the making fuch Payments at the Rates mentioned in any fuch Notice, to pay or deliver any’fuch Gold at a Rate higher than the

Rate

.541

A.D. 1819.	59°	GEO.	III.

C.99.

Rate mentioned in any fuch Notice, any thing in this Aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted. That the Governor apd Payments not Company of the Bank of Ireland (hall not be required or compelled to ^^dred to pay or deliver any fuch Gold except in Ingots or Bars of the

Weight of Sixty Ounces each, allayed and itamped as aforefaid, any W thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That the Governor and Bank may Company of the Bank of Ireland, if they (hall fee fit, may at any in U0111 time on or after the Firft Dav of June One thoufand eight hundred

and twenty two, pay or exchange the lawful Coin of the Realm	'

for any Note or Notes of the faid Governor and Company payable on demand; any Proviftons in the faid before recited Afts, or in this Aft, to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted. That it (hall and may be Fractional lawful for the Governor and Company of the faid Bank of Ireland to Sums of leas pay any Fraftion lefs than Forty Shillings of any Sum fo demanded •*? above the Value of Sixty Ounces, in the lawful Silver Coin of the

Realm, or in Tokens of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That the Governor and Company Until June i,

of the Bank of Ireland (hall, from time to time after die palling of Ban1t!° this Aft, and until the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred Sundlin Ir? and twenty three, caufe a true and perfeft Account in Writing to be Weekly taken, and attefted by the proper Officer, of the average Amount Accounts of of all Promiflory Notes and Bills of the faid Governor ana Company Average which (hall be in Circulation during every Week, from Monday till Amount . Saturday both inclufive, did i aguifiling the refpeftive Denominations circulation ^ and Values of the feveral Notes and Bills, and the average Amount	*

of the Notes and Bills of each Denomination and Value refpeftively

fo in Circulation, and to caufe fuch Account to be tranfmitted and delivered to one of the Clerks of His Majefty’s Privy Council in Ire-Iand> on the Tuefday in every Week next enfuing the Saturday to which fuch Account (hall be made up ; and the Governor and Com- *nd also a pany of the faid Bank of Ireland (hall alfo from time to time, in like Quarterly Ac-manner, caufe an Account to be taken and attefted of. the average	d£u

Amount of all Promiflbry Notes and Bills of the faid Governor Dublin GiL and Company which (hall be in Circulation during every Quarter of sette. a Year ending on the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of OSober, the Fifth Day of January, and the Fifth Day of Abril, in every Year, after the paffing of this Aft, and until the faid Firft.Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twenty three, diftinguifliing the refpeftive Denominations and Values of the feveral Notes and Bills of each Denomination and Value refpeftively, and to caufe fuch Quarterly Account to be publiftied in the Dublin Gazette, within One Wees next after the End of each Quarter refpeftively.

CAP.

C. 100.

5& GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

CAP. C.

An Aft to amend an Aft of the Fiftieth Tear of the Reign of His prcfent Majefty, relating toPrifons in Ireland.

[12th July 1819.]

50 O.3. c. 103. * TT7HEREAS by an Aft made in the Fiftieth Year of His % W prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled An Aft for repealing the 4 feveral Law relating to Prifons in Ireland, and for re-enafting fuch 4 of the Provifions thereof as have been found ttftful, with Amendments, $ 47-	4 it is amongft other things enafted, that it (hall and may be lawful

4 for each and every Grand Jury in Irelandy and they are thereby 4 required, at any Affizes or Prefenting Term, to appoint a proper 4 and difcreet Perfon, being duly ordained in Holy Orders, and of 4 the Eftabliihed Church, to be Chaplain of the feveral Gaols, Bride-4 wells, Houfes of Correftion, or other Prifons, of and in their re-4 fpeftive Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns ; and 4 that it (hall and may be lawful for every fuch Grand Jury, if they 4 fhali be fo required by the Court, alfo to appoint a proper and 4 difcreet Perfon, being a Proteftant Diffenting Minifter, to be Pro-4 teftant Diffenting Chaplain thereof; and 5fo if they fhali be fo 4 required by the Court to appoint a „ Prieft or Clergyman of the 4 Roman Catholic Church, to be Roman Catholic Chaplain: And 4 Whereas it may happen that Grand Juries may omit to make 4 effeftual Appointments under the Direftions of the faid recited 4 Aft; and it is expedient to provide for the Appointment of fuch 4 Chaplains, in cafe of any fuch Omiffion by any Grand Jury ;* Be it therefore enafted by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Au-In default of thority of the fame, That if at any time after the pailing of this Appointment of Aft any Grand Jury at any Affizes or Prefenting Term, after having Chaplains by been required by the Court or Judge at any fuch Aflizes or Pre, Term to appoint a proper rerfon to be Chaplain, or Pro-do not ac£ Lord teftant Diffenting Chaplain, or Roman Catholic Chaplain, to any 'Lieutenant to Gaol, Bridewell, Houle of Correftion, or other Prifon in their reappoint them, fpeftive Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns, purfuant to the Direftions of the faid recited Aft, (hall omit to make an effeftual Appointment or Appointments of fuch Chaplain or Chaplains refpeftively, before the laft Day of fuch Affizes or Prefenting Term; or in cafe any Chaplain nominated and appointed by fuch Grand Jury (hall not, within One Calendar Month next after fuch Nomination, aftually take upon him to exercife and perform, or fhali not continue duly and regularly to exercife and perform the Duty to and for which he fhali be fo appointed by fuch Grand Jury; then and in every fuch Cafe it fhali and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint a proper and difcreet Perfon, being either a Minifter of the Eftablifhed Church, or a Proteftant DifTcnt-ing Minifter, or a Prieft or Clergyman of the Roman Catholic Church, as the cafe fhali require, to fill the Office or Offices of fuch Chaplain, or Proteftant Diffenting Chaplain, or Roman CathoUc Chaplain, to fuch Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correftion or other Prifon or Prifons; and that all and every fuch Chaplain and Chap-—	Lins,

A.D.I8J9.

59*<3EO. III.1

C. 100,101.

543

lain*, fo appointed by fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, (hall hold and exercife the Office or Offices of Chaplain, or Proteftant Diffenting Chaplain, or Roman Catholic Chaplain, or any or either of them, as fully and effedually in all refpeds and to all Intents and Purpofes, and with all the fame Rights, _ Powers, Privileges and Advantages, and fubje& to the fame Controul and Liability of Removal, as if fuch Chaplain or Chaplains refpedively had been appointed to fuch Office or Offices by the Grand Jury, according to the Diredion of the faid recited Ad, and (hall be entitled to fuch Salaries, to be prefented by Grand Juries, to fuch Amount and in fuch manner as is direded by the faid recited Ad ; any thing in the faid recited Ad or any other Ad or Ads, or any Law, Ulage, or Cuftoxn, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. CL

An A£l to enlarge the Powers of an Ad pafled in the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, relative to the Transportation of Offenders, to continue until the Firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one.

[i 2th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by feveral Ads of Parliament pafled in the Twenty fourth, Fifty fifth and Fifty fixth Years of His * prefent Majefty’s Reign, His Majefty hath been empowered, by 4 and with the Advice of His Privy Council to declare and appoint 4 Places and Parts beyond the Seas to which Felons and other Of-4 fenders convided before certain Courts in England and Wales, and 4 adjudged to be tranfported beyond the Seas, (hall be transported: 4 And Whereas by the faid Ad of the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid, 4 intituled An AH to amend feveral Laws relative to the Tranfbortation 4 of Offenders, to continue in force until the Firft Day of May urn thou-4 fond eight hundred and twenty one, certain Provifions are now in 4 force tor regulating the Mode of contrading for the Tranfportation 4 of fuch Offenders, and for tranfporting them, and for their tem-4 porary Confinement on board of Ships and Veffels in Rivers, or 4 within the Limits of any Port or Harbour in England or Wales, 4 and for the Treatment of fuch Offenders, and for their Punifhment 4 in cafe of their being found at large, without lawful Caufe, before 4 the Expiration of the Term for which they (hall have been ordered 4 to be tranfported: And Whereas by the Laws in force in 4 fome Parts of His Majefty’s Dominions beyond England and 4 Wales, Offenders convided of certain Offences are liable to be 4 punifhed by Tranfportation beyond the Seas, and other Convids 4 adjudged to fuffer Death in fuch Parts of His Majefty’s Do-4 minions have received or may receive His Majefty’s moft gracious 4 Pardon upon Condition of Tranfportation beyond the Seas, and ' 4 there may be no Means of tranfporting fuch Convids to any of 4 the Places appointed by His Majefty m Council in that Behalf, 4 without firft bringing them to England: And Whereas fuch Con-4 vids do not fall within the Provifions of the faid recited Ad of 4 the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid ; and it is fit that further Provifion 4 in refped thereto (hould be made ;’ Be it therefore enaded by THe King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice

2nd

Such Appointment effectual as H made by Grand Jury.

55 G.3. c.aj.

56.

iH

Convicts adjudged, by Courts out of England, to Transportation, and Convicts pardoned on Condition of T ransportation, may, when brought to England, until Transportation be imprisoned on board of Ships, &c.

Secretary of State may appoint Contractor for Transportation.

Not to extend to Convictions in Scotland and Ireland,

Continuance of Act

C. 101,102.	# GEO. III.	A.D.	1S1§.

and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and'Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, -That' whenever any Convift adjudged to Tranfportation by any Court or Judge in any Part of His Majefty’s Dominions beyond England and Wales, or any Convift adjudged to fuffer Death by any fuch Court or Judge, and pardoned on Condition of Tranf-portation, have been or (hall be brought to England in order to be f tranfported, it (hall and may be lawful to irtiprifon any fuch Offender in any Place of Confinement on board any Ship or Ypflel provided under the Authority of the (aid. laft recited Aft; until liich Convift (hall be tranfported, or by the Expiration of the Term of hi9 Tranfportation,or otherwife, (hall be entitled to his Liberty; and that One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State (hall appoint fome Perfon to contraft for the Tranfportation of fuch Convift, which Perfon (hall contraft accordingly, in like manner as Juftices of the Peace are direfted in and by the faid laft recited Aft to contraft for the Tranfportation of Offenders convifted within their refpeftive Jurifdiftions ; and that fo foon as every fuch Convift (hall be imprifoned on board any fuch Ship or Veffel, all the Provifions, Rules, Regulations, Claufes, Authorities, Powers, Penalties, Matters and Things contained in the faid recited Aft of the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid, concerning the fafe Cuftody, Confinement, Treatment and « Tranfportation of any Offender convifted in England or Wales, and concerning the Puniftiment of any fuch Offender being found at large before the Expiration of the Term of his Tranfportation, (hall extend and be conftrued to extend to every Convift who may have been or may be hereafter adjudged to Transportation by any Court or • Judge in any Part of His Majeity’s Dominions beyond England and Wales, and to every Convift adjudged by any fuch Court or Judge to fuffer Death, and pardoned on condition of Tranfportation, and brought to England in order to be tranfported, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes as if fuch Convift had been convifted and fentenced at any Sefiion of Gaol Delivery holden for any County within England.

II.	And be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend or be con (trued to extend to any Conviftion before any Court or Judge of thofe Parts of the United Kingdom called Scotland and Ireland.

III.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft (hall continue and be in force until the Firlt Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, and no longer.

CAP. CII.

An Aft for further regulating the Appointment of Game-keepers in tVales.	[I2th July	1819.]

WHEREAS there are now feveral Diltrifts and Lands, within the Principality of Wales, which arc not known to be 4 comprehended within the Boundaries of any Manors, Lord (hips or 4 Royalties; and there are alfo feveral other Diftrifts and Lands 4 within the Principality, which formerly belonged to or formed Part 1 or Parts of fuch Manors, Lordfhips or Royalties, but which have been ‘ alienated therefrom or enfranchifed by the Lord or Lords for the 4 time being of fuch Manors, Lordfhips or Royalties, and many of fuch a	4	Diftrifts

a.d. ism

59* GEO. III.

C.iot.

&<5

*	Diftri&a and Lands are very ex ten five: And Whereas the Owner or

*	Owners of fuch Diftri&s and Lands cannot, nor can any other Per-

*	Ton. or Perfons appoint any Gamekeeper or other Servant to kill

*	Game on fuch Lands for the Ufe of the Owner or Owners thereof,

*	without fubjeding (uch Gamekeeper or other Servant to the Penalties impofed by divers A&s of Parlianient made for the Pre-4 fervation of the Game; which Regulations and Enactments have

•	* tended greatly to the Encouragement of Poachers and other idle

*	and diforderly Perfons, to deftroy the Game within fuch Diftri&s 4 of the faid Principality i^For Remedy whereof, it is expedient that it be enaCted: May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enaCted ; and be it enaCted by The King's Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent or the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,,in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and

by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Firft Day of Persons pos-Augujl next, it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every Per- »ewhag<eruin fons and Perfon, being feifed in Fee or as of Freehold, or otherwife beneficially entitled in his, her or their own Right, of and in any keepers. Lands fituate and being within the faid Principality, of the full and clear annual Rent of Five hundred Pounds, and not being within the Bounds of any Manor, Lordfhip or Royalty, or being within the

•	PrecinCfc or Bounds of any Manor, Lordfhip or Royalty, (hall have been or (hall be enfiranchifed or alienated therefrom $ or to appoint by any Writing or Writings under his, her or their Hand or Hands, a Gamekeeper to preferve, or to courfe, hunt, (hoot at or kill Game, for the Ufe of the Perfon or Perfons who (hall make fuch

•	Appointment, in, over and upon fuch his, her or their Lands, and in, over and upon the Lands of every other Perfon or Perfons who (hall, by Licence in Writing under his, her or their Hand or Hands, authorife him, her or them to appoint a Gamekeeper or Gamekeepers, or other Servant or Servants, to preferve, courfe, hunt, (hoot at or kill Game in, over and upon the Lands of the Perfon or Perfons not being within the Bounds of any Manor, Lonhhip or Royalty, fo granting fuch Licence.

II.	And be it further enaCted, That every fuch Gamekeeper Gamekeepers having fuch Appointment as aforefaid, during the Continuance of fuch Appointment (nail not be made fubjeCfc or Sable to any Penalties im- ^ poled by any former Statutes of this Realm, for having any Game in his or their Cuftody or Pofleffion, or for courting, hunting, (hooting at or killing Game, on or upon any Lands mentioned m ms or their Appointment or Appointments, and whereon the Perfon or Perfons making fuch Appointment or Appointments has or have any Power,

Licence or Authority to make or grant any Appointment or Appointments by virtue of this A €t: Provided always, that nothing No Power to herein contained (hall extend or give, or be conftrued to extend or give, any Power or Authority to any Perfon or Perfons to make or grant any fuch Appointment or Appointments, Licence or Li-eences, to courfe, hunt, (hoot at or kill Game in, over or upon his, onfrsadiiaed, her or their Lands, fituate or being within the Precind or Boundary &e. without of any Manor, Lordfiup or Royalty, unlefs fuch Lands (hall have Lictalceof been enfranchifed or alienated therefrom, without the Licence orCon-fent in Writing of the Proprietor or Proprietors of fuch Manor, Lordfhip or Royalty, having the Right to purfue and kill Game in, upon or over fucn Lands, firft had ana obtained | and where in any exifong 5$ Gao. III.	N n	Leafir

Owner of

546

G.102*

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

9 Ann*, c. 15.

f *•

Lords, Ac. of •zteDsire Manors and Stewards of the Crown may appoint Game* keepers for Districts.

Penons granting Appointments may annul same, and grant others in Hen thereof,

Proviso respect ing. Persons killing Game, without Cer-

am! the Crown.

Leafe or Demife, or Agreement for demifing any. Lands, the Lefior or LefTon, Landlord or Landlords thereof, oath or have not referved the Right or Power of hunting, (hooting or fporting, when no fuch Appointment or Appointments, Licence or Licences, (hall be valid, fo as to authorife any fuch Gamekeeper or Gamekeepers, Servant or Servants, to enter upon any fuch Lands, to preferve, courfe, hunt, (hoot at or kill Game thereon, without the Confent in Writing of the Perfon or Perfons in the a&ual Poffeflion of fuch Lands firft had and obtained.

* III. And Whereas the Manors, Lordfhips and Royalties, within 4 the faid Principality, are in many Inftancea extremely extendve,

4 and comprehend very large Tra&s of Country: And Whereas by * an A& pafled in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne*

4 intituled An A8 for making the A8 of the Fifth Tear of Her Majefifs 1 Reign, for the better Preservation of the Game, perpetual, ana for 4 making the fame more effectual, it is among other things enacted, that 4 only One Gamekeeper (hall be appointed to kill Game within any 4 One Manor: And Whereas fuen Reftri&ion hath, on account of 4 the Extent of the faid Manors, Lordfhips and Royalties, been found 4 extremely inconvenient, and tended greatly to the Deftru&ion of the 4 Game within the faid PrincipalityBe it ena&ed by the Authority aforefaid, That the Lords and Ladies of fuch Manors, Lordfhips and Royalties, and the Stewards of the Crown for fuch Manors, Lordfhips and Royalties as appertain to His Majefty within the faid Principality, (hall be, and they are hereby authorifed refpe&ively to nominate and appoint Gamekeepers for fuch Diftridts and Divifions of their refpe&ive Manors, Lordihips and Royalties, as they (hall think fit; and that each and every Gamekeeper fo appointed, (hall have the like Powers, Privileges and Authorities within fuch Diftridt or Divifion as any Gamekeeper appointed for the whole of a Manor hath or would have by virtue of any Adfc now |n force: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall be confirmed to .authorife the Appointment of more than One Gamekeeper > for the fame Diftrict or Divifion, and that all Appointments under this Adi (hall be regifiered with the Clerk of tne Peace in like manner, and be fubjedt to all other Regulations which are ena&ed with refpedfc to the Appointment of Gamekeepers of Manors by any A& now in force.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every Perfons and Perfon, who (hall or may grant or make any Appointment or Appointments, Licence or Licences, by virtue of this A&, to revoke, annul or render void all and every fuch Confent, Appointments and Appointment, Licences and Licence, and to grant or make other Confent or Confents, Appointments or Licences in lieu thereof, as often as to him, her or them, (hall feem proper.

V.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be confirued to extend the Prote&ion of this A&, to any Perfon or Perfons killing Game without a Certificate taken out or purchased, according to the Provifions of the A& now in force refpedting Game Certificates, or in. any manner to affedt the Rights of nis Majefty or His Succeffors, or 01 any other Perfon or Perfons, in, to or over any Manor, Lord(hip or Royalty, within the faid Principality.

CAP.

S9# GEO. III.

C.10S.

5* 7

CAP. CUT.

An A ft to repeal fo much of Two Afts as require certain Accounts to be laid before Parliament; and to amend an A£t of the Twenty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, relative to laying an Account before Parliament. [ 12th July 18(9.]

•	YTTHEREAS by an Aft patted in the Tenth and Eleventh zoScxiW.3.

4 W Years of the Keign of His Majefty King William the Third, e. 6. 5 4.

4 intituled An AS to enlarge the Trade to Ruflia, it is enafted, that 4 the Commiffioners of His Majefty*s Cuftoms fhall at every Seflion 4 of Parliament lay before both Houfes a true Account in Wiriting 4 under their Hands, of what Naval Stores (hall have been imported 4 into this Kingdom by any Perfons trading to Ruffia : And Whereas 4 by another Aft palled in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the 11 & it W. 3.

4 Reign of His faid Majefty King William the Third, intituled An * *°- §'*•

4 AS for the more effeSual employing the Poor, by encouraging the Manu-4 faSuree of this Kingdom, the Commillioners of His Majefty’s Cuf-4 toms are empowered and enjoined to lay before the Parliament,

4 within the Firft Week of every Seflions thereof, a true Account 4 containing the Particulars of all Wrought Silks, Bengals and 4 Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba, of the Manufacture of Perjia,

4 China or Eaft India, and all Calicoes painted, dyed, printed or 4 ftained there, which have been brought into and carried out of the 4 Warehoufes approved of by them : And Whereas it no longer ap-4 pears neceflary, that the faid Accounts mentioned in the afore-4 recited Afts fhould be laid before ParliamentBe it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That fo much of the afore-recited Afts as requires the faid Accounts to be laid before the Parliament, fhall be and the fame repealed, are hereby repealed.

4 II. And Whereas by another Aft pafled in the Twenty fixth 16 G.3. e.41.

4 Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for the I

*	further Support and Encouragement of the Fijhertes carried on in the rePe*^e” •

4 Greenland Seas, and Davis’s Straights; it is enafted, that the

4 Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms for England and Scotland 4 refpeftively, fhall at the beginning of every Seflion of Parliament,

4 lay before both Houfes of Parliament an Account in Writing under 4 their Hands, of what Number of Ships or VefTels have been employed 4 in the Whale Fifhery to Davie's Streights and the Greenland Seas9 4 with their refpeftive Names and Burthens, from whence they were 4 fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were difeharged,

4 and alfo what Quantity of Oil or Blubber or Whale Fins each Ship 4 or Veffel fhall have imported : And Whereas it has been ufual in 4 other In fiances for the proper Officers who prepare fuch Accounts,	N

4 to lav the fiune before botn Houfes of ParliamentBe it further enafted. That fo much of the faid recited Aft as requires the faid and Account Account to be laid before Parliament by the Commimoners of His of Vessels to be Majefty’s Cuftoms for England and Scotland refpeftively, fhall be presentedby and the lame is hereby repealed 5 and that the faid Account fhall in ^Sd of* future be prefented by the proper Officer who prepares the fame CommWoasfi. agreeably to the Direftions contained in the faid jecited Aft.

N n 2	CAP.

548

C. 104.

59* GEO. Ill

A.D.181*.

5» G.3. c. 54.

53	G. 3. c.109,

54	G.3. c.97. 56 G. 3. c. i. 58 G. 3. c. 21. further continued till July 5, 182c.

CAP. CIV.

An Aft to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, certain Laws of Excife, with regard to Crown Glafs and Flint and Phial Glafs; and to alter certain Laws with regard to Flint Glafs.

[12th July 1819.3

•	TT7HEREAS it is expedient that the Laws hereinafter men -

*	YV tioned fhould be further continued and amendedBe it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Au-

49 G. 3. c.63. thority of the fame, That fo much of an Aft of Parliament made as continued by in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for 51 G. 3. c.69. repealing the Duties on the Materials ufed in making Spread Window Glafs and Crown Glafs, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Colleftion of the faid Duties, as was by certain Afts made in the Fifty firft, Fifty fecond. Fifty third, and Fifty fourth Years of the Reign aforefaid continued to the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, and by Two other Afts made m the Fifty fixth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign aforefaid revived and further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, (hall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and fhall be, remain and continue in force from the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.

II.	And be it further enafted, That an Aft of Parliament made continued by in the Fifty firft Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for repeal-

thesaid Acts, ingthe Duty on the Materials ufed in making Flint and Phial Glafs, and for granting, until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and twelve, other Duties in lieu thereof 5 and for continuing and amending an Aft pafled in the Forty ninth Year of His Mm-jefty’s Reign, for repealing the Duties on the Materials ufed in making Spread Window Glafs and Crown Glafs, and for other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Colleftion of”the i Duties; which was by certain Afts made in the Fifty fecond. Fifty third, and Fifty fourth Years of the Reign aforefaid, continued until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and fifteen, and by Two other Afts made in the Fifty fixth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign aforefaid revived and further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, fhall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and (hall be, remain and continue in force from the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.

III.	And be it further enafted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glafs and Phial Glafs (hall, and he, me smd they is and are hereby required, at his, her and their own Expfence, to md and provide and make lawful Entry of proper and fufficient'Boxes or Veffels, for the pfttpofe of containing all the Cheft Metal and Wafte Glafs and Shimmings produced on each Weekly Making of Flint Glafs and Phial Gkf«> and fhall from time to time, asthe tee

is

51 G. 3. c. 69.

farther continued till July 5, z8io.

Makers of Flint or Phial Glass to provide Boxes or Vessels, and put therein all the Chest Metal and Wasta

C. 104.

it produced on fuch Weekly Making, forthwith put and place in fuch Boxes or VefTels all the Cheft Metal and Wafte Glafs and Skimmings of each particular Weekly Making of Flint Glafs and Phial Glafs, and keep and continue tne fame m the particular Box or Vefiel, Boxes or VefTels, in which the fame (hall be fo put and placed, except when taken out daily for the purpofe of being picked and forted, in which Cafe the fame fhall be fo taken out in the Prefence of and weighed by the proper Officer of Excife, and fhall be kept feparate and apart from all other Glafs of any other Weekly Making until the fame it weighed, taken account of, and reweighed as provided by Law for and in refpeft of manufactured Flint Glafs; and when and fo foon as each fuch Weekly Making of Glafs (hall be finifhed, (hall produce the fame to be weighed ana taken account of by the proper Officer, and reweighed by the Supervifor of Excife, as provided by Law for and in relpeCt of manufactured Flint Glafs, and fhall reflux the fame and every Part thereof in the next, or next but one, fuc-ceeding Charge of his or their Pot or Pots for making Flint or Phial Glafs ; and if any Maker or Makers of Flint. Glafs or Phial Glafs fhall negleCt or omit to find or provide proper and fufficient Boxes or VefTels for the purpofe in that behalf aforefaid, or to put or place as aforefaid in One or more of fuch Boxes or VefTels all the Cheft Metal and Wafte Glafs Skimmings of each particular Weekly Making of Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs, or to keep or continue the fame and every Part thereof in fuch Box or Vefiel, Boxes or Veflels, in which the fame fhall be put and placed as aforefaid, as and when the fame are produced in the Manufa&ure of the Glafs of fuch Weekly Making, except as aforefaid, until the fame fhall be weighed and taken account of by the proper Officer, and reweighed by the Supervifor of Excife, as provided by Law for and in refpeCt of manufactured Flint Glafs; or fhall negleCt or omit, when and fo foon as any Weekly Making of Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs is finifhed, to produce the fame, together with the Metal laded out at the End of every fuch Weekly Making of fuch Glafs, to the proper Officer, to be fo weighed and taken account of, and reweighed by the Supervifor as aforefaid; or fhall mix, put or place any other Cheft Metal, or Broken or Wafte Glafs, or Skiipmings or other thing, with the Cheft Metal or Wafte Glafs and Skimmings of any particular Weekly Making of fuch Glafs $ or fhall produce to the Officer to be weighed ana taken account of, or to the Supervifor to be reweighed as aforefaid, any other Cheft Metal, or Broken or Wafte Glafs, or other thing, except fuch Skimmings and Laded Metal as aforefaid, with the Cheft Metal or Wafte Glafs and Skimming* and Laded Metal of that particular Weekly Making of Glafs; or mail produce to be weighed or reweighed as aforefaid any Cheft Metal or Wafte Glafs or Skimmings or Laded Metal which has before been weighed and taken account of, or reweighed as aforefaid ; or fhall convey away or conceal or not reflux fuch Cheft Metal or Wafte Glafs, Skimmings or Laded Metal, or any Part thereof, at fuch time and in fuch manner as aforefaid, all fuch Cheft Metal, Broken or Wafte Glafs, and Skimmings, Laded Metal, and other thing fhall be forfeited, 'fend fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife ; and all and every Maker and Makers of Glafs fo offending fhall, for each and every fuch Offence, feverally forfeit and tofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

Nn 8

549

Glass abd

Skimmings of each Weekly Making; and so keep the same, except when taken out to be picked in the Presence of the Officer, who shall take an Account of every Weekly Making, &c.'

Maker offending as herein mentioned.

Penalty aocl.

IV. And

550

C. 104.

59* GEO. III.

A.D. 15191

If in weighing Vemels of Flint or Phial Gian of Weekly Making, and Cheat Metal, Ac. Weight produced shall not amount to 9fc Parts of too Parts of gross Quantity of Metal put into Pot, Deficiency charged with Duty.

Proviso.

Makers to keep sufficient Scales and Weights for Officers taking Account, and assist them in weighing Metal.

Maker neglect-ing, &c.

or hindering Officer, Ac. Penalty loci.

Using false Weights, Ac.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed,That whenever any Officer or Officer* of Excife (hall weigh the Veffels, Articles and Utenfils of Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs of any particular Weekly Making, he and they (hall alfo weigh the Chefl Metal and Wafte Glafs and Skimming* of that Weekly Making, and alfo the Metal laded out at the End thereof ; and if the Weight of the Articles, Veffels and Utenfils of Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs of any particular Weekly Making of Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs refpe&ively, together with the Weight of the Cheft Metal and Wafte Glafs, Skimmmgs and Laded Metal aforefaid, of the fame Weekly Making, fo produced and weighed, or reweighed as aforefaid, (hall not amount to Ninety eight Parts of every hundred Parts of the grofs Quantity of all the Metal, Materials and Preparations which (hall have been in the Pot or Pots made ufe of in that Weekly Making, according to the beft and higheft Gauge which (hall or may have been taken of the Fluxed Metal thereof by any Officer or Officers of Excife, the Maker or Makers of fuch Glafs (hall be deemed and taken to have made and manufactured Articles of Flint Glafs and Phial Glafs of equal Weight to the Weight of fuch Deficiency below Ninety eight hundred Farts_ of the grofs Quantity of fuch Fluxed Metal as laft aforefaid, and (hall be charged with and pay Duty for the fame as if fuch laft mentioned Articles bad been produced to and weighed by the proper Officer of Excife : Provided always, that no fuch Deficiency (hall of itfelf, and without any Proof of the fraudulent Removal or Concealment of any Part of the Glafs of any Weekly Making of Glafs, fubieCfc any fuch Maker as aforefaid to any Penalty for having fraudulently removed or concealed the Glafs fo deficient.

V.	And be it further ena&ed. That all and every Maker or' Makers of Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs (hall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to keep fufficient and juft Scales and Weights at the Place or Places where he, (he or they (hall make or manufacture any Flint Glafs or Phial Glafs, and (hall at his, her or their own Expence find, provide and affix fit and proper Hooks or Staples, and alfo permit and fuffer any Officer or Officers of Excife to ufe the fame for the purpofe of weighing and taking an Account of and reweighing the Cheft Metal, Broken and Wafte Glafs, which (hall at any time be in the Poffeffion of fuch Maker and Makers* and (hall at all times (when requefted by the Officer fo to do) by himfelf or themfelves, or by a fufficient Number of his, her or their Servants, give all needful and neceffary Help and Affiftance to any Officer or Officers of Excife in weighing and taking a juft and true Account of or reweighing fuch Cheft Metal, Broken or Wafte Glafs ; and if any fuch Maker or Makers (hall negleCt to keep fuch Scales and Weights, or either of them, or (hall not at his, her or their own Expence, find, provide and affix, in manner aforefaid, fuch fit and proper Hooks or Staples as aforefaid, or (hall not permit or fuffer any Officer or Officers of Excife to ufe the fame, or (hall at any time refufe or neglect to give fuch Help and Affiftance as aforefaid, every fuch Maker or Makers of Glafs (hall, for each and every fuch Offence, forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; and if any Maker or Makers of Glafs, or his or their Servants, (hall in the weighing or re weighing of any Cheft Metal or Wafte Glafs, make ufe of, or caufe or procure or fuffer to be made ufe of, any falfe, unjuft or inefficient Scales, Weight or Weights, or (hall pra&ife any

5	Art,

A.D-. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.104.

551

Art, Dcricc or Contrivance by which any Officer or Officers of Excife (hall or may be hindered in or prevented from taking and afcer-taining the juft and true Weight of any fuch Cheft Metal, Broken-or Wafte Glafs, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Maker or Makers (hall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, with all fuch falfe, unjuft or infufficient Scales and Weight or Weights refpe&ively, and the fame (hall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Excife.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further ena£ted, That no fuch Maker as aforefaid (hall be compelled to reflux or incur any Penalty for not refluxing any Cheft Metal, Skimmings or Broken or Wafte Glafs that (hau be mixed with and conftitute Part of the weighed and reweighed Cheft Metal, Skimmings or Broken or Wafte Glafs of any Weekly Making of Glafs as aforefaid, and which fuch Maker or his Foreman or principal Servant (hall (hew and declare to the Supervifor, at the time of tne reweighing of the Cheft Metal, Skimmings, Broken or Wafte Glafs of fuch Weekly Making o£ Glafs, to be Refufe Glafs, and unlit for immediate Manufa&ure, and (hall afterwards pick and feparate from the Reft of the Cheft Metal, Skimmings, Broken or Wafte Glafs of fuck Weekly Making of. Glafs; and that no fuch Maker as aforefaid (hall be compelled to reflux or incur any Penalty for not refluxing any Coloured or Stained Glafs fo reweighed as aforefaid, until his or her next Making, or next Making but one, of the like Coloured or Stained Glafs ; and that no fuch Maker as aforefaid (hall be fubje& or liable to pay Duty for. any Deficiency of Glafs produced, weighed and reweigned, as the Produce of any Weekly Making of Glafs as aforefaid, which has arifen and been occasioned by the unavoidable Lofs of the Metal through the fudden cracking or breaking of any Pot at the time the fame ia charged with and contained fuch Metal, and which (hall be fatis-fa&orily (hewn and proved to the Officer at the time the fame (hall fo happen; and that no fuch Maker as aforefaid (hall incur any Penalty by reafon of his or her not refluxing at the time aforefaid any Metal laded out of the Pot into Water, provided fuch Metal (hall be weighed and reweighed feparate, and be lodged in and kept in fome Room or Place feparate and apart from all other Broken or Wafte Glafs, and under the immediate Survey and Infpe&ion of the Officer of Excife, until all fuch Laded Metal (hall be, under Notice in Writing delivered to the proper Officer, and in his Prefence, put into the rot to be refluxed as aforefaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it further enaaed, That this A& (hall continue in force until the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and twenty..

Penalty ycd.

No Penalty for not refluxing Chest Metal, &c. declared to Supervisor to be Refuse Glass; or for not refluxing Coloured or Stained Glass till next Making, or the. next but one following.

No Doty (hr Deficiency of Glass occasioned by unavoidable Loss of MetaL

No Penalty for not refluxing Metal laded out of the Pot, if kept separate* fisc.

Continuance of Act.

N n A

CAP.

542

C.100.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

CAP. C.

50 O.5. c. 103.

*47-

An Aft to amend an Aft of the Fiftieth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, relating toPrifons in Ireland.

[ I2th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Aft made in the Fiftieth Year of His prefent Majefty *8 Reign, intituled An AS for repealing the 4 Jeveral Law relating to Prifons in Ireland, and for re-cna8ing fuch * of the Provifions thereof as have been found nfefult with Amendments, 4 it is amongft other things enafted, that it (hall and may be lawful • for each and every Grand Jury in Ireland, and they are thereby 4 required, at any AffizeB or Prefen ting Term, to appoint a proper 4 and difereet Perfon, being duly ordained in Holy Orders, and of 4 the Eftabliftied Church, to be Chaplain of the feveral Gaols, Bride-4 wells, Houfes of Correftion, or other Prifons, of and in their re-4 fpeftive Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns ; and

4 that it (hall and may be lawful for every fuch Grand Jury, if they 4 (hall be fo required by the Court, al(o to appoint a proper and 4 difereet Perfon, being a Proteftant Diffenting Minifter, to be Pro-4 teftant Diffenting Chaplain thereof; and 5fo if they (hall be fo 4 required by the Court to appoint a, Pried or Clergyman of the 4 Roman Catholic Church, to be Roman Catholic Chaplain: And 4 Whereas it may happen that Grand Juries may omit to make 4 effeftual Appointments under the Direftions of the faid recited 4 Aft; and it is expedient to provide for the Appointment of fuch 4 Chaplains, in cafe of any fuch Omiffion by any Grand Jury :9 Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Au-In default of thority of the fame. That if at any time after the pafling of this Appointment of Aft any Grand Jury at any Affizes or Prefenting Term, after having Chaplains by been required by the Court or Judge at any luch Affizes or Pre-c^i^Chs \m’	Term	to	appoint	a	proper	Perfon	to be Chaplain, or Pro-

do not act, Lord teftant Diffenting Chaplain, or Roman Catholic Chaplain, to any Lieutenant to Gaol, Bridewell, Houle of Correftion, or other Prifon in their reappoint them, fpeftive Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns, purfuant to the Direftions of the faid recited Aft, (hall omit to make an effeftual Appointment or Appointments of fuch Chaplain or Chaplains refpefttvely, before the lad Day of fuch Affizes or Prefenting Term; or in cafe any Chaplain nominated and appointed by fuch Grand Jury (hall not, within One Calendar Month next after fuch Nomination, aftually take upon him to exercife and perform, or (hall not continue duly and regularly to exercife and perform the Duty to and for which he (hall be fo appointed by fuch Grand Jury; then and in every fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint a proper and difereet Perfon, being either a Minifter of the Eftabliftied Church, or a Proteftant Diffenting Minifter, or a Prieft or Clergyman of the Roman Catholic Church, as the cafe (hall require, to fill the Office or Offices of fuch Chaplain, or Proteftant Diffenting Chaplain, or Roman Catholic Chaplain, to fuch Gaol, Bridewell, Houfe of Correftion or other Prifon or Prifons; and that all and every fuch Chaplain and Chaplains,

A.D. 1819.

59* <3EO. Ill

5*3

C. 100,101.

lain®, fo appointed by filch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Go* vemor or Governors, (hall hold and exercife the Office or Offices of Chaplain, or Proteftant Difienting Chaplain, or Roman Catholic Chaplain, or any or either of them, as fully and effedually in all refpe&s and to all Intents and Purpofes, and with all the fame Rights, Powers, Privileges and Advantages, and fubjed. to the fame Controul and Liability of Removal, as if fuch Chaplain or Chaplains refpeftively had been appointed to fuch Office or Offices by the Grand Jury, according to the Diredion of the faid recited Ad, and fhall be entitled to fuch Salaries, to be prefented by Grand Juries, to fuch Amount and in fuch manner as is direded by the faid recited Ad ; any thing in the fiud recited Ad or any other Ad or Ads, or any Law, Ufagc;or Cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAR CL

An Ad to enlarge the Powers of an Ad pafled in the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, relative to the Tranf-portation of Offenders, to continue until the Firft Day of May One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one.

[i2th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by feveral Ads of Parliament paffed in the Twenty fourth, Fifty fifth and Fifty fixth Years of His * prefent Majefty’s Reign, His Majefty hath been empowered, by 4 and with the Advice of His Privy Council to declare and appoint 4 Places and Parts beyond the Seas to which Felons and other Of-4 fenders convided before certain Courts in England and Wales, and 4 adjudged to be tranfported beyond the Seas, fhall be tranfported 2 4 And Whereas by the faid Ad of the Fifty fixth Year atorefaid, 4 intituled Jin A& to amendfeveral Laws relative to the Tranfportation 4 of Offenders, to continue in force until the Firft Day of May One thou-4 Jand eight hundred and twenty one, certain Provifions are now in 4 force for regulating the Mode of contrading for the Tranfportation 4 of fuch Offenders, and for transporting them, and for their tem-4 porary Confinement on board of Ships and Veffels in Rivers, or 4 within the Limits of any Port or Harbour in England or Wales, 4 and for the Treatment of fuch Offenders, and for their Punifhment 4 in cafe of their being found at large, without lawful Caufe, before 4 the Expiration of the Term for which they fhall have been ordered 4 to be tranfported : And Whereas by the Laws in force in 4 fome Parts of His Maiefty’s Dominions beyond England and 4 Wales, Offenders convided of certain Offences are liable to be 4 punifhed by Tranfportation beyond the Seas, and other Convids 4 adjudged to fuffer Death in luch Parts of His Majefty’s Do-4 minions have received or may receive His Majefty’s moft gracious 4 Pardon upon Condition of Tranfportation beyond the Seas, and ' 4 there may be no Means of tran (porting fuch Convids to any of 4 the Places appointed by His Majefty m Council in that Behalf, * without firft bringing them to England; And Whereas fuch Con-4 vids do not fall within the Provifions of the faid recited Ad of 4 the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid ; and it is fit that further Provifion 4 in 'refped thereto fhould be made Be it therefore enaded by The lung’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice

and

Such Appointment effectual as if made by Grand Jury.

56 G.3. c. 17.

J6.

C. 105,106.

89° GEO. Ill

A.D.1819.

Leather or Glass employed In Construction of Carriages brought into G. B. or Ireland for private Use.

Charges made

for Duties by this Act repealed, discharged.

eight hundred and nineteen, no countervailing Duty {hall be paid or payable in Great Britain or Ireland refpe&ively, for or in refped of the Leather a&ually worked up and employed in the Conitru&ion of and compofing a Part of any fuch Coach, Landau, Chariot, Lan-daulet, Chaife or other Wheel Carriage as aforefaid, or for or in refpedt of the Glafs a&ually worked up and employed in the Coa-flru&ion of and compofing a Part of any fuch Coach, Landau, Chariot, Landaulet, Chaife or other Wheel Carriage which (hall be fo brought into Great Britain or Ireland refpe&ively, by any Perfon or Perfons as aforefaid ; any thing in any otljer A& or Ads of Parliament to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Commifitoners of Excife in England and Scotland, and Commiffioners of Cuftoms in Ireland refpe&ively, or any Three or more of them refpe&ively, are hereby authorifed and empowered to caufe any Sum or Sums of Money which (hall have been charged as fuch Duty or Duties for or in refpedt whereof the Duties by this A61 repealed, and which (hall not before the palling of this Aa have been aftually colle&ed, received or paid, to be difcharged from and out of the Books and other Do-J cuments containing any Entry or Entries of or relating to any fuch Charge or Sum or Sums of Money.

55	3-	«•	*9*

§4-

Sched. A.

CAP. CVI.

An AGt to amend the feveral A£ls for fecuring the Payment of the Duties of Excife upon certain Licences, and regulating the ifluing of fuch Licences; and for fecuring the Duties upon Spirits diftilled by licenfed Diftttlers in Ireland.

[i2th July 1819.]

WHEREAS in and by an A6t made in the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An Aft to grant 4 certain Duties of Excife upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and 4 other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Perfons dealing in Ex-4 cifeable Commodities, in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable 4 upon fuch Licences ; and to fecure the Payment of fuch Excife Dutiesf 4 and to regulate the iffuing of fuch Licences; and to difcourage the 4 immoderate Ufe of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, and by the Sche-* dule thereto annexed, a Duty or Sum of Twenty two Pounds 1 Britijh Currency, together with the Sum of One Shilling in the ‘ Pound on the Amount of fuch Duty, is granted and impofcd * upon any Licence to any Perfon to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, ‘ Beer, Porter, Ale, Cider or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, * in any Place within the Towns following 7among others) ; that is ‘ to fay, Athloney Cadlebar, Ennisy Enmfkillmy Galway, KinfaLr, 4 Ltfburne, Longford, M allow y New Rofs9 Tipperary and Tralee, and * within One Mile of the Market Houfe or Market Place therein ‘ refpe&ively: And Whereas it may be expedient that fuch Licences * (hould, in certain Cafes, be granted for the Sale of Spirituous and 4 other Liquors in the faid Towns and Places on Payment of a left 4 Sum than the faid Sum of Twenty two PoundsBe it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One

thoufand

JLD. 181ft

SV* GEO. Ill

C.106.

555

thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfona to have or obtain, at his, her or their Defire, a Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cider or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, in any Place within the Town 8 of Atblone, Cajflebary Ennis, Enni/killen, Galway, KinfaU, Lijbume, Longford, Mallow, New Roft, Tipperary and Tralee, or within One Mile of the Market Houfe or Market Place therein re-fpeftively, on Payment of the Sum of Fifteen Pounds Briti/b Currency, together with a further Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount thereof, and no more; any thing in the faid recited Aft, or in the Schedule thereto annexed, or in any other Aft or Afts in force in Ireland for amending the faid Aft, or for the regulating the granting of fuch Licences, to the contrary in anywife notwithstanding ; fubieft neverthelefs to all fuch Rules, Regulations and Reftriftions, Direftions, Provifions, Claufes, Matters and Things, with refpeft to the obtaining of fuch Licence, as are contained and fet forth in any of the faid Afts and in this Aft, fo far as the fame are confiftent and compatible with each other; and fave fo far as the fame are not repealed or altered by this Aft: Provided always, that any Perfon on whofe Licence fuch Sum of Fifteen Pounds (hall be paid (hall be authorifed to fell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity not exceeding Twenty Gallons at any one time, and no more: Provided alfo, that if any Perfon in the faid Towns and Places (hall pay the full Sum of Twenty two Pounds payable under the faid recited Afts, or if any Perfon in any of the laid Towns and Places, having paid the faid Sum of Fifteen Pounds, (hall pay fuch additional Sum as (hall make the whole Duty paid by fuch Perfon amount to Twenty two Pounds Briti/b Currency, together with a further Sum in both Cafes after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of fuch Twenty two Pounds, or on luch additional Sum as the cafe may be, fuch Perfon (hall be authorifed to fell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity not exceeding Twenty five Gallons at any one time, and no more, purfuant to the Provifions of the faid recited Aft.

II.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful for the Gommiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, in their Difcretion, to allow or repay to any Perfon who (hall have paid or (hall pay the faid Duty or Sum of Twenty two Pounds on any Licence for the Sale of Spirituous or other Uquors by Retail in any of the Towns or Places aforefaid, to be in force after the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen until and upon the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, the Sum of Seven Pounds Briti/b Currency, together with a further Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount thereof; and every fuch Allowance or Repayment (hall* be made under fuch Rules and Regulations as tiic laid Commiffioners or any Three of them (hall direft or appoint $ and After fuch Allowance or Repayment fuch Licence (hall be good and valid according to the Import thereof, and according to the JProvifions of this Aft, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

III.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall not be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons licenfed to fell Spirituous or other Liquors *>y Retail, to demand or receive any Permit or Permits for the Removal within any one Day to any one Perfon, or to different

Perfons

Instead of said

Duty within the Towns herein mentioned, a Duty of t;L and is. in the Found on the Amount.

ijl- Licence not to permit Sale of Spirits at one time to more than so Gallons.

siL Licence the Sale of %$ Gallons and no more at one

Commissioners in Ireland may repay 7b British with the is. in the Pound to the Persons who have taken out the aoL

No Permit for Removal of a greater Quantity of Spirits than allowed for Sale at one time.

a 106.

56° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

5J G. 3. «. 19. S39-

repealed. Licences grant* ed without taking such Oaths valid.

licensed Persons (not being in District of Dublin) may on Certificate remove within flame District.

In such Case Officer to grant

Perform in Partner fhip in Trade, any greater Quantity of Spirits than fuch Perfon or Perfons fo licenfed is or are under the Provifions of the faid recited A61 of the Fifty fifth Year aforefaid, or this A61, authorifed to fell at any one time under the Licence or Licences which (hall have been or (hall be obtained by fuch Perfon or Per-fons 5 any Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That fo much and fuch Parts of the faid recited Aft of the Fifty fifth Year aforefaid, whereby it is provided and enafted, that no Perfon fhall be capable of receiving or holding a Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter or Ale, Cider or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, who (hall not previoufly take and fubfcribe certain Oaths in and by the faid Aft prefcribed, direfted and appointed, and as direft that every Perfon Featuring any fuch Licence (hall take and fubfcribe fuch Oaths before the Colleftor or other Officer or Perfon in Charge of the Colleftion of the Diftrift within which fuch Perfon (hall require to be licenfed, and alfo as direft .that fuch Perfon fhall leave the fame with fuch Colleftor or other Officer, who fhall tranfmit the fame, when required, to the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland; and that if any fuch Licence fhall be granted or iffued to any Perfon without fuch Oath or Affidavit being fo made and fub-fcribed, fuch Licence fhall be null and void to all Intents and Pur* pofes, and that the Perfon whofe Licence fhall fo become null and void fhall be deemed an unlicenfed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and fhall be fubjeft to fuch Penalties and Difabilities as Retailers of Spirituous Liquors without Licence are fubjeft to, fhall be, and is and are hereby repealed 5 and every Licence which fhall have been or fhall be granted at any time after the Fifth. Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall not have taken or fubfcribed the faid Oaths, or any of them, fhall not be void, nor fhall any fuch Perfon or Perfons be liable or fubjeft to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, in confequence or by realon of fuch Omiffion, but every fuch Licence fhall be good, valid and effeftual in the Law to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as the fame would have been in cafe the faid Oaths had been taken and fubfcribed as aforefaid; any thing in the faid recited Aft or any other Aft or Afts to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon who fhall base obtained or fhall obtain any Licence to fell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, in any Place not being within the Diftrift of the Metropolis of Dublin, fhall be minded to remove from the Houfe mentioned in fuch Licence for carrying on fuch Bufinefs, and to carry on the fame in any other Houfe in the fame Town or City, or within the fame Excite Diftrift (and with refpeft to which laft mentioned Houfe fuch Perfon fhall obtain the Certificate of the Two next Refident Juftices of the Peace that fuch Houfe is proper to be licenfed for the Sale of Spirituous and other* Liquors by Retail), then and in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the Com* miffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland*, or any Three of them, to permit and allow fuch Perfon to deliver up and Surrender fuch Licence, then in force, to the Colleftor or other Officer or Perfon who fhall then be duly authorifed to grant and iffiie Licences in the proper Diftrift ; and fuch Colleftor or other Officer or Perfon ihall, upon receiving fuch Licence, fign, grant and iffiie, without

payment

A.D.1&1&

59° GEO. III.

C.1C6.

557

Payment of Duty, or any Sum or Fee whatever (except in cafe of the Provifo hereafter mentioned, where a higher Duty (hall be payable in the Place to which fuch Perfon (hall intend to remove, than fuch Perfon paid on the Licence fo to be furrendered up), a new Licence to fuch Perfon for the Houfe to which fuch Perfon (hall be defirous of removing, and (hall date fuch Licence, and (hall fet forth therein that the fame was granted upon the Surrender of a former Licence, fpecifying the Date thereof, and the Situation of the Houfe for which the fame had been granted; and from the Date of fuch further or new Licence the fame (haU be fufficient Authority for the Perfdn to whom the fame (hall be granted, to fell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail in the Houfe to which fuch Perfon (hall fo remove, until the Expiration of the Term, Force, Period or Pur-pofe for which the fame (hall be granted, and which Term, Force, Period or Purpofe (hall not in any Cafe exceed the Term, Force, Period or Purpofe for which the original Licence was granted; and every Licence in the Place or Stead of which any fuch new or further Licence (hall be granted, (hall be from thenceforth abfolutely null and void; and any Perfon to whom any fuch new or further Licence (hall be granted, and alfo all and every the Surety and Sureties of any fuch Perfon, (hall be fobjeft and liable in all refpefts, and to all Intents and Purpofes whatever, in like manner as he, (he or they would have been refpeftively fobjeft and liable if fuch Perfon had continued to carry on Buiinefs under the original Licence, and in the Houfe for which the fame had been granted: Provided always, that it (hall not be lawful for any fuch Colleftor or other Officer or Perfon to grant or iffue any (uch new or further Licence unlefs and until all the Duties and Penalties which (hall have been or (hall

be incurred by fuch Perfon fo defirous of renuwing (hall be folly paid or fatisfied; and provided alfo, that in cafe the Duty payable by Law on a Licence to fell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, in the Place to which fuch Perfon (hall fo intend to remove, (hall exceed the Duty paid on the Licence fo intended to be fur-rendered, it (hall not be lawful to grant or iflue any fuch new or further Licence, unlefs and until fuch Perfon (hall pay fuch additional Sum as (hall make the whole Duty paid by fuch Perfon amount to the full Duty payable by Law on a Licence to fell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, in fuch Place for which fuch new or further Licence (hall be required, together with the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of fuch additional Sum, and the Amount of every fuch Payment (hall be fet forth in fuch new or further -Licence.

* VI. And Whereas in and by the faid Tecited Aft of the Fifty € 'fifth Year aforefaid, Perfons exercifing certain Trades, Occupations

*	or Callings therein mentioned are declared * not to be capable of

*	receiving or holding a Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, « Beer, Pbrter or Ale, Cider or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by

* Retail; and it is thereby declared, that every Licence which (haU

*	be iffoed to any Perfon by the faid Aft declared not to be capable

*	of receiving the fame, or to any Perfon or Perfons in Truft or to

*	the Ufe or Benefit of fuch Perfon or Perfons fo declared incapable,

*	fhall be void to all Intents and Purpofes; and that the Perfon whofe

*	‘Licence (hall fo become null and void (hall be deemed an unliceitfad

*	Retailer of Spirituous Liquors* and be fobjeft to fuch Penalties,

* Forfeitures

a new Licence on Surrender of former.

Old Licence thereupon void.

Conditions of granting such new Licence.

55O.5. 0. ly. $33.

C. 106.

59° GEO. III.

AJX1819.

to*

Persons exercising certain Trades declared incapable by SS G. 3. c. 19. ▼old.

S5 G.3. c.104. §15-

Not to extend to Retailers, if Liquors not consumed in their House.

Retailer may recover for Beer sold less than Two Gallons, not consumed by Retailer.

*	Forfeitures and Difabilities as Retailers of Spirituous Liquors with-4 out Licence are fubjje&to;’ Be it enaded, That if at any time after the granting of any Licence to any Perfon to fell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, fuch Perfon (hall exercife any Trade, Occupation or Calling, the exercifing whereof would have rendered fuch Perfon incapable of receiving fuch Licence ; or if any Licence for felling Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail (hall at any time be held in Truft or for the Ufe or Benefit of any Perfon who (hall at any time during the Term, Period or Force of fuch Licence exercife any fuch Trade, Occupation or Calling, then and in each and every the refpedive Cafe and Cafes aforefaid, every fuch Licence (hall be and the fame is hereby declared null and void, to all Intents and PurpofeB what foe ver 5 and the Perfon whofe Licence (hall fo become void, and the Perfon or Perfons in Truft for whom or for whofe Ufe or Benefit the fame had been obtained, fhall be deemed an unlicenfed Retailer or unlicenfed Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, and (hall be fubjed to fuch Penalties, Forfeitures and Difabilities as Retailers of Spirituous Liquors without Licence are fubjed to.

4 VII. And Whereas in and by an Ad made in the Fifty fifth 4 Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to make 4 further Provifions for the iffuing of Licences to Perfons to deal n,

4 retail, make or manufaSure Spirits, and other Excifeable Commodities 4 in Ireland, and for fecuring the Duties of Excife payable by the Per* 4 fans fo licenfed\ it is amongft other things enaded, that no Perfon 4 fhall be entitled unto or fhall maintain any Caufe, A&ion or Suit,

4 or fhall recover either in Law or Equity, any Sum of Money or

*	Demand for or on account of any Spirituous Liquors fold in 4 Ireland, in any Quantity lefs than Two Quarts at any One time, 4 or for or on account of any particular Item or Article in any 4 Account or Demand Tor Spirituous Liquors fo fold, when the 4 Quantity fhall be lefs than Two Quarts: And Whereas it is ex-

*	pedient that the faid recited Provifion fhould not extend or be 4 conftrued to extend to fuch Quantity of Spirituous Liquors fold 4 by any Perfon duly licenfed to fell Spirituous Liquors by Retail, 4 fuch Spirituous Liquors not being ufed or confumed in the Houfe, 4 Shop or other Premifes of fuch licenfed RetailerBe it therefore enaded, That nothing in the faid recited Provifion of the faid Ad fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to any Spirituous Liquors fold in any Quantity lefs than Two Quarts at any One time, by any Perfon fo licenfed to fell Spirituous Liquors by Retail, provided that the Quantity of Spirituous Liquors fo fold, or any Part thereof, (hall not be ufed or confumed in the Houfe, Shop or other Premifes of fuch licenfed Retailer, any thing in the faid recited Ad or any other Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithftanding 5 provided always, that the faid recited Provifion 01 the faid laft mentioned Ad, (haH continue and remain in full Force and Effed with refped to Spirituous Liquors which fhall be ufed and confumed in any fuch Houfe, Shop or other Premifes.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful for any licenfed Retailer of Spirituous or other Liquors to recover by due Courfe of Law any Sum of Money or Demand, for or os account of any Beer, Ale or Porter fold by fuch Retailer in anr Quantity lefs than Two Gallons, and not being ufed or confumed in the Houfe, Shop or other Premifes of fuch Retailer, although the

Price

A'D. 1819.	59° GEO. III.	C. 106.

Price of fuch Quantity may exceed the Sum of One Shilling 5 any thing in an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, intituled An AS to prevent the Evil artfing by the Retailers of Beer, Ale, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, Aqua Vita and other Spirituous Liquors, giving Credit to Servants, Day Labourers and other Perfons who ufually work or ply for Hire or Wages, or in any other Aft or Afts to the contrary notwithftanding.

‘ IX. And Whereas in and by the faid recited Aft of the Fifty 4 fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, certain Duties of Excife 4 are impofed and made payable for and upon all and every the Li-4 cences to be taken out for the feveral and refpeftive purpofes in * the faid recited Aft mentioned, according to the Laws in fuch 4 Cafe made and providedBe it enafted, That upon the Death of my Perfon fo licenfed, and alfo where any Perfon fo licenfed (hall wholly difcontinue the Bufinefs, Trade, Occupation or Calling, for which any fuch Licence fhall be iflued, and fhall be defirous of dif-pofing of his or her Right and Intereft in fuch Licence to any other Perfon duly qualified to carry on fuch Trade, Bufinefs, Occupation or Calling, in every fuch Cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the Commifiioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, in their Difcretion, to permit and allow the Heir, Executor or Adminiftrator, or Widow or Child of fuch deceafed Perfon, or the Afiignee or Affignees of the Perfon fo difpofing of fuch his or her Right and Intereft aforefaid, to deliver up and furrender fuch Licence to the Colleftor or other Officer or Perfon who fhall be duly authorifed to grant and ifTue Licences in the proper Diftrift ; and fuch Colleftor or other Officer or Perfon fhall, upon receiving fuch Licence, fign, grant and iffue, without Payment of Duty, or any Sum or Fee whatever, a new Licence, in fuch Manner and Form as the faid Commifiioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, fhall from time to time direft and appoint, to fuch refpeftive Perfons for the Houfe or Premifes, or any other Houfe or Premifes (being in the f^me City or Town in which the Houfe or Premifes for which fuch original Licence had been granted fhall be fituated) in which he or fhe fhall be defirous of carrying on fuch Trade, Occupation or Calling ; and from the Date of fuch further or new Licence, the fame fhall be fufficient Authority for the Perfon to whom the lame fhall be granted to exercife and carry on the Trade, Bufinefs, Occupation or Calling in the Houfe or Premifes mentioned and de-fcribed therein, until the Expiration of the Term, Force, Period or Purpofe for which the fame fhall be granted, and which Term, Force, Period or Purpofe fhall not in any cafe exceed the Term, Force, Period or Purpofe for which the original Licence was granted; and every Licence, in the Place or Stead of which any new or further Licence fhall be granted, fhall be from thenceforth abfolutely null and void: Provided always, that it fhall not be lawful for any fuch Colleftor or other Officer or Perfon to grant or iffue any fuch new or further Licence, unlefs and until all Duties and Penalties which jHall have been or fhall be incurred by fuch deceafed Perfon, or by £aach Perfon fo* defirous of difpofing of his or her Right and Intereft aforefaid, fhall be fully paid or fatisfied; and provided alfo, that it fhall not be lawful to grant or ifiue any fuch new or further Licence, aaxalefs and until the Perfon applying for the fame fhall have performed

all

559

9 G. 2. (I.)

S5G.3.C.19.

s*

On Death, &c. of Party, Licence, on being delivered up to proper Officer, may be renewed in favour of Representative of deceased, or to Assignee of Party declining Business;

without Payment of Duty, or Fee.

Duties and Penalties due by deceased, &c. to be first paid, and Person applying performing au Requisites.

C. 106.

19* GEO. Ill;

A.D. 1819.

Where Licence taken after 5th of April in any Year, a Proportion of Duty only paid, and is. in the Pound thereon.

Person applying for Licence having previously traded, to pay the full annual Sum payable on such Licence;

otherwise Licence raid* and Penalty.

all and every the Requifites requited, dire&ed and appointed to be performed by any Perfon applying for a Licence to exercife and carry on the Bufinefs, Trade, Occupation or Calling to be mentioned in fuch Licence, according to the feveral Adis of Parliament in every fuch Cafe made and provided.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever any Perfon (hall at any time after the Fifth Day of April in any Year, become defirous of obtaining for the Firfi time any Licence to deal in, retail, make, manufacture, fell, or keep for Sale, or expofe to Sale, any Article, Matter or Thing, or to exercife or carry on any Bufinefs, Trade, Occupation or Calling, for which a Licence is required by the find recited Adi of the Fifty fifth Year aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for every fuch Perfon to have and obtain fuch Licence for the Remainder of the Year, upon Payment only of the Proportion of the full annual Amount of the Duty, by Law payable upon fuch Licence, efiimated on the Remainder of fuch Year, commencing from the End of the Quarter of a Year ending on the Fifth Day of April* Fifth Day of July, or Tenth Day of OQober next preceding the time of the taking out of fuch Licence, together with the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of the proportionate Rate of Duty To payable upon fuch Licence, any thing in the faid recited Adi or in any other Adi or Adis in force in Ireland to the contrary in anywife notwithlianding, and as if the annual Duty had been paid for fuch Licence; fubjedt neverthelefs to all and every the Claufes, Rules, Regulations, Provifions and Reftridiions as are contained, limited and appointed by the faid recited Adi, or any other A€t or Ads with reiped to any fuch Licence refpedively; Provided always, that in cafe it (hall appear to the Satisfadion of the Colledor of the Diftrid’ that any Perfon who (hall fo for the Firli time apply for any fuch Licence after the Fifth Day of April in any Year, (nail have adually dealt in, retailed, made, fold, or kept for Sale, or expofed to Sale, any Article, Matter or Thing, or (hall have exercifed or carried on any Bufinefs, Trade, Occupation or Calling, for which fuch Licence (hall be recjuifite, at any time between the Fifth Day of January next preceding the time when fuch Perfon (hall make Application for futh Licence and the time of making fuch Application, it (hall not be lawful for fuch Colledor or other Officer m charge as aforefaid, to grant or i(Tue fuch Licence to fuch Perfon, unlels and until fuch Perfon (hall pay the full annual Sum payable on fuch Licence; and in cafe any Perfon (hall have obtained or fhaH obtain any fuch Licence after the Fifth Day of April in any Year, upon Payment of any lefs Sum than the full annual Duty by Law payable upon fuch Licence, and it (hall afterwards be difcovered that fuch Perfon had at any time between the Fifth Day of January then next preceding and the Date of fuch Licence, dealt in, retailed, made, fold, or kept for Sale, or expofed for Sale, any Article* Matter or Thing, or exercifed or carried on any Trade, Bufinefs, Occupation or Calling, for which fuch Licence (hall be granted, every fuch Licence mall be and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes, and the Perfon whole Licence (hall fo become null and void (hall be deemed unbcenfed, and (hall be fubje& to all fuch Penalties, Forfeitures and Difabifitiei as any Perfon exercifing any Bufinefs, TVade, Occupation or Calling without Licence, is by Law fubjed to, according to the Nature oft Ike Bufinefs, Trade, Occupation or Calling.

XI. And

A.D. 1819.	58® GEO. III. C.	106.

XL And be it further enaAed, That nothing in this AA contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend in any manner to repeal or affeiA any of the Claufes, Rules, Regulations, Provifions, Matters or Things contained itf any A A or AAs of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of the Commencement of this AA, relating to or in refpeA of any Licences granted under the Authority of the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Irelandf except where the fame is or are exprefsly altered or repealed by this AA; and that all fuch Claufes, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Provifions, Matters or Things, (hall (except as aforefaid) be and remain in full Force and EffeA to all Intents and Purpofes as if this AA had not been made, and (hall be applied in the Execution of this AA as fully and effeAually as if the lame were repeated and re-enaAed in this AA, and the faid AAs and this AA (hall be conftrued together as One AA, fo far as the fame are compatible and confident with each other.

XII. And be it further enaAed, That the feveral Sums of Money by this A A made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this A A, (hall be paid and payable and received and receivable in Britijb Currency, and (hall and may be raided, levied, colleAed, paid, fued for, recovered and applied in the fame manner, and under fuch Powers and Authorities, ana by fuch Ways and Methods, and according to fuch Rules and DireAions, and under fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, direAed and expreffed for the raifing, levying, colleAing, paying, managing, recovering and applying of any Duties, Penalties and Forfeitures in and by an AA made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled Jin A3 for the fettling of the Excife or new Imbojl upon His MajeJly, His Heirs and SucceJTors, according to the Book of Kates therein inferted; or in and by an AA made in the Forty (ixth Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to provide for the better Execution of the feveral Ads relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the CommiJJioners of Cujloms and Port Duties asid of the Commi/Jtoners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other AA or AAs in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Excife and Cuftoms, or either of them, as fully and effeAually, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame Rules and DireAions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were herein expreffed and enaAed, with the like Remedy of Appeal to or for the Party or Parties aggrieved in and by the faid AAs or any of them, or in any other AA or AAs, is or (hall be provided.

XIII.	And-be it further enaAed, That from and after the T wen tv ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, fo much and fuch Parts of the faid recited AA made in the Fifty fifth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to make further Provifions for the iffuing of Licences to Perfons to deal in, retailx mate or manufaSure Spirits and other Exctfeable Commodities in Ireland, and for fecurtng the Duties of Excife payable by the Perfons fo Ticenfedx (hall be repealed, as authoriies the feveral ColleAors of Inland Excift and Taxes in Ireland, or other Officer or Perfon therein mentioned* upon the Performance of the feveral Provifoes and Conditions in thet faid AA mentioned and continued, to iffue Licences for the 84k of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cider, Perry, Metheglm or Mead, by Retail, to the fame Perfons, and at and m. 09 Gao, III.	O q	the

Ml

Powers of Aota in force, not hereby altered, extended to this Act.

Exception..

Recovery and Application of* Penalties,-&c. which are to be paid in British cur-rency.

as by 14 & 1 s C. 2. Sega. 4. c.8. (L)

46 O. 3. c. 106*

55	3.	c.	104.

$9.

repealed.

462

C. 106.

52° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

From Sept. 29, 1*19, Licence* granted to such Persons (Exception) as aludl obtain an Order from Justices in Sessions pursuant so 5.t G. 3* **9- S30.

Jfotice to Churchwardens J4 Days before such Application to Sesnons, stating Par. ticulars of Situation, Ac. with Names of Sureties.

JS 0.3- c. 19. $ x. repealed.

the fame Houfes or Places, as (hall have been licenfed in the Year laft immediately preceding; and alfo to iffue Licences for the Purpofes aforelaid to any Perfon or Perfons whom any Three Magif-trates refiding within Seven Miles of the Habitation of fuch Perfon or Perfons mall think proper Perfons to be entrufted with fuch Licences, and to whom they (hall, by Order under their Hands and Seals, direft fuch Licences to be iflued; and the fame is and are herein repealed accordingly.

XIV.	And, for the better preventing the granting of Licences to improper Perfons to fell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail in Ireland, be it further enafted, That from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September One thou fan d eight hundred and nineteen, no Licence (hall be granted to any Perfon to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, PoVter, Ale, Cider, Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail in any Place (except in the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road furrounding the faid City, or within the Diftrift of the Metropolis of Dublin), unlefs fuch Perfon (hall have made Application to the Ju dices of the Peace at fome Sefiions, or Adjournment thereof, and (hall have obtained an Order from fuch Junices for the iffuing of fuch' Licence to fuch Perfon purfuant to the Provifions and Regulations of the faid recited Aft patted in the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to grant certain Duties of Excife upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Perfons dealing in Excife able Commodities, in Ireland, in Tieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon fuch Licences ; and to fecure the Payment of fuch Excife Duties, and to regulate the iffuing of fuch Licences ; and to difcourage the immoderate Ufe of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland ; any thing in any Aft or Afts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithilanding.

XV.	And be it further cnafted. That from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, any Perfon intending to apply for a Licence for the Sale of Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail (hall, Fourteen Days at leaft before fuch Perfon (hall make fuch Application at any Sefiions of the Peace or Adjournment thereof for an Order for fuch Licence, give or caufe to be given a Notice in Writing, figned by fuch Perfon, to the Churchwarden or Churchwardens of the Pariih or Place wherein tbe Houfe for which fuch Perfon (hall intend to be licenfed (hall be fituate; and every fuch Notice (hall (late the Intention of fuch Perfon to make fuch Application, and (hall fet forth the Situation of fuch Houfe in a true and particular manner, fpecifying the Town, Townland, Parifh, Barony, Half Barony, and if in a Town or City, the Street, Square, Lane or other Description of Place, and alfo the Place of Abode of fuch Perfon, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Perfons whom fuch Perfon requiring fuch Licence propofes as Sureties, not being Diftillers or Publicans; and every* fuch Notice (hall be filed and kept by the Churchwarden or Churchwardens to whom the fame (hall be given.

’* XVI. And Whereas in and by the faid recited Aft of the Fifty

*	fifth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, and the Schedule to the

#	faid Aft annexed, a Duty of Twenty one Pounds Briti/h Cur-4 rency is impoTed and made payable upon any Licence to any f Perfon to (ell Spirituous Liquors, on Comminion or otherwise, \ ip Quantities* hot lefs than Fifty Gallons, the Perfon fo felling not

‘ bring

•x.d; i8i<*.

49' GEO. II!.

C. 10«.

Its

*	being a licenfed Diftiller, or an Importer of Spirit* And Where** $ 70..

*	it is in and by the faid recited Ad amongft other things enaded*

% that every Perfon applying for any fuch Licence (hall enter into •* fuch Bond as in the laid Ad mentioned, conditioned amongft other

*	things, that the Party applying for fuch Licence (hall not fell ot I deliver out any Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity at any one time

*	lefs than Fifty Gallons; and that it (fall not be lawful for any '• Perfon, other than a licenfed Diftiller, to fell Spirituous Liquors 4 in any Quantity exceeding Twenty five Gallons and not exceeding

*	Fifty Gallons: And Whereas the faid recited Provifions of the

*	faid A d have been found inconvenientBe it therefore enaded.

That from and after the patting of this Ad, fo much of the faid Persons Keena«l recited Ad as requires fuch Condition in' the faid Bond fhall be 10 repealed; and that any Perfon or Perfona who fhall, at the time of fhan 50 the paffing of this Ad, be licenfed to fell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities not lefs than Fifty Gallons, fhall and may lawfully fell exceeding 257 and deliver out any Spirituous Liquors at any one time in any Gallons. Quantity exceeding Twenty five Gallons; and fuch Perfon fhall not be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture under the faid recited Ad for felling or delivering out Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity exceeding Twenty five Gallons and not exceeding Fifty Gallons ; and that from Licences and after the palling of this Ad it mall and may be lawful for the granted on Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, ^^tnentof *or any Colledor of Excife, or other Officer thereto authorifed by ** the "pound, Law, on Payment of fuch Duty of Twenty one Pounds, together to sell Spirits with One Smiling in the Pound on the Amount thereof, to grant a in Quantities Licence to any Perfon to fell Spirituous Liquors, on Commiluon or n<* le3S than otherwife, in Quantities not lefs than Twenty five Gallons, in any a* fallen* Place in Ireland9 the Perfon fo felling not being a licenfed Diftilkr or Importer of Spirits, * or to an Importer of Spirits to fell in . like Quantities Spirits not imported by himfelf; and fuch Licences (hall be granted in fuch manner as required by Law with refped to ' Licences to fell in Quantities not lets than Fifty Gallons.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That it lhall not be lawful for Distilien

' any Diftiller, licenfed to keep a Still of or under One hundred Gal- herein men-lons Content, and to be worked under the Regulations of the faid *‘one<i> noftpt° recited Ad of the Fifty feventh Year aforefaid, fo as to be charge- &c^except able as aforefaid with Ninety Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, £ooleraUftwed» to have, keep or make ufe of any Tube, Pipe, Trunk or Shute, or other Veffel or Utenfil for cooling any Wort, Waft or Pot Ale, other than and except fuch Cooler of fuch Defoription, Di men -(ions and - Content as is hereinbefore mentioned; and if any fuch Diftiller fhall have, keep or make ufe of any Tube, Pipe, Shute,

Trunk or other Veffel or Utenfil for cooling any Worts, Wafh or Pot Ale, other than and except as aforefaid, then and in every fudh Cafe every fuch Diftiller fhall for every fuch Offence, forfeit Penalty ye!, the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded. That any Still of or under Such SulUiprb*

* One'hundred Gallons Content, to be worked under the Regu- of the Propor.

lation of the faid recited Ad of the Fifty feventh Year aforefaid, tlon*.he^“ fo as to be chargeable with Ninety Charged only of Singlings or mentlon Low Wines, as in the faid Ad mentioned, fhall be of the Proper-	.t

tion following ; that is to fay, the Diameter of fuch Still, to be taken in the wideft Part thereof, and in that Place of fuch wideft Part as

O o 2	fhall

C. 106.

59* GEO. IIL

4*4

A.D. 181tr

Scfll not con-formsbla for-fsitad; and Fanaky aool.

Distiller* licensed to keep Stills of any Content

gits Notice of certain Particulars as to r Workings.

(hall be moft remote from the. Bbttom of fuch Still, (hall not be greater than the Altitude of fuch Still, fuch Altitude to be afcer-tained in a perpendicular Line from the Centre of the Diameter fo taken to the Bottom of fuch Still, nor (hall the Bottom of fuch Still be otherwife curved than inwards, or towards the Body of fuch Still; and in cafe any Still which (hall not be conformable to the Proportions aforefaid, (hall be found in the Poffefiion of any Dif-tiller bound to keep any Still under the Regulations of the {aid recited Aft of the Fifty feventh Year aforefaid, fo as to be chargeable with Ninety Charges only of Singlings or Low Wines as aforefaid, every fuch Still not conformable as aforefaid {hall be forfeited, and may be feized, and every fuch Diftiller (hall forfeit the -Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enafted, That whenever any Diftiller of Ireland, licenfed to keep or ufe any Still or Stills ot any Content whatsoever (except a Still to be worked fo as to be charge-(except Stills	*kle in refpeft of Ninety Charges only of Singlings or Low Wines

chargeable with *8 aforefaid), (hall infert in the feveral Notices which he is hound 90 Chargee) to by Law to give before he commences or recommences to work a “ ^ Still, or (hall give Notice in like manner Six Days before the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, during which any Still or Stills of fuch Diftiller (hall oe chargeable an working, that fuch Diftiller purpofes to work any Still or Stills m his Poffefiion, during the next fucceeding Period, with Turf only, not charred, and not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, fuch Diftiller (hall for any fuch Period during which fuch Still or Stills (hall be worked witn no other Fuel than Turf not charred, be charged with and pay Duty for fuch Quantity of Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates fpecified in any Aft or Afts in force) from Five Sevenths of the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines to which fuch Still would otherwife be liable under any Aft in force in Ireland, and alfo with Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced according to fuch Rates, from all Wa(h, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, which fuch Diftiller (hall aftually diftil within fuch' Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above the Quantity produceable from fuch Number of Charges of Low Wines or Singlings as aforefaid.

Distillers under XX. And be it further enafted, That it (hall not be lawful 57O.J. c. ii<x for any Diftiller licenfed to keep any Still of or under One hundred alnebie of°le” Gallons Content, and who (hall work the fame under the Rwa-oonteinln^ lotions of an Aft made in the Fifty feventh Year of His preieot mater	Majefty’s Reifpi, intituled An A3 to make further Regulations fir

5ty thania Ph>- the better colle3$ng and feeuring the Duties on Spirits drilled in Ireland, gwdon of is f0 as to be chargeable as in the faid Aft is mentioned in refpeft of Ninety Charges only of Singlings or Low Wines, to have, jbejdl or ufe airy Cooler for cooling any Worts, Wa(h or Pot Ale whxcfe (hall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate or in the Proportion ofTwelve Gallons for every One Galloa of the Content of the Still which fuch Diftiller (hall be licenfed tv} -keep, nor to have, keep or ufe any mater Number of Coolers than One Cooler j and if any fuch Diftiller (hall have, keep or ufe any Cooler which (hall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate aforefaid, or (hall have, keep or ufe any greater

Number

Gallons for •vary Gallon Content of

>&c.

J; and jr 50L

A.D.181*

59° GEO. Ill*

Cl 06.

m

Number of Coolers' than one Cooler, every fuch Cooler which (hall be of a greater Content than as aforefaid, and eveiy Second or further Cooler, together with the Contents thereof relpedively, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized; and every fuch Diftiller (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty rounds.

XXL And be it further enaded, That it (nail not be lawful for any Diftiller whatever in Ireland to put, or caufe or fuffer or permit to be put, any Worts, Wa(h, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings in any Still, or to have or keep, or caufe or permit or fuffer to be had or kept, any Fire under any Still at any time between the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Forenoon and the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Sunday* any Charge or Charges on fuch Diftiller in refpeff of any Period of Four Weis, or Twenty eight Days, or any other Matter or Thing in any Ad or Ads in force in Ireland relating to the Diftillation of Spirits to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding; and if any Worts, Waft, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings (hall be found in the Still of any Diftiller whatever in Ireland* or if any Diftiller (hall have or keep, or caufe or permit or fuffer to be had or kept, any Fire under any Still, or if any Fire (hall be found under the Still of any Diftiller at any time between the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Forenoon and the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Sunday* then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Diftiller (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Five nundred Pounds.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That there (hall at all times, between the Hours of Six of the Clock in the Forenoon and Six of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Sunday, be a free Paffage and Accefs into every Diftiilery, and alfo into fuch Parts or Places thereof where any Still (hall then be fituate; and it (hall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excife, or Juftice of the Peace, or any Churchwarden of the Parift or Place where fuch Diftiilery (hall be fituate, to enter into fuch Diftiilery at all times between the faid Hours, and to examine each and every Still, and every Furnace or Fireplace which (hall be then fituate in fuch Diftiilery; and if any Juftice of the Peace, Officer of Excife or Churchwarden, (hall be wilfully delayed in obtaining Accefs to any Still of any Diftiller, or (hall be in any manner prevented or hindered from immediately examining any Still of any Diftiller, every fuch Diftiller (hall, in each and every fuch Cafe, forfeit the Sum of Fiv? hundred Pounds.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That all and every the Claufes, Regulations, Provifions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery prescribed, mentioned and contained in any Ad or Ads of Parliament in force in Ireland for the regulating or Securing the Colledion of the Duties on Spirits diftilled in Ireland, (hall be applied and put in Pradice in the Execution of this Ad, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever as if all the Claufes, Rules, Regulations, Reftridions, Provifions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the faid Ads or any of them, had been expreSdy repeated and re-enaded in this Ad, and made applicable to the Provifions herein contained, except fo far as the fame are repealed or altered by this Ad or any other Ad or Ads; and the faid Ads and this Ad (hall be conftrued together as One Ad, to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, fo fur as the fame are compatible or con-

O o S	fiftent

No Worts is bo put Into Still, or Fir# put under it, between Hours of Six end Six of any Sunday.

Penalty jeet

Access to Justice, Churchwarden, or Excise Officer into Distillery.

Delaying Access or bin*

drring Examination.

Penalty 500L

Former Acts in force for securing Duties on Spirits extended to this Act.

if*	G	10<S)	107.	*9°	GEO.	ill.	Att).	talk.

fiftent with each other, and at the faid Ads are amended and altered by this A6t.

CAP. CVII.

An Ad to confolidatc and amend feveral Ads for regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protedion of certain Goods in Ireland.

[12th July 1819.]

*	XT/HE REAS it is expedient that the Laws relating to the

v	1	VV ifluing or granting of Permits and Certificates for the Con

*	veyance and Protedion of certain Goods in Ireland, and relating :

•	to Reqiieft Notes or Requifitions for fuch Permits or Certificates, •

•	fhould be rendered more effedualBe it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflcmbled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Commencement of this Ad, an Ad

40 G. 3. c. 68. made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His 00	prefent	Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for better regulating the

fiuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and' Protedion of certain Excifeable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent' Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers of fuch Goods, (hall be repealed ; and alfo that an Ad made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom 45 9r. 3. c. ‘ of Great Britain and Ireland, in the Forty fifth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to continue9 until the Twenty math Day of September One thoufand eight hundred andJive, and amend an A3 made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Tear of Hie prefent Majejly, for better regulating the iffuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protedion of certain Excifeable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers of fuch Goods, fo far as the fame refpeds Permits fir Spirits or Spirituous Liquors, (hall be repealed ; and alfo that an Ad,

48	G. 3. t 8*. made in the Forty eighth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to make perpetual and to amend feveral A3s for the better regulating the iffuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance ana Protedion of certain Excifeable Goods in Ireland, fhall and %c much of he repealed ; and alfo that fo much and fuch Parts of* tjbe feveral Ads hereinafter mentioned (hall be repealed as in any way relates or relate to or concern Permits for Excifeable Commodities, or Cer-tificates of fuch Permits, or Requisitions or Requeft - Notes for Permits or Certificates ; that is to lay, fo much and fuch Parts only as aforefaid of an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland in 8? G. 3. Ok 4*. the Thirty feventh Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, intituled An .

A3 for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, ana for feaXring the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufadure of Tobacco; and alfo 89 G. 3. (I.) of an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for grant™ unto Hts MajeJly the feveral Duties therein mentioned on Sweets or made Wines, Mead and Vinegar, and for feturing the Colledion thereof; and alfo of an Ad made in the Parliament of the faid United Kingdom 43 G. |. s. 97. in the Forty third Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, intituled Ah * 7*	A3 to amend feveral Ads of Parliament for the better Colledion esrfd

Smrtiy of His Majfiy's Revenue of Gifioms and Exeife in Ireland,

and

A. D. 1849.	*9° GEO. IIL C.	107,

and far preventing Frauds therein, and to make further Regulations relating thereto; and alfo of One other AA made in the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to male further Provifions for the tffidng of Licences to Perfons to deal in, retailf _ male or manufacture Spiriti and other Excifcable Commodities m Ireland, and for fecurmg the Duties of Excife payable by ‘ the Perfons fo licenfed; and the faid hereinbefore recitea A As of the Fortieth, Forty fifth, and Forty eighth Years aforefaid, and fo much.jand fuch Part as aforefaid of the faid other AAs hereinbefore recited, fhall be and the fame are hereby repealed accordingly ; fave and except fo far as the faid fereral above recited A As or any of them, or any Part thereof, repeal or repeals any former AA or A As, or Part or Parts of any former AA or AAs ; and alfo fave and except fo far as the faid AAs or any of them relate or relates to the prosecuting, fuing for, recovering, levying or paying any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture againil the faid AAs, or any ot them, which (hall have been or (hall be committed on or before tne Commencement of this AA; and that all and every the Regulations and Provifions, Pbwers and Authorities, contained in the (aid recited AAs or any of them, (hall be and remain in full Force and EffeA for the profecuting, fuing for, recovering, levying or paying any fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, as if this AA had not been made.

II.	And be it further enaAed, That from and after the Firft Day of Augufi One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, fo much of an AA made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty^ Reign, intituled An AS to grant Duties of Cufionu, and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties pn certain Goods, Wares and Merchandsfe imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, and to make further Regulations for fecuring the Duties of Cufloms in Ireland, as declares it to be lawful for Importing Merchants in Ports in Ireland, where Tobacco may be imported, to give Certificates for all fuch Coffee, Sugar or Tea as they (hall fell to Perfons redding within the fame Port or Place where they (hall have imported the lame, of the feveral Parcels or Quantities of fuch Coffee, Sugar or Tea, which they (hall have fold, and that fuch Certificates (nail have the fame Force and EffeA as Permits, (hall ceafe and determine, and (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

III.	And be it further enaAed, That from and after the pafling qf this AA, fo much of an A A made in the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to make further Provifion

for the Execution of the feveral Ads relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commifioncrs of Cufloms and Port Duties, and of the Comimjffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, in Ireland, as enaAs that every Excife Office for the receiving of Requeff Notes for Permits or iffuing of Permits, (hall be kept open from Sunrife to Sunfet on every Day of the Yeari except the Days therein excepted, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

IV.	Ana be it further enaAed, That from and after the paffing of_ this AA, every Office for iffuing Permits or Certificates (nail be kept open on every Day of the Year, except Sundays, Chriflmas Duty, and Good Friday, and any Days which (ball be appointed by Proclamation for a general Faft or Thankfgiving, ana alfo the Anniverfaries of the Keftoration of Hia Majelty King Charles the

Oo I	Second,

m

and S5 G. 3-0. xo*. $ 16. as herein mentioned repeeled.

except Recovery of Forfeiture!.

55 G. 3. 0.8s. f 18.

repealed.

49 G. 3. e.n6> Hi*

repealed.

Timet for keeping open Offices for issuing Permits ot Certificates.

5«fc

C. 107.

89* GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

to settle time that Permits shallbeinfbree.

Table thereof transmitted to Officers for issuing Permits.

Permit granted without a Request Note void.

Request Note to contain certain Particulars.

Second, and of the Coronation and of the Birthday of His Majefty, and of the Birthday of His Royal Highnefs the Prince of Wales% from the Hour of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon to the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Day, from the Twenty fifth Day of March to and upon the Twenty ninth Day of September following, and from the Hour of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon to the Hour of Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Day, from the Twenty ninth Day of September in any Year, to and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March following,

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties and the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, according to their refpe&ive Jurifdi&ions, or any Three, of them refpe&ively, and they are hereby refpe&ively authorised, to afeertain and fettle fuch reasonable time or times for which any Permit or Permits fhall be of force for the Conveyance of any Goods from one Place to another; and the faid Commiffioners refpe&ively, having ascertained and fettled fuch time or times, fhall caule a Table thereof to be figned by the Secretary of fuch Commiffioners refpe&ively, and to be tranfmitted to the feveral Officers appointed or to be appointed for granting or ifluing of Permits; and whenever any fuch Table fhall be fo tranfmitted, the Officer or Officers to whom the fame fhall be fent, fhall, in inferring the time or times for which any Permit or Permits (hall be in force, conform to fuch Table, and regulate the time or times for which fuch Permit or Permits fhall be of force accordingly ; and it fhall be lawful for fuch Commiffioners to alter fuch Table from time to time as to them refpe&ively fhall feem expedient.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Permit, nor any Certificate of or grounded on any Permit, fhall be granted by any Officer employed by or a&ing under the Commiffioners of Cufloms and Port Duties, or the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland refpe&ively, nor by any other Pfcrfon .or Perfons empowered to grant any fuch Permit or Certificate, until a Requeft Note or Requifition m Writing fhall have been delivered by or on behalf of the Party requiring Tuch Permit or Certificate refpe&ively; and that any Permit or Certificate which fhall be granted without a Requeft Note or Requifition being delivered in manner required by this A&, fhall be a&ually void, and fhall not prote& any Goods, Wares or Merchandise mentioned ift fuch Permit or Certificate.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Requeft Note or Requifition which fhall be delivered for any Permit, fhall contain the Date thereof, and the Name of the Place from which, and the Place to which the Goods therein mentioned are to be carried, and the Diftance between fuch Places refpe&ively, and the Name of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, or City or Town, in which the Place to which the Goods are to be fent is fituate, and the particular Hour at which the Force of fuch Permit ftuB be required to commence, and fhall particularly exprefs the Marks, Weight, Package, particular Kind and Quantity of Goods to be conveyed under fuch Permit, and fhall likewife contain the real Names and Surnames and Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons fending fuch Goods, or in cafe of a Company or Copartnership, the Name of the Firm, Company or Copartnerfhip, and ot the Perfon or Perfons to whom to be lent, and the Situation of the Store or

FUc«

A.D. 1819.

59* GEO.

&107.

569

Place from which and to which fuch Goods are to be fent, together with fuch other Particulars as the Commiffionen of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, (hall from time to time direft or appoint; and in cafe of a Permit for Spirituous Liquors made in Ireland, the Number of Calks and Veflels in which fuch Spirituous Liquors (hall be contained, and the Quantity of Spirituous Liquors contained in each fuch Calk or Veffel.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, no Stamp Duty (hall be payable on any Requeft Note or Requifition for any Permit required to be granted by any Officer of His Majefty’s Revenue, or other Perfon duly authorifed to grant the fame, relative to any Excifeable or other Goods, or on any Requeft Note or Re-quifition for any Certificate of any fuch Permit required by Law, any thing in the faid recited A 61 of the Forty eighth Year aforefaid, or in any other Aft or A61s to the contrary notwithftanding ; and that fo much of an Aft made in the Fifty lixth Year of His prefent Majefty's Reign, intituled An A8 to repeal the feveral Stamp Duties in Ireland, and alfo feveral A8s for the ColleShm and Management of the faid Duties, and to grant new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and to make more effeSual Regulations for colleSing and managing the faid Duties, and of the Schedule to the faid Aft annexed, as impofes or grants any Stamp Duty on any Requeft Note or Requifition for any Permit required to be granted by any Officer of His Majefty's Revenue, or other Perfon duly authorifed to grant the fame, relative to any Excifeable or other Goods, and on any Requeft Note or Requifition for any Certificate of any fuch Permit required by Law, (hall from and after the faid Firft Day of Auguft ceafe and determine, and (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That all Permits (hall be figned by the proper Officer, and (hall be in fuch Form, and (hall contain fuch Particulars, as (hall from time to time be direfted by the Commidioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or of Inland Exdfe and Taxes, according to their refpeftive Jurifdiftions, or any Three of them refpeftively ) and alfo the feveral following Particulars, that is to fay, the Date and Number, and the Diftrift whence ifTued, and the Place from which, and the Place to which the Goods therein mentioned are purported to be carried; and (hall particularly exprefs the Marks, Weight, Package, particular Kind and Quantity of Goods purported to be conveyed under fuch Permit; and (hall like-wife contain the real Names and Surnames and Place of Abode of the Perfon or Perfons fending fuch Goods, and of the Perfon or Perfons to whom by fuch Permit fuch Goods are purported to be fent, or in cafe of a Company or CopartneHhip, the Name of the Firm, Company or Copartnerftiip; and the particular Store and Place from which and to which fuch Goods (hall by fuch Permit be purported to be fent; and in default of any of the Particulars aforefaid being inferted in fuch Permit, the Goods mentioned in fuch Permit (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife; and in cafe any fiftitious Name or Names (hall be inferted ixs any Permit, or in cafe the Goods (hall be fent from any other Perfon or Place, or (hall be delivered to any other Perfon or at any other Place, than from the Perfon and Place, and to the Perfon apd at the Place mentioned refpeftively in the Permit, the Goods mentioned

From Aqgi I* 1819, Request Notes not subject to Stamp Duty.

56 G. 3. c. 56. $i, andSchesL pert 1. Tit.

'* Request Note*1 repealed.

Permits to be signed by proper Officer, end to be in a certain Form, and to contain certain Particulars.

Default of Plsrv ticulare, insert, ing fictitious Name, not delivering, &e. Goods acooed-(*g to Perm*

«7Q

a 107.

39« GKO. 111.

A.D.1810.

Penally, 'rime to be mentioned in Permit, &c.

Penalty. Erasure Ac. in Permit.

Penalty.

Carrying certain Articles above Quantity herein mentioned without Permit, liable to Forfeiture.

mere IMi,

Ac. exceeding Weights herein mentioned arc seised for want of Permit, Horse, Car-; riage, Ac. also forfeited.

On Proof that permit rm* lost.

tiooed therein (hatl be forfeited; and may be fetaed by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife ; and in every Permit (hall likewise be mentioned the time limited for fiich Permit to be of force for the Conveyance of fuch Goods from one Place to another* and after the Expiration of fuch limited time fuch Permit (hall not be of force for pro-teding. the Conveyance of fuch Goods, and the fame* if found conveying after the Expiration of fuch time, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife; and every Permit in which there fhall be any Erafure,. Interlineation or Alteration* (hall be null and void, and tne Goods conveying or conveyed* for'the Protection of which any erafed, interlined or altered Permit (hall be produced, (hall be forfeited* and may be feized by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife.

X.	And be it further enaded, That all Foreign Wines exceeding the Quantity of Four Gallons all Spirituous Liquors whatever exceeding the Quantity of One Gallon ; all Vinegar, Metheglin or Mead, or Wines made in Great Britain or Ireland, exceeding re-, fpedtively the Quantity of Four Gallons; all Tobacco or Snuff' exceeding refpedively the Weight of Two Pounds; all Coffee exceeding the Weight of Two Pounds;, all Malt exceeding the Quantity of Half a Barrel; all Sugar exceeding the Weight of Fifty fix Pounds; all Hops exceeding the Weight of Fifty fix Pounds; all Tea exceeding the Weight of Two rounds; and all Foreign Silks in Pieces exceeding Haft Pieces; and all Eqfl India Goods, other than Spiceries, that (hall be carrying or conveying, or carried or conveyed from any Part or Place in Ireland to any other Part thereof, whether from any Part of any City or Town to another Part thereof, or from one Town or Place to another Town or Place* may be feized by any Officer or Officers of Cuftoms or Excife, and (hall be fokfeited, unlefs the Carrier or Perfon conveying the fame, or the Perfon in whole Poffeffion the fame (hall be, fhall, on demand made by any fuch Officer, produce to fuch Officer a Permit* purfuant to the Provifions of this Ad* authorifing the Removal of fuch Goods* and (hall allow fuch Officer to iniped and examine fuch Permit.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That whenever any .Malt or Spirituous Liquors, or whenever any Tobacco or Snuff, exceeding the Weight of Ten Pounds, fhall be feized by reaibn or on account of a Permit authorifing the Removal of fuch Malt, Spirituous Liquors, Tobacco or Snuff, not being produced as required by this Ad, then and in every fuch Cafe, beiides the Forfeiture of fuch refpedive Goods, every Horfe or other Bead, and every Cart, Car or other Carriage, and every Boat or other Veffel, carrying, bearing, drawing or containing any luch Goods, (hall, with all Tackle thereto belonging, be forfeited, and may be feized.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That in cafe of the Lofs of any Permit which (hall have been or (hall be duly granted for the Removal of any Goods, if the Carrier or Perfon in whole Poffeffion fuch Goods (hall be found (hall make Proof, on Oath or Affirmation, of the Circumftances of the Lofs of fuch Permit; and if the Perfon or Perfons who fhall have fent fuch Goods under fuch Permit fluff alfo make Proof, on Oath or Affirmation, before any CommiffiDnff of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or Commifiioner of Inland Excife and Taxes* according, to their refpedive Jurifdidions* or before the

Colledot

A.D. 1910.

5*> GEO. UL

C\ 107*'

57ft

Collector of Cuftomsor Excife refpe&ively, or before'any Sub Com-

mifiloner of Cuftoms or Excife witliin their refpe&ive Diftri&s, that

fuch Permit was not ufed, or intended to be ufed, to his Knowledge or that Permit

or Belief, fraudulently to cover or prote& any other Goods, but was ™

taken out for the particular Goods fo found in the Poffeflion of fuch J^Sftuidu-

Carrier or other Perfon, fuch Goods (hall thereupon be reftored to lently.

the Owner or Proprietor thereof, and a new Permit (hall be granted Goods restored,

to fuch Owner or Proprietor for the Removal of the Goods to the &c.

Place of their Deftination.

XIII.	And be it further enadted, That if the Carriage of any Time limited

Goods (hall, by any unavoidable Accident, be prevented from being by Permit manfully performed within the time limited in any Permit granted for 0,1 Nptice be the Removal thereof, then, on Notice being immediately given to	.

any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, and a Reft or Stay being made thereofT”6” * of fuch Goods at or near* the Place where fuch Accident (hall

happen, the Officer (hall without Delay repair to the Place where * fuch Goods (hall then be, and if fuch Officer (hall find that fuch Goods were ftopped or delayed in their Carriage by fuch Accident, then fuch Officer (hall thereupon, by Endorsement on fuch Permit, enlarge the time for the Carriage of luch Goods to the Place of theip firft Deftination.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That in all Cafes where When Entergy the Carriage of any Goods (hall, by means of any unavoidable mentoftnn* Accident, be prevented from being performed within the time limited

by the Permit, and when fuch Enlargement of the time of the Force or fuch Permit could not have been obtained as aforefaid, then in all ptooTAst fuch Cafes, upon the Trial of any Information for the Forfeiture fhity has been of all fuch Goods for Want of a fufficient Permit, fuch Goods (hall paid, &c.

. be reftored upon Proof being made to the Satisfa&ion of the Court who (hall try fuch Information, that the Duties chargeable on the fame were paid, fecured or fatisfied according to Law, and that ' fuch Permit was taken out for the identical Goods feized, and that fuch Permit was not ufed or intended to be ufed to cover or prote& any other Goods, and that fuch Delay arofe from unavoidable Accident, and that fuch Enlargement or the time of the Force of the Permit as aforefaid could not have been obtained; or before any Proceeding inftituted for the Forfeiture of fuch Goods, it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties,	7

or of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them refpe&ively, on Proof made to their Satisfa&ion of the Matters aforefaid, to order > the Goods to be reftored.

XV.	And be it further enadled, That any Officer granting any With Pormit''

Permit for Spirituous Liquors diftilled in Ireland, (ball give there- for Spirits, with a Ticket for each and every Calk or Veffel mentioned in fuch	to

Permit; and the Ticket or Tickets fo to be given with fuch Permit

fhall be numbered in Arithmetical Progreffion, beginning with the which it shall * Number One, and (hall contain the Number and Date of the Permit, be put, de-die Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon to whom granted, the scribing the Name and Place of Abode of the Perfon to whom and the Place Content\ from and to which the Ca(k or Veffel is to be fent, the Number of	f

Gallons of Spirituous Liquors contained in fuch Calk or Veffel, and the time fuch Permit is to remain in Force, with the Officer’s Name fubferibed thereto ; and before the Removal of the Ca(k dr Veffel containing r fuch Spirituous Liquors, the Ticket'which (hall

correfpond



C. 107.

59* GEO. Ill,

A.D. 1819.

fcfot iiiog Ticket to Caak, &c

Penalty. Preventing Ticket from remaining on Caak.

Penalty.

Removing Ticket or drawing Spirits fVom Caak, till ex-amined by Officer, or Casks found without Ticket, 4c.

Penalty.

Permit to be lodged within a limited time witb the proper Officer, who is to examine the Goods, and take Affidavit ns to certain Particulars from the Person co whom the Goods have been delivered.

correfpond with the Contents of fuch Calk or VefTel (hall be affixed on the Head or End thereof (with Pafle made or compofed of Flour and Water boiled together to a proper and fufficient Confidence), in fuch manner as that the Contents of fuch Ticket (hall legibly appear; or in default of affixing and fattening fuch Ticket as de-feribed as afore laid, in manner aforefaid, and cozrefponding in the Particulars aforefaid, or if any Cafk or VefTel containing fuch Spirituous Liquors (hall be found conveying without fuch Ticket fo fattened on the Head or End of fuch Cafk, the Spirituous Liquors, and the Cafk or Cafks containing the fame, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife; or if any Matter, Subttance or Thing, fave and except the Pafte by which fuch Ticket (hall have been affixed or fattened to the Head or End of fuch Cafk or VefTel, (hall be applied to or put between fuch Ticket and the Head or End of fuch Cafk or Veflel, fo as to prevent fuch Ticket from fattening and remaining thereon purfuant to the true Intent and Meaning of this A&, then and in every fuch Cafe refpe&ively, the Spirituous Liquors, and the Cafk containing* the fame, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife.

XVI. And be it further ena&ed. That fuch Ticket (hall not be removed from the Head or End of the Cafk or VefTel on which it (hall have been patted and fattened, and that the Spirituous Liquors, or any Part thereof, (hall not be drawn from fuch Cafk or VefTel, until the fame (hall be examined by the proper Officer, and the Permit, by virtue of which fuch Spirituous Liquors (hall have been conveyed, (hall be lodged with him, and his Certificate thereof obtained; and if any fuen Cafk or VefTel (hall be found, before fuch Certificate (hall be granted, without fuch Ticket thereon, or if the Spirituous Liquors, or any Part thereof, (hall be drawn from fuch Cafk or VefTel before fuch. Certificate (hall be granted, the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Spirituous Liquors were conveying or conveyed (hall forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings for every Galkm of the Spirituous Liquors which fuch Cafk or VefTel (hall be capable of containing, and the Cafk in which the fame (hall have been contained, together with all Spirituous Liquors fo conveying or conveyed, or which (hall be difeovered to have been fo conveyed, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Perfon or Perfons to whom any Goods (hall be Tent and delivered, for the Conveyance of which a Permit is by this A& required, (hall within Twenty four Hours, or in cafe a Sunday or Cbrtftmas Day or Good Friday flull intervene, within Forty eight Hours after the Arrival of fuch Goods at the Place of their Deftination, or after the Expiration of the time limited in fuch Permit, whichever (hall fooneft happen, repair with fuch Permit to the proper Officer of Excife, and (hall lodge the fame with him; and every fuch Officer (hall, within Twenty* four Hours after fuch Permit (hall have been fo lodged with him* carefully examine fuch Goods, and upon Affidavit, Oath or Affirm. ation made at the Foot of, or endorfed on the Duplicate of tfee Certificate, by the Perfon to whom fuch Goods (hall be delivered* or, in cafe of his or her Inability to attend, by his or her ksown Clerk, which Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation fuch Officer is hrrrbj authorifed and required to adminitter without Fee or &cjnurd>

A.D.18I9.

*9* GEO. nr.

C. 107.

578

the Goods mentioned in fuch Permit, and no more, were, to the beft

of the knowledge and belief of fuch Perfon, really and truly brought

from the Perfon and from the Place mentioned m fuch Permit, and

that fuch Goods were received by and are in the Pofieffion of the

Perfon on whofe behalf fuch Certificate fhall be applied for, and

that the faid Permit was not, to the knowledge or belief of fuch

Perfon fo making fuch Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation, ufed for the

Removal or Prote&ion of any Goods, other than the identical

Goods mentioned in fuch Permit, and received therewith by fuch

Perfon, Jisch Officer fhall, without Fee or Reward, give and deliver Certificate

to the Perfon bringing fuch Permit, a Certificate figned by fuch for

Officer that fuch Permit was lodged with him; and which Certificate	°r..

fhall contain in the Body thereof a Copy of fuch Permit, without	m

Endure or Alteration, and the Day of granting fuch Certificate,

and (hall be in fuch Form as the Comroiffioners of Inland Excife

and Taxes, or any Three of them, fhall from time to time dire& and appoint; and fuch Certificate fhall pro ted the Goods fo long as the fame fhall continue of force: Provided always, that whenever any Wine fhall have been duly removed by Permit, according to Law, into the Pofieffion of any Perfon in Ireland not concerned in the felling of or dealing in Wine, for the private Ufe and Confumption of fuch Perfon, fuch Perfon fhall not be required, or compelled or compellable to lodge fuch Permit with any Officer of Excife, nor to obtain any Certificate thereof from fuch Officer; and that no fuch Wine in the Pofieffion of any fuch Perfon in Ireland, for the private Ufe and Confumption of fuch Perfon, fhall be liable to Forfeiture or Seizure, nor fhall be forfeited or feized for or on account of the notproducing the Certificate of fuch Permit.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Certificate fhall be in force, or (hall pro ted or cover any Goods for any longer time than for the Space of Three Calendar Months after fuch Certificate fhall be granted ; and that at or before the End or Expiration of fuch time, and fo from time to time at or before the End or Expiration of every fubfequent Period of Three Calendar Months, the proper Officer fhall, upon Application made to him for that Purpole, grant, without Fee or Reward, a new Certificate for fuch Goods, or for fo much thereof as fhall appear to fuch Officer, upon Examination thereof, to be on hand and undifpofed of at the time of fuch new Certificate being granted; and fo from time to time the former Certificate fhall be delivered up to the Officer granting fuch new Certificate.

XIX.	And be it ena&ed, That the proper Officer or Officers of Excife fhall take an Account of the Stock of all Retailers of and Dealers in any of the Goods in this A& mentioned, and fhall keep a full and true Account thereof in a Book to be called a Certificate Book, to be given to fuch Retailer or Dealer, and to be kept by him as herein mentioned $ and every fuch Officer fhall on every Vifit enter in fuch Book an Account of the Stock fo taken by him; and in all Cafes where a Permit fhall be required for the fub-feqnent Removal of any Goods, the Retailer or Dealer fhall produce to the Permitting Officer his faid Certificate Book, and oppofite to the Officer’s Account of Stock the Retailer or Dealer (hall enter the Quantity of the Goods to be permitted, and the Name and Names of the Perfon or Perfons from whoip and to whom, and the Place

from

Permit for Wine removing for private Use, not required to be lodged.

Certificate to be in force Three Months only; but may be renewed without Pea.

Officer to take Account of ' Stock of Dealers, and enter tame into Dealer's Certificate Book.

Dealers to enter therein Quantity of Goods

C. 107.

59° geo. m.

A.D. 181t.

Certificate Book to be delivered up Quarterly.

Penalty led. and no Permit.

Certificate to be fastened in Certificate Book.

Permit not granted unless Person apply* ing entitled to corresponding CtedibADd make .Oath, &«.

If Certificate not fastened. Entry not a Protection.

Permit for Removal of Goods imported, to be lodged at Excise Office, and Qtrtiftffrte obtidtad.

from which and to which to be fent, and the fame (hall be figned hr fuch Retailer or Dealer, or by his known Clerk; and every fucn Retailer or Dealer (hall, within Ten Days next after the Fifth Day of April\ the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of 0 Sober, and the Fifth Day of January in every Year, as the Cafe may be, deliver every fucn Certificate Book to the proper Officer of Excife, or in any Default thereof (hall, in all or any of the faid Cafes refpe&ively, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; and no Permit (hall be granted for the Removal of any of the Goods aforefaid from any Retailer or Dealer, after he or (he ought to have fo delivered fuch Certificate Book as aforefaid, until he or (he (hall have fo delivered up the fame.

XX* And be it ena&ed, That every Certificate (hall be faftened in fuch Certificate Book by the Retailer or Dealer, and (hall fo remain . until the Force of fuch Certificate or Certificates, from time to time to be granted as aforefaid, (hall have expired, and a new Certificate (hall have been obtained in the Place of the fame, for fo much of the Goods as (hall remain on Hands at the End of each Quarter, or until the Whole of the Quantity contained in the Certificate (hall be dif-pofed of, whichever (hall fooneft happen ; and fuch new or Quarterly Certificate (hall be faftened by the Retailer or Dealer in fuch Certificate Book, and which (hail in like manner fo remain therein whilft any Part of the Goods for which the original Permit had been granted (hall remain on Hands ; and no Officer (nail grant any Permit on the Credit of fuch Certificate Book, unlefs it (hall appear by the Certificate annexed thereto, that the Perfon applying for fuch Permit * is entitled to Credit for the Quantity of Goods for which he or (he requires fuch Permit, nor unlefs fuch Perfon, or his or her principal Clerk, make Oath or Affirmation, as the Cafe may be, that the Goods for which he or (he requires fuch Permit, were received with a legal Permit, and that the Duties thereon have been duly paid, to the beft of his or her knowledge and belief; and no Entry of any Officer in any Book (hall be fumcient to protect any Goods from Forfeiture and Seizure, unleft the Certificate purfnant to the Provifions aforefaid (hall remain faftened to the faid Certificate Book.

XXI. And be it further ena&ed. That whenever any Goods, Wares or Merchandife whatever imported into Ireland, for the Removal of which from any one Place to another a Permit is by Law required, (hall be intended to be removed out of the Cuftodv of any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, or from any Warehouse in which the fame (hall have been lodged and fecured, a Permit (hall be granted by the Permit Officer of the Cuftoms at the Port from which fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandife are to be removed; and that upon the Arrival of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandife at the Place of Deftination, the Perfon to whom the fame (hall be fent, or in cafe of his or her Inability to attend, the known Clerk of fuch Perfon, (hall within Twenty four Hours, or in cafe a Sunday* Gbrifimas Day or Good Friday (hall intervene, within Forty eight Hours after the Arrival of fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandife at the Place of their Deftination, or after the time limited in fuch Permit, lodge fuch Permit at the Excife Permit Office, or with the Surveyor or Officer of Excife, and obtain a Certificate thereof, figned by the proper Officer purfuant to the Provifions of this Ad.

XXII- And

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. 1H.

C. 107.

575

XXII. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for any Oafh to be Officer or Officers of Cuftoms or Excife, according to their refpe&ive “tl°f Jurifdi&ions, granting or renewing any Permit or Certificate, to ^fore examine upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation he Permit or Cer-m hereby authori fed and required to adminifter), any Perfon or	i« given.

1 Perfon a applying for fuch Permit or Certificate, whether the Duty was a&ually paid for the Goods for wliich fuch Permit or Certificate (hall be fo demanded, and alfo the Identity of fuch Goods, and to all	•	^

fuch Matters as (hall appear to fuch Officer or Officers necefiary to fadsfy him or them that the Duties payable on fuch Goods had been duly paid ; and if any fuch Perfon (hall refufe to take fuch Oath er Affirmation, as fuch Officer (hall in that behalf require him or her to take, it (hall be lawful for fuch Officer to refufe to grant or renew fuch Permit or Certificate.

XXIII.	And be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for Premise* ta*y any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife to enter into any Houfe, Out- b* tnamsd-sad houfe, Store or other Place, belonging to any Perfon or Perfona	^

dealing in, ftoring or having in his, her or their Cuftody or Pdffeffioa ^'p^uced, any o? the Goods in this A& fpecified, and to demand a Permit, or Proof given figned by the proper Officer, for fuch Goods as (hall be founa that it h*s been therein ; and on demand made by any fuch Officer of Cuftoms h*1* or Excife, fuch Permit, or a Certificate in force fufficient to prote& torfefced. the faid Goods according to the Provifions of this A&, (hall not be produced within reafonable time after fuch Demand, or Proof	,	'

made that fuch Permit or Certificate had been granted for the faid Goods, and was afterwards loft or mifiaid, then all fuch Goods (ball be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any Officer of	1

Cuftoms or Excife.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Increaf* Increase of (hall be found in the Stock of any Perfon dealing in or (taring any Stock Babb to fuch Goods as aforefaid, above the Quantity which, by Permit or Forfeiture*

Permits, or by Certificate or Certificates, ought to be in the Poffeflion

of fuch Perfon, it (hall and may be lawful for any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife to feize, out of any Part of the Stock of fuch Perfon, a Quantity of any fuch Goods equal to the Quantity fo found increafed, and the fame (hall be forfeited.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed. That in every Cafe where the Where Stock Stock of Spirituous Liquors in the Stores or Poffeflion of any Fa&or of Spirits lest or other Perfon dealing in or ftoring Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, th*n Officer** not being licenfed to lell Spirituous Liquors by Retail, (hall be lefs ^^tTcm Cornet than the Quantity of Spirituous Liauors which by the Stock (not being Account kept by the Officer of Excite ought to be in4the Stores licensed).

or Poffeflion of fuch Fadtar or other Perfon, every fuch Fa&or or other Perfon fhall for every time fuch Decreafe (hall appear, forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Gallon of Spirituous Liquors which (hall be fo deficient.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded, That if any Queftion (hall arife Proof of Id*n-whether any Goods for the Conveyance or Prote&ion of which any ^9 ^

Permit or Certificate (hall be produced, are bondJide fuch Goods as np0n are described and fpecified in fuch Permit or Certificate, the Proof of fuch Goods being really and bonjiRde of the Defcription fpecified in fuch Permit or Certificate (hall lie upon the Owner ortlaiirfer thereof.	.	*

' *	XXVII. And

576

C. 107*

59° GEO. III.

A.T). 1819.

Officer not to grant Permit on Credit of Two or more Certificates, unless Person applying shall not have sufficient Credit an One.

Certificates or Endorsement unduly ekerad,

vefced.

Penalty tool. Dealers not admitting Officers to inspect Pro*

Penalty 50I. Refusing to shew Stock, or to furnish lights, Scales, Ike. to Officer.

Ptnakyaoli

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall not be lawful for any Officer of Excife to grant any Permit for any Goods on the Credit of Two or more Certificates, unlefs the Perfon applying for fuch Permit (hall not have fufficient Credit on one Certificate for the Quantity and Quality or Kind of Goods for which fuch Permit (hall be required 5 and every Officer granting any Permit for any fuch Goods, upon the Credit of any Certificate or Certificates, (hall endorfe on fuch Certificate or Certificates the Date and Number of fuch Permit, and the Quantity and Quality of the Goods for which the fame (hall be granted, and the Marks and Numbers of the Caflcs, Veffels or other Packages, or Mark and Number of the Ca(k, VefTel or other Package containing the fame, and the Name of the Perfon to whom and the Place to which fuch Goods are to be carried under fuch Permit.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any fuch Certificate, or any of fuch Endorsements made thereon, (hall be fraudulently erafed, obliterated or altered, it (hall and may be lawful for the (aid Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, to annul or revoke or withdraw any Licence which ftiall have been granted under the Authority of fuch Commiflioner to the Perfon or Perfons whofe Certificate, or any Endorfement thereupon, (hall have been fo erafed, obliterated or altered; and every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Officer of Excife (hall not be admitted into any Houfe, Shop, Store or other Place belonging to any Dealer in or Retailer of any Goods, for the Removal of which a Permit is required by this A&, after fuch Officer (hall have demanded Admittance into the fame, and declared his Name and Bufinefs, and after having waited for the Space of One Quarter of an Hour after fuch Demand made at fuch Houfe, Shop, Store or other Place, fuch Dealer or Retailer aforefaid (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXX.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon dealing in, ftoring, or having in his or her Poffeffion any of the Goods for which a Permit is by this A& required, (hall, as often as he or (he (hall be required by any Officer of Excife, (hew to fuch Officer all his or her Stock of all and every fuch Goods, and every Box or Prefs, Package, Cheft, Calk or Veffel, ufed by him or her in the ftoring or kieping the fame, and (hall fumifh fuch Officer with fufficient Light, and with juft and fufficient Scales, Weights and Meafures for weighing and meafuring fuch Stock, and (hall provide proper and fumcknt Affiftants for that Purpofe; and if any fuch Perfon (hall not, on demand of any Officer as aforefaid, (hew his or her Stock of all or any of the Goods aforefaid, and every Part thereof, or (hall not fumifh fuch Officer with fufficient Light, or with juft and fufficient Scales, Weights or Meafures, or (hall not provide proper aud fufficient Affiftants to weigh or meafure the fame, as the cafe may be, or (hall not declare the Stock of all or any of fuch Goods fo (hewn to be the entire Stock of fuch Goods refpe&ively then on Hands of fuck Perfon, every fuch Perfon offending in any of the refpe&ive Cafes hereinbefore mentioned, (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sam of Twenty Pounds; and if any Officer or Officers aforefaid fhaft, upon Search, difeover any fuch Goods in the Poffeffion of an^ fuch

I

1

A.D. 1819.

59* GKO. III.

C.I07.

577

Perfon which {hall not have been (hewn as aforefaid, theft all fuch Goods fo difeovered (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any fuch Officer.

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall not be lawful for any Perfon licenfed to fell Spirits to fend or deliver out, under any Permit, any Spirits which fhall be of a lefs Degree of Strength than the Strength at which fuch Perfon fhall have received the fame ; and if any fuch Perfon fhall fo fend or deliver out under Permit any Spirits which fhall be of a lefs Strength than as aforefaid, all fuen Spirits which fhall be fa fent out or delivered fhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, and every fuch Perfon. fhall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds : Provided always, that no fuch Forfeiture or Penalty fhall be incurred, nor any faph Seizure made, for or by reafon of any Deficiency of Strength of fuch Spirits not more than Three per Centum below the Strength of fuch Spirits fpecified in fuch Permit; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever any Spirits di(billed in Ireland\ and upon which the full Duties payable by Law fhall not have been paid, fecured or fatisfied, fhall be conveyed or delivered to any Perfon or Perfons, or fhall be found paffing or in the courfe of Conveyance or Delivery to, or in the Cuftody or Pof-feffion of any Perfon or Perfons, by virtue of or under pretext of any Permit or Permits, every Perfon who fhall have obtained or made ufe of fuch Permit, or in whofe Name or for whofe Ufe fuch Permit fhall be granted, fhall forfeit the Sum of Thirty Shillings Britijh Currency for every Gallon of Spirits mentioned in fuch Permit or Permits, by virtue or under pretext whereof fuch Spirits fhall have been conveyed, or fhall be found paffing or in the courfe of Conveyance, or in the Cuftody or PofTeffion of .any Perfon, and all fuch Spirits fhall be forfeited and may be feized ; and every Officer of Excife who fhall knowingly or wilfully grant any Permit for the Conveyance of any fuch Spirits, fhall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Britijh Currency ; and the Proof that all Duties have been paid, fecured or fatisfied on fuch Spirits, fhall lie on the Claimant, or Defendant.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever in Ireland fhall obtain or procure, or caufe to be obtained or procured, any Permit for the Removal from one Place to .another of any Goods, f within the time limited in fuch Permit, all the Goods by fuch Permit authorifed to be removed fhall not be actually and really removed and delivered purfuant to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, or in cafe fuch Goods fhall not be delivered to the Perfon or Perfons and at the Place mentioned in fuch Permit as/ the Perfon or Perfons to whom and the Place to which fuch Goods are by fuch Permit purported to be conveyed, then and in every fiicli refpe&ive Cafe and Cafes aforefaid the Perfon or Perfons obtaining or procuring fuch Permit, or caufing fuch Permit to be obtained or procured, or the Perfon or Perfons for whofe Ufe or Benefit, whether in part or in the whole, fuch Permit fhall be obtained or procured, fhall forfeit for all fuch Goods named in fuch Permit the refpe&ive Sums or Penalties hereinafter mentioned ; (that is to fayr for every Gallon of Wine, the Sum of Ten Shillings ; for every Cjraxlon of Spirituous Liquors, the Sum of Ten Shilling's ; for every

59 Geo. III.	P	p	Pound

and Officer may seize Goods not shewn.

Spirits sent out of a less Degree of Strength than received, forfeited, and Penalty ycL

Deficiency of 3 per Cent, in Strength allowed.

Spirits on which Duty has not been paid not' ' protected by Permit.

Penalty and Forfeiture of Spirits.

Officer unduly granting Permit, Penalty aocl. British.

Persons not removing or delivering Goods according to Permit, &c. f Sic*

Penalties.

578

C. 107.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Permit not lodged within time limited.

Penalty aol.

Duplicates of Permits or Certificates to contain certain Particulars.

Such Duplicate sufficient.

Duplicates Proof of issuing Permits or Certificate.

Pound Weight of Tobacco, Snuff, Coffee or Tea refpe&ively, the Sum of Ten Shillings; for every Barrel of Malt, the Sum of Ten Shillings; for every Hundred Weight of Hops or Sugar refpedtively, the Sum of Twenty Shillings ; for every Gallon of Metheglin, Mead, Sweats or Made Wines, or Vinegar, the Sum of Five Shillings ; for every Piece of Silk, and for every Article of Eajl India Goods, the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and upon the Trial of any Information for Recovery of any of the faid Penalties or Sums c£ Money, the Defendant or Defendants therein (hall be convi&ed, unlefs Proof (hall be made by fuch Defendant or Defendants that all the Goods for the Removal of which fuch Permit was fo obtained or procured were actually brought from the Perfon and Place mentioned in fuch Permit, and were actually delivered to the Perfon and at the Place exprefled in fuch Permit.

XXXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Permit, which (hall be fent with any Goods to any Dealer in or Retailer of fuch Goods, frail not be lodged with the proper Officer within the refpe&ive times limited and appointed for the lodging of fuch Permit, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Dealer or Retailer (hall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Duplicate of any Permit or Certificate of a Permit, or Renewal of any Certificate refpe&ively, frail contain fuch Particulars as (hall from time to time be directed by the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and of Inland Excife and Taxes, according to their refpe&ive Jurisdictions, or any Three of them refpe&ively ; and the Duplicate of any Permit frail alfo contain the following Particulars ; that is to fay, the Number and Date of fuch Permit, the Diftrift where ifiued, and the Place from and to which the Goods therein mentioned are to be carried, and frail exprefs the Quantity and particular Kind of fuch Goods, and the refpe&ive Name and Surname, and Place of Abode, of the Perfon or Perfons fending fuch Goods, and of the Perfon or Perfons to whom to be fent, ana in cafe of a Company or Copartner-fr ip, the Name of the Firm, Company or Copartnerfrip, and the time for which fuch Permit frail be of force ; and the Duplicate of any Certificate of any Permit frail, in addition to the foregoing Particulars, contain the Number and Date of fuch Certificate, and the Dif-tri& where ifiued ; and every Duplicate of any Renewal of any Certificate frail contain the Number and Date of fuch Renewal, and the DiftriA where iiTued, and the Date and Number of the Certificate of which the fame frail be a Renewal, and the Quantity and particular Kind of the Goods then on Hands, and for the Protedtion of which fuch Renewal of Certificate frail be required; and every fuch Duplicate as aforefaid frail be deemed and taken to contain a Sufficient Defcription of fuch Permit or Certificate refpe&ively, and frail be deemed and taken as a Duplicate thereof refpe&ively within the meaning of this Adt, and it frail not be neceflary to fet forth other-wife or therein more fully the Contents of any fuch Permit or Certificate refpe&ively.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever any Complaint or Information frail be made or profecuted, touching any Matter relating to or concerning any Permit or Certificate, whenever it may be neceflary to prove the granting or ifluing of any fuch Permit or Certificate, the Duplicate of fuch Permit or Certificate refpe£H*eljr

A. D. 1319.

5J)# GEO. 111.

C. 107.

S79

/hall in all Cafes be deemed and taken, and Ihall be admitted as Evw dence that fuch Permit or Certificate was granted and iffued according to the Purport of fuch Duplicate, without producing or requiring the Produ&ion of the original Permit or Certificate which had been granted; and it (hall not be neceffary to prove any Order of the Com-miffioners of Cuftoms or Excife, appointing or directing the Form of any fuch Permit or Certificate, or of any Duplicate thereof refpe&vely.

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That when any Perfon or Perfons ihall obtain or procure, or caufe to be obtained or procured, any Permit or Certificate, or when any Permit or Certificate (hall be obtained or procured for the Ufe of any Perfon or Perfons, and (hall have been ufed accordingly, every fuch Permit and Certificate refpe&ively (hall be taken to be good and effe&ual as again!! the Perfon or Perfons who (hall have obtained or procured, or caufe to be obtained or procured, or for whofe Ufc fuch Permit or Certificate was obtained or procured, ae the cafe may be, and by and for whom or on^whofc behalf the fame had been ufed ; and upon the Trial of any Information or other Proceeding refpe&ively, in any manner touching or concerning any fuch Permit or Certificate, it (hall not be competent to or for any fuch Perfon or Perfons to allege any Informality or DefeA in any fuch Permit or Certificate.

XXXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, Tliat if any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife authorifed to grant Permits, Coaft Cockets, Certificates or Tickets, (hall deliver out or fuffer to be delivered out any Paper prepared or provided or appointed by tha Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, or of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland\ to be ufed for Permits, Coaft Cockets, Certificates or Tickets, in blank, or before fuch Permit, Coaft Cocket, Certificate or Ticket refpe&ively (hall be filled up and iffued, purfuant to the Dire&ions of this A&; or if any fuch Officer (hall knowingly give or grant any falfe or untrue Permit, Coaft Cocket, Certificate or Ticket, or /hall make any falfe or untrue Entry in the Duplicate of any Permit, Coaft Cocket, Certificate or Ticket, given or granted by him, or fhall knowingly and willingly receive or take any Goods into the Stock of any Perfon or Perfons, brought in with any falfe, untrue or forged Permit or Coaft Cocket, or (hall knowingly and willingly grant any Permit or Coaft Cocket for the Removal of any Goods out of and from the Stock of any Perfon or Perfons who (hall have received or retained any fuch Goods under or by virtue or pretext of mny fuch falfe, forged or untrue Permit, Coaft Cocket or Certificate j or if any fuch Officer (hall knowingly permit or fuffer the fame to be done, dire&ly or indire&ly ; every fuch Officer fo offending, being thereof lawfully convi&ed, (hall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Per-fons (hall fraudulently alter or erafe any Permit, Coaft Cocket, Ticket or Certificate, alter the fame (hall have been refpeftively granted by the proper Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, or if any Perfon or Perfona (hall knowingly or willingly give any altered or erafed, falfe or untrue Permit, Coaft Cocket, Ticket or Certificate, or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall knowingly or willingly accept on receive any altered or erafed, falfe or untrue Permit, Coaft Cocket or Certificate, vrifcb or for any Goods, or if any Perfon or Perfons (hall knowingly

Pp 2	or

Permits Mid Certificates effectual against Persons obtaining them;

and Informality not to be ailedged on Trial-

Officer delivering out blank Permits, Ac. granting false ones, or making false Entries, Ac. or permitting the

Penalty looL

Unduly altering Permits, or using false ones, &c.

C. 107.

59° GEG. III.

A JO. 1819.

Penalty iool.

Counterfeiting Permits, &c. or giving or receiving or using them.

Transportation 7 Years.

Paper and Plates, &c. for Permits, &c. to be made by Persons appointed by Commissioners.

Making or having Frames or Moulds in Possession for making such Paper, or engraving or having such Plates, in Imitation of those authorised by Commissioners.

or willingly utter or make ufe of any fuch Permit, Coaft Cockct, Ticket or Certificate, every Perfon fo offending (hall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds. .

XL. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons fhall at any time counterfeit or forge, or caufe or procure to be counterfeited or forged, or aflift in counterfeiting or forging, any Permit, Coaft Cocket or Ticket, or any Part of any fuch Permit, Coaft Cocket or Ticket, or any Certificate of any Permit, or any Part of fuch Certificate ; or fhall counterfeit any Impreffion, Stamp or Mark, or caufe or procure to be counterfeited, or aflift in the counterfeiting any Imprefiion, Stamper Mark, provided or appointed or to be provided or appointed by the Commiflioners of Cultoms and Port Duties, or of Inland Excife and Taxes refpeftively for the time being, or any Three of them, according to their refpe&ive Jurifdic-tionsj to be put to or upon fuch Permit, Coaft Cockct, Ticket or Certificate refpe&ively ; or fhall give or make ufe of any counterfeited or forged Permit, Coaft Cocket, Ticket or Certificate, knowing the fame or any Part thereof to be forged or counterfeited ; or fhall make ufe of any Permit, Coaft Cockct, Ticket or Certificate, with any fuch counterfeited Impreffion, Stamp or Mark, knowing the fame to be counterfeited f or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any counterfeited or forged Permit, Coaft Cocket, Ticket or Certificate* or fhall knowingly or willingly receive any Certificate founded on any counterfeited or forged Permit; every fuch Perfon or Perfons, being thereof legally convi&cd in any of the refpe&ive Cafe or Cafes aforefaid, fhall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhall be tranfported for the Term of Seven Years.

XLI. And be it further ena&ed, That where the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland fhall at any time have heretofore provided, or fhall at any time hereafter provide Moulds or Frames for the making of Paper to be ufed for Permits for the Removal of any Goods, or for Certificates of fuch Permits, or for Tickets to be affixed on any Calk or Veflel removed under Permit, with any Words or Figures vifible in the Subftance of fuch Paper, and have heretofore provided, or fhall hereafter from time to time provide, Plates engraved with certain Stamps, Marks and Devices, or Types caft in any particular Form for the printing, ftamping and marking the faid Paper, all Permits, Certificates and Tickets, for the Purpofes aforefaid, fhall be printed by or with the faid Plates or Types on Paper fo made; which faid Paper fhall be made, and the faid Plates engraven, and Types caft by fuch Perfon or Perfons as have been or fhall be for that Purpofe from time to time authorifed and appointed by the faid Commiflioners, or any Three of them, under their Hands and Seals.

XL 11. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons not authorifed and appointed by the faid Commiflioners as aforefaid, and not for the Ufe of the faid Commiflioners, fhall make, or caufe or procure to be made, or fhall knowingly aid or affill in the making, or without being fo authorifed or appointed fhall knowingly have in his, her or their Cuftody or Pofleflion, • without lawful Excufe (the Proof whereof fhall lie on the Perfon accufed), any Frame, Mould or Inftrument for the making of Paper, with the Words, Marks or Devices peculiar to and appearing in the Subftance of the Paper ufed by the faid Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes for fuch Per-•	.	mits,

A.D. 1819*

59° GEO. III.

C* 107*

581

mit8. Certificates or Tickets, or with any or Part of fuch Words, Marks or Devices, or of any of them, intended to imitate and pafs for the fame ; or if any Perfon (except as before excepted) /hall make, or caafe or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or aflift in the making any Paper, in the Subftance of which the Words, Marks or Devices peculiar to or appearing in the Subftance of the Paper ufed by the faid Commiflioners for fuch Permits, Certificates or Tickets, or any or Part of fuch Words, Marks or Devices, or of any of them, intended to imitate and pafs for the fame, (hall be vi fible ; or if any Perfon (except as before excepted) fhall knowingly have in his or her Cuftody or Poffeflion, without lawful Excufe, (the Proof whereof (hall he on the Perfon accufed,) any Paper whatever, in the Subftance of which the Words, Maries or Devices peculiar to and appearing in the Subftance of Paper ufed by the faid Commiflioners for fuch Permits, Certificates or Tickets, or any or Part of fuch Words, Marks or Devices, or of any of them, intended to imitate and pafs for the fame, (hall be vifible ; or if any Perfon (except as before excepted) (hall, by any Art, Myf-tery or Contrivance, caufe or procure, or knowingly aid or aflift in cauiing or procuring the Words, Marks or Devices peculiar to and appearing in the Subftance of the Paper ufed by the faid Com-miflioners for fuch Permits, Certificates or Tickets, or any or Part of faid Words, Marks or Devices, or of any of them, intended to imitate and pafs for the fame, to appear vifible in the Subftance of any Paper whatever ; or if any Perfon (not authorifed or appointed as aforefaid) (hall engrave, caft, cut or make, or caufe to be engraved, call, cut or made, any Plate, Type or other thing in Imitation of or to refemble any Plate or Type made or ufed by the Dire&ion of the faid Commiflioners for the purpofe of marking or printing of the Paper to be ufed for fuch Permits, Certificates or Tickets; every Perfon fo offending in any of the Cafes aforefaid (hall be adjudged a Felon, and (hall be tranfported for the Term of his or her .Life, or for the Term of Seven Years, as the Court who (hall try fuch Perfon (hall dire&.

XLIIL. And be it further ena&ed, That in all Cafes where any Goods, Wares or Merchandife (hall be forfeited and liable to be feized under any of the Provifions of this A&, all Calks, Jars, Bottles and other Veffels, Cafes, Sacks, Bags, and aH and every Package and Covering whatfoever in which fuen Goods, Wares or Merchandife fhall be round, (hall alfo be forfeited, and may be feized.

XLIV. And be it ena&ed, That all Contra&s, Promifes, Af-fumptions, Bills, Notes, Bonds, Judgments or other Securities, where the Whole or any Part of the Confideration thereof refpe&ively (hall be for the Value or Price of any Goods for the Removal of which a Permit is by this A& required, and with which fuch Permit (hall not have been given, or which (hall be for the Value or Price of any greater Quantity of fuch Goods than that exprefled in the Permit which (hall have been given therewith, (hall as to. all fuch Value or JPrice refpe&ively be null and void, and no A&ion or Suit (hall be maintained or maintainable in any Court of Law or Equity for the Recovery of any fuch Value or Price refpe&ively ; and it fuch Goods fhall have been fold for ready Money, or if the Perfon or Perfons felling the fame (hall otherwife have been paid or fatisfied for the Value. or Price thereof^ it (hall be lawful for the Perfon or Perfons -	P p 8	who

Assisting, &c.

Transportation,

Forfeiture of Goods to include Casks and Package.

Contracts, Ac. for Goods requiring a Permit and none given, or when Goods greater m Quantity than expressed in Permit, such Contracts, &c. void; and where Money has been paid it may be recovered.

582

C.107.

59* GEO. III.

A.D. 181 %

Permits no Protection for Goods against Forfeiture, unless Proof of Duty paid, &c.

False swearing.

Perjury.

Recovery and Application of Forfeitures.

14 fc 15 C. *. (1.; Sess.4. c. 8.

46 G.3. c. 106.

who (hall have fo paid or fatisfied fuch Value or Price, to recover from the Seller 0/ fuch Goods the Amount of the Value or Price of fuch Goods for which fuch Permit for the fame (hall not have been given, or of fo much of fuch Goods as {ball exceed the Quantity mentioned in the Permit for conveying the fame, as the cafe may be, to be filed for and recovered by A&ion of Debt or on the Cafe in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Dublin, or by Civil Bill in a Court of competent Jurifdi&ion; and fuch Permit, or the Duplicate thereof, or any Certificate granted by any Officer of the Revenue in lieu of fuch Permit, fhall be Evidence of the Quantity mentioned ill fuch Permit.

‘ XLV. And Whereas it frequently happens that Permits and 4 Certificates are obtained fraudulently, in order to prote& Goods 4 the Duties on which have not been paid For Remedy whereof 1>e it ena&ed, That if any Goods for the Conveyance of which a Permit is by this A& required fhall be feized for any Breach of any of the Laws relating to the Revenue of Cufloms or Excife in Ireland, fuch Goods fhall be condemned and adjudged forfeited, not-withilanding that the Claimant fhall prove that a Permit was pro-duced when fuch Goods were conveying from one Place to another, or that a Permit or Certificate was 'produced after fuch Goods had been conveyed, unlefs the Claimant fhall alfo prove in fuch Cafe the Payment of the Duties for the identical Goods fo feized, or the Sale of fuch Goods had by reafon or in confequence of a Forfeiture and Condemnation thereof (as the cafe may happen.)

XLVI. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon who fhall take any Oath or make any Affirmation by this A61 required to be taken or made, fhall wilfully or knowingly fwear or affirm falfely therein, every fuch Perfon being duly convi&ed thereof fhall fufier the Pains and Penalties to which Perfons guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are or fhall be fubje& by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Perfon fhall corruptly procure or fubom any other Perfon or Perfons to fwear or affirm falfely in any fuch Oath or Affirmatioo, every fuch Perfon being duly convi&ed of fuch procuring or fub-orning fhall for every fuch Offence incur and fuffer fuch Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Difabilities, as Perfons convi&ed of Subornation of Perjury are refpe&ively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland. .

XLV 11. And be it further ena&ed, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this A& fhall be paid and payable in Briti/h Currency, and fhall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, paid, fued for, recovered and applied, in fuch manner, and under fuch Powers and Authorities, and by fuch Ways and Methods, and according to fuch Rules and Dire&ions, as are appointed, dire&ed and exprefled for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an A& made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majeftv King Charles the Second, intituled An AH for the fettling of the Exetfe or new Impojl upon His MajtJiy, His Heirs and Succeffors, according to the Book of Rates therm inferted; or in and by an A& made in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, inti* tuled An A3 to provide for the better Execution of the feveral Ads relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commiffioners of Cujloms and Port Duties, and of the Commif f oners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland f or in and by any other

A&

A.D. 18191

59* GEO. III.

583

C }07,108.

Aft or Afts in force in Inland relating to the Revenues of Cuftoms and Excife, or either of them, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enafted j with the like Remedy of Appeal to and tor the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the laid recited A ft of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majefty King Charles the Second, or any other Aft or Afts as aforelaid, is provided.

XLVIII. And be it enafted, That this Aft fhall commence and take effeft from and after the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, except in Cafes where any other time is exprefsly mentioned for tie Commencement of any Provifion in this Aft contained.

CAP. CVIII.

An Aft to amend fcveral Afts relating to the Port Office and Conveyance of Letters in Ireland.	[12th July 1819.]

*	TT7HEREAS by an Aft palled in the Parliament of Ireland,, 4 VV in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of His pre-4 fent Majefty’s Reign, for eftablifhing a Poft Office there, it is en-4 afted, that fo often as any Deputy or Deputies, or other Perfon or

*	Perfons to be employed in receiving or collefting the Poftage of 4 Letters or Packets, or any of the Revenues of the Poft Office,

*	fhall happen to be in arrear to His Majefty, His Heirs or Suc-4 ceffors, in any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of 4 Ten Pounds, it fhall be lawful for His Majefty, His Heirs and Suc-4 ceflors, to fue for and recover fuch Arrears in a fummary Way, 4 by Procdfs or Civil Bill, in manner by the faid Aft direfted:

4 And Whereas it will be advantageous to the faid Revenue that

*	fuch Mode of Recovery of Arrears (hould be extended to Sums

*	not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds Irijh CurrencyBe it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Aft, fo often as any Deputy or Letter Carrier, or other Perfon or Perfons employed or to be employed in receiving or collefting lie Poftage of Letters or Packets, or any of the Revenues oi the Poft Office in Ireland, fhall happen to be in arrear to His Majefty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, in any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds Irijh Currency, it fhall and may be lawful to and for His Majefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, to fue for and recover from fuch Deputy or Letter Carrier, or other Perfon or Perfons, or from his, her or their refpeftive Surety or Sureties, in a fummary Way, by Procefs or Civil Bill, before the Chairman or Affiftant Barrifter of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, or before the Recorder of the City of Dublin, or Chairman of the Quarter Seffion in the County of Dublin, every fuch Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding Fifty Pounds Irijh Currency in the whole, together with the ufual Cofts upon ferving fuch Deputy, Letter Carrier, or other Perfon or Perfons, or his, her or their Surety or Sureties, or any of them, with Procefs or Civil Bill, Eight clear Days at leaft before the Firft Day of any Quarter Seffions to be held for the County, County of a City, or Cailpty of a Town,

P p 4	in

Commencement of Act

*3 & 14 O.3. c.17. (I.)

Arrears not

exceeding sol. Irish, against Deputies, Let- * ter Carriers, &c. may be recovered by Civil Bill.

Costa.

C. I OS. -

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819,

5S*

Appeal.

-Double Costs.

Postageof printed Notices from Charities, &c. id. per Dozen.

Not to be sealed or watered.

Rates of Postage.

Mails not to pay Tolls more than once a

in which fuch Deputy, Letter Carrier, or other Perfon or Perfons, or his, her or their Surety or Sureties, or any of them, (hall nefide at the time of the Service of tfuch Procefs or Civil Bill; and that if any fuch Deputy or Letter Carrier, or other Perfon or Perfons, or his, her or their Surety or Sureties, or any of them, (hall appeal from any Decree to be made againft him, her or them, or any of them, and fuch Decree (hall on the Hearing of fuch Appeal be affirmed, all and every Perfons and Perfon agamil whom fuch Decree (hall be affirmed, (hall pay to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, Double the Coils of fuch original Decree ; and every fuch Affirmance of fuch Decree (hall be binding and concluiive on all the Parties therein, in all Courts of Law and Equity, and (hall not be queftioned or fet afide.

‘ II. And Whereas it will increafe the Revenue of the faid Poft

*	Office, and accommodate the Public, if Charitable Inftitutions or ‘ Societies (hall be permitted to fend printed Notices .and printed 4 Letters, relating folely to the Bufinefs of fuch Inftitutions or So-4 cieties, by Poft unfealed at reduced Rates of Poftage ;* Be it therefore ena&ed, That all Rates and Duties for the Portage and Conveyance of fuch printed Notices and printed Letters, fent by the Poft in Ireland, payable under any A& or Adis in force in Ireland) immediately before the paffing of this A&, (hall from and liter the palling of this Adi ceafe and determine ; and that from and after the paffing of this Adi it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Poftmafter General of Ireland for the time being, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, Servants and Agents, to and for the Ufe of His Majefly, His Heirs and Succeftors, to demand, have, receive and take, for the Poftage and Conveyance of all Notices or Letters, which (hall be printed on a fingle Sheet of Paper, and (hall relate folely to the Affairs or Bufinefs of any Charitable Inftitution or Society in Ire-land\ and which (hall be delivered into any Poft Office folded and diredled, but without any Seal or Wafer, or other Matter to dot or fallen the fame, and (hall be carried, conveyed or fent Poft from the General Poft Office in Dublin to the feveral Poft Towns in Ireland, or from the feveral Poft Towns in Ireland to the General Poft Office in Dublin, or by the Penny Poft in the City of DnbUn, or any other City or Town in Ireland, according to the Rates following ; (that is to fay), for the Port and Conveyance of Twelve, or any leffer Number of fuch Notices or Letters, the Sum of One Penny; for every additional complete Number of Twelve of fuch Notices or Letters, the further Sum of One Penny ; and for any Number of Letters lefs than Twelve, exceeding One or more com* plete Set or Sets or Number or Numbers of Twelve, the further Sum of One Penny ; which Sum or Poftage (hall be paid at the Poft. Office where fuch Notices or Letters (hall be depofited for Conveyance, and previous to the fame being difpatched by the Poft.

4 III. And Whereas Arrangements are making for the Portage ‘ and Conveyance of Mails and Bags of Letters by Coaches in Ire-4 land with increafed Expedition, and it may happen that by 4 Change of Horfcs in the fame Divifion of Road, an additional 4 Toll may be charged and chargeable on fuch Coaches, to the

*	Diminution of the Revenue of Poftage in Ireland;* Be it therefore enabled, That from and after the paffing of this A&, no Mail Coach, Mail Diligence or Mail Cart, conveying or employed to carry any

Mail

59" GEO. III.

C. 108.

585

Mail or Bag of Letters in Ireland, (hall be charged or chargeable with any Toll more than once in the fame Divifion of Road in the fame Day, calculating from Twelve o’Clock at Night till Twelve o’Clock the fucceeding Night; and that no Change of Horfes lhall fubjeft any fuch Coach, Diligence or Cart to any additional Toll at any Turnpike Gate whatfoever ; any A 61 or Afts to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it declared and enafted, That the Poftmafter or Poftmafters General of Ireland^ fhall caufe an Account to be kept from time to time of all Tolls payable on Four wheeled Carriages, conveying or employed to carry any Mail or Bag of Letters in Ireland^ at the feveral and refpeftive Turnpike Gates or Bars erefted upon or at the Ends of any Bridges in Ireland through which fuch Carriages fhall pafs, and fhall from time to time caufe tne Amount of fuch Tolls to be paid to the Treafurers of the faid Bridges or Turnpike Gates or Bart, or other Perfons to whom fuch Tolls are refpeftively payable, by Four Quarterly Payments, in like'manner to all Intents and Purpofes as the faid Poftmafter or Poftmafters General are required to do under the Direftions of an Aft made in the Forty third Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for granting to Hu Majejly certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets fent by the Pojl within Ireland, with refpeft to fuch Tolls payable at the feveral and refpeftive Turnpike Gates in Ireland; and that the faid Poftmafter and Poftmafters General of Ireland fhall, within Three Calendar Months next afteh the palling of this Aft, pay all Arrears of any fuch Tolls at any fuch Bridges as may be due at the time of the palling of this Aft ; any Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary in anywile notwithftanding.

* V. And Whereas Letters and Packets direfted to or from Places 1 in Ireland from or to any Part or Parts in Great Britain, or beyond 4 the Seas, are now fent to and Ihipped from the Harbours or Packet 4 Stations of Hawth near Dublinf and Dunmore near Waterford; and 4 Doubts have arifen whether any Rate of Poftage is payable on 4 fuch Letters between Dublin and ffowth, and between Waterford * and Dunmore ;* Be it therefore enafted. That from and after the paffine of this Aft, no Letters or Packets direfted from any Place in Ireland to any Part or Parts of Great Britain9 or beyond the Seas, or received in Ireland from Great Britain, or any Part or Parts beyond the Seas, fhall be fubjeft or liable to be charged with or pay any Rate for their Portage and Conveyance to Dublin from Howi£9 or from Dublin to Howto, nor to Waterford from Dunmore, or from IVaterford to Dunmore; any Conftruftion or Ufage to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

VI. And be it further enafted. That from and after the palling of this Aft, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Poftmafter General of Ireland for the time being, by and with the Cdnfent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to enlarge and extend the Limits of the Penny Poll in the City of Dublin, and to appoint .Offices to be called Receiving Houfes for Penny Poft Letters in the faid City, or County of the faid City, and in any Parts adjacent to the faid City and Suburbs, within the Diftance of Six Miles from the General Poft Office in the faid City, and to demand, have, receive tod take for the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets

conveyed

Day in each District of Road.

Postmasters General to cause Accounts to be kept, and pay Tolls quarterly on Bridges, on Four wheeled Carriages carrying Mails, under 43 G. 3. c. 28. § 24-

No Pottage of Letters sent or received to or from beyond Sea, between Dublin and Howth, or Waterford and Dunmore.

Limita of Penny Post, &c* may be extended by Consent of Lord Lieutenant,

bid

C. 107%

59* GEO- III-

AJD. 1819-

Officer not to grant Permit on Credit of Taro or mam Certificates, unless Person applying shall not hare sufficient Credit q| One.

unduly altered. Licence re-reked-

Penalty tool. Dealers not admitting Officers to inspect Pre-

Penalty 50I. Refusing to sheer Stock, or to furnish Lights, Scales, Jkc. to Officer.

ftsaoky 40L'

XXVII-	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall not be lawful for any Officer of Excife to grant any Permit for any Goods on the Credit of Two or more Certificates, unlefs the Perfon applying for fuch Permit (hall not have fufficient Credit on one Certificate for the Quantity and Quality or Kind of Goods for which fuch Permit (hall be required 5 and every Officer granting any Permit for any fuch Goods, upon the Credit of any Certificate or Certificates, (hall endorfe on fuch Certificate or Certificates the Date and Number of fuch Permit, and the Quantity and Quality of the Goods for which the fame (hall be granted, and the Marks and Numbers of the Calks, Veffels or other Packages, or Mark and Number of the Ca(k9 Veffel or other Package containing the fame, and the Name of the Perfon to whom and the Place to which fuch Goods are to be carried under fuch Permit.

XXVIII-	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any fuch Certificate, or any of fuch Endorfements made thereon, (hall be fraudulently erafed, obliterated or altered, it (hall and may be lawful for the (aid Comxniffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, or any Three of them, to annul or revoke or withdraw any Licence which (hall have been granted under the Authority of fuch Commiffioner to the Perfon or rerfons whofe Certificate, or any Endorfement thereupon, (hall have been fo erafed, obliterated or altered 5 and every fuch Perfon (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Officer of Excife (hall not be admitted into any Houfe, Shop, Store or other Place belonging to any Dealer in or Retailer of any Goods, for the Removal of which a Permit is required by this A£fc, after fuch Officer (hall have demanded Admittance into the fame, and declared his Name and Bufinefs, and after having waited for the Space of One Quarter of an Hour after fuch Demand made at fuch Houfe, Shop, Store or other Place, fuch Dealer or Retailer aforefaid (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXX.	And be it further ena&ed, That every Perfon dealing in, ftoring, or having in his or her Poffelfion any of the Goods for which a Permit it by this A & required, (hall, as often as he or (he (hall be required by any Officer of Excife, (hew to fuch Officer all his or her Stock of all and every fuch Goods, and eveiy Box or Prefs, Package, Cheft, Calk or Veffel, ufed by him or her in the ftoring or kitpmg the fame, and (hall fumifh fuch Officer with fufficient Light, and with juft and fufficient Scales, Weights and Meafures for weighing and meafuring fuch Stock, and (hall provide proper and fufficient Affiftants for that Purpofe; and if any fuch Perfon (hall not, on demand of any Officer as aforefaid, (hew his or her Stock of all or any of the Goods aforefaid, and every Part thereof, or (hall not fumiftt fuch Officer with fufficient Light, or with juft and fufficient Scales, Weights or Meafures, or (hall not provide proper aud fufficient Affiftants to weigh or meafure the fame, as the cafe may be, or (hall not declare the Stock of all or any of fuch Goods fo (hewn to be the entire Stock of fuch Goods refpe&ively then on Hands of fuch Perfon, every fuch Perfon offending in any of the refpe&ive Cafes hereinbefore mentioned, (hall forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Officer or Officers aforefaid (hall, upon Search, difeover any fuch Goods in the Poffeffion of an^fuch

59* GEO. III.

e. ?o?.

577

Perfon which (hall not have been (hewn as aforefaid, then all fuch Goods fo difeovered fhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any fuch Officer.

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall not be lawful for any Perfon licenfed to fell Spirits to fend or deliver out, under any Permit, any Spirits which (hall be of a lefs Degree of Strength than the Strength at which fuch Perfon (hall have received the fame ; and if any fuch Perfon (hall fo fend or deliver out under Permit any Spirits which (hall be of a lefs Strength than as aforefaid, all fuch Spirits which (hall be fa fent out or delivered (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, and every fuch Perfon. (hall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Provided always, that no fuch Forfeiture or Penalty (hall be incurred, nor any fttqh Seizure made, for or by reafon of any Deficiency of Strength of fuch Spirits not more than Three per Centum below the Strength of fuch Spirits fpecified in fuch Permit; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever any Spirits diftilled in Ireland, and upon which the full Duties payable by Law (hall not have been paid, fecured or fatisfied, (hall be conveyed or delivered to any Perfon or Perfons, or (hall be found paffing or in the courfe of Conveyance or Delivery to, or in the Cuftody or Pof-feffion of any Perfon or Perfons, by virtue of or under pretext of any Permit or Permits, every Perfon who (hall have obtained or made ufe of fuch Permit, or in whofe Name or for whofe Ufe fuch Permit fhall be granted, (hall forfeit the Sum of Thirty Shillings Britijh Currency for every Gallon of Spirits mentioned in fuch Permit or Permits, by virtue or under pretext whereof fuch Spirits (hall have been conveyed, or (hall be found paffing or in the courfe of Conveyance, or in the Cuftody or Polfeffion of,any Perfon, and all fuch Spirits (hall be forfeited and may be feized ; and every Officer of Excife who (hall knowingly or wilfully grant any Permit for the Conveyance of any fuch Spirits, (hall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Briti/b Currency ; and the Proof that all Duties have been paid, fecured or fatisfied on fuch Spirits, (hall lie on the Claimant. or Defendant.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever in Ireland (hall obtain or procure, or caufe to be obtained or procured, any Permit for the Removal from one Place to another of any Goods, f within the time limited in fuch Permit, all the Goods by fuch Permit authorifed to be removed (hall not be a&ually and really removed and delivered purfuant to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, or in cafe fuch Goods (hall not be delivered to the Perfon or Perfons and at the Place mentioned in fuch Permit as/ the Perfon or Perfons to whom and the Place to which fuch Goods are by fuch Permit purported to be conveyed, then and in every fuch refpe&ive Cafe and Cafes aforefaid the Perfon or Perfons obtaining or procuring fuch Permit, or caufing fuch Permit to be obtained or procured, or the Perfon or Perfons for whofe Ufe or Benefit, whether in part or in the whole, fuch Permit (hall be obtained or procured, (hall forfeit for all fuch Goods named in fuch Permit the refpe&ive Sums or Penalties hereinafter mentioned ; (that is to fay 1, for every Gallon of Wine, the Sum of Ten Shillings ; for every Gallon of Spirituous Liquors, the Sum of Ten Shillings ; for every

59 Gjbo. III.	P	p	Pound

and Officer nity seise Goods not shewn.

Spirits sent out of a less Degree of Strength than received, forfeited, and Penalty 5cJ.

Deficiency of 3 per Cent, in Strength allowed.

Spirits on which Duty has not been paid not' protected by Permit.

Penalty and Forfeiture of Spirits.

Officer unduly granting Permit, Penalty aocL British.

Persons not removing or delivering Goods according to Permit, &c. f Sic•

Penalties.

C. 107.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Permit not lodged within time limited.

Penalty aol.

Duplicates of Permits or Certificates to contain certain Particulars.

Such Duplicate sufficient.

Duplicates Proof of issuing Permits or Certificate.

Pound Weight of Tobacco, Snuff, Coffee or Tea refpe&ively, the Sum of Ten Shillings; for every Barrel of Malt, the Sum of Ten Shillings ; for every Hundred Weight of Hops or Sugar refpe&ively, the Sum of Twenty Shillings ; for every Gallon of Metheglin, Mead, Sweets or Made Wines, or Vinegar, the Sum of Five Shillings ; for every Piece of Silk, and for every Article of Eajl India Goods, the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and upon the Trial of any Information for Recovery of any of the faid Penalties or Sums oif Money, the Defendant or Defendants therein fhall be convi&ed, unlefs Proof fhall be made by fuch Defendant or Defendants that all the Goods for the Removal of which fuch Permit was fo obtained or procured were a&ually brought from the Perfon and Place mentioned in fuch Permit, and were aSually delivered to the Perfon and at the Place expreffed in fuch Permit.

XXXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Permit, which fhall be fent with any Goods to any Dealer in or Retailer of fuch Goods, fhall not be lodged with the proper Officer within the refpe&ive times limited and appointed for the lodging of fuch Permit, then and in every fuch Cafe every fuch Dealer or Retailer fhall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Duplicate of any Permit or Certificate of a Permit, or Renewal of any Certificate refpe&ively, fhall contain fuch Particulars as fhall from time to time be dire&ed by the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, and of Inland Excife and Taxes, according to their refpe&ive Jurifdic-tions, or any Three of them refpe&ively; and the Duplicate of any Permit fhall alfo contain the following Particulars ; that is to fay, the Number and Date of fuch Permit, the Diftridt where iffued, and the Place from and to which the Goods therein mentioned are to be carried, and fhall exprefs the Quantity and particular Kind of fuch Goods, and the refpe&ive Name and Surname, and Place of Abode, of the Perfon or Perfons fending fuch Goods, and of the Perfon or Perfons to whom to be fent, ana in cafe of a Company or Copartnership, the Name of the Firm, Company or Copartnerfhip, and the time for which fuch Permit fhall be of force; and the Duplicate of any Certificate of any Permit fhall, in addition to the foregoing Particulars, contain the Number and Date of fuch Certificate, and the Dif-tri& where iffued ; and every Duplicate of any Renewal of any Certificate fhall contain the Number and Date of fuch Renewal, and the Diftri& where iffued, and the Date and Number of the Certificate of which the fame fhall be a Renewal, and the Quantity and particular Kind of the Goods then on Hands, and for the Prote&ion of which fuch Renewal of Certificate fhall be required; and every fuch Duplicate as aforefaid fhall be deemed and taken to contain a fufficient Description of fuch Permit or Certificate refpe&ively, and fhall be deemed and taken as a Duplicate thereof refpe&ively within the meaning of this A6t, and it fhall not be neceffary to fet forth other-wife or therein more fully the Contents of any fuch Permit or Certificate refpe&ively.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever any Complaint or Information fhall be made or profecuted, touching any Matter* relating to or concerning any Permit or Certificate, whenever it may be neceffary to prove the granting or iffuing of any fuch Permit or Certificate, the Duplicate of luch Permit or Certificate refpe&mtfg

A.D.18I9.

5D# GEO. HI.

C. 107.

S70

fhall in all Cafes be deemed and taken, and fhall be admitted as EvU dence that fuch Permit or Certificate was granted and iffued according to the Purport of fuch Duplicate, without producing or requiring the Produ&ion of the original Permit or Certificate which had been granted ; and it fhall not be neceffary to prove any Order of the Com-miffioners of Cuitoms or Excife, appointing or directing the Form of any fuch Permit or Certificate, or of any Duplicate thereof refpe&ively.

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That when any Perfon or Permits and Perfons fhall obtain or procure, or caufe to be obtained or procured, Certificates any Permit or Certificate, or when any Permit or Certificate (hall be	*?“n8t

refpe&ively fhall be taken to be good and effe&ual as agairrft the

Perfon or Perfons who fhall have obtained or procured, or caufe to be

obtained or procured, or for whofe Ufe fuch Permit or Certificate

was obtained or procured, as the cafe may be, and by and for whom

or on whofe behalf the fame had been ufed ; and upon the Trial of any cud Informality

Information or other Proceeding refpeftivcly, in any manner touching not to beal-

or concerning any fuch Permit or Certificate, it fhall not be com-	on	Trial.

petent to or for any fuch Perfon or Perfons to allege any Informality

or Defe& in any fuch Permit or Certificate.

XXXVIII.	And be it further er.a&ed, Tliat if any Officer of Officer deliver-Cufloras or Excife authorifed to grant Permits, Coafl Cockets, Cer- ing °blank tificates or Tickets, fhall deliver out or fuffer to be delivered out any

Paper prepared or provided or appointed by th^ Commiffioners of "remaking Cuftoms and Port Duties, or of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, fy.se Entries, to be ufed for Permits, Coafl Cockets, Certificates or Tickets, in Sec. or per. blank, or before fuch Permit, Coafl Cocket, Certificate or Ticket fitting the refpe&ively fhall be filled up and iffued, purfuant to the Dire&ions same* of this A<&; or if any fuch Officer fhall knowingly give or grant any falfe or untrue Permit, Coafl Cocket, Certificate or Ticket, or fhall make any falfe or untrue Entry in the Duplicate of any Permit,

Coafl Cocket, Certificate or Ticket, given or granted by him, or

fhall knowingly and willingly receive or take any Goods into the

Stock of any Perfon or Perfons, brought in with any falfe, untrue or

forged Permit or Coafl Cocket, or fhall knowingly and willingly

grant any Permit or Coafl Cocket for the Removal of any Goods

out of and from the Stock of any Perfon or Perfons who fhall have

received or retained any fuch Goods under or by virtue or pretext of

any fuch falfe, forged or untrue Permit, Coafl Cocket or Certificate ;

or if any fuch Officer fhall knowingly permit or fuffer the fame to be

done, dire&ly or indire&ly ; every fuch Officer fo offending, being

thereof lawfully convifted, fhall for each and every fuch Offence forfeit Penalty tool.

the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXIX.	And be it further enabled, That if any Perfon or Per- Unduly alter-

fons fhall fraudulently alter or erafe any Permit, Coafl Cocket, in8 Permits, Ticket or Certificate, after the fame fhall have been refpe&ively	*****

granted by the proper Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, or if any Perfon one** C#

or Perfons fhall knowingly or willingly give any altered or erafed, falfe or untrue Permit, Coafl Cocket, Ticket or Certificate, or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall knowingly or willingly accept on receive any altered or erafed, falfe or untrue Permit, Coafl Cocket or Certificate, with or for any Goods, or if any Perfon or Perfons fhall knowingly

Persons obtaining them

Pp 2

Qr

C. 109.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1S19.

59p

Who ire to mike entries therein.

Penalty.

Measures for ascertaining Quantity of Herrings taken or bought.

Regulation for Sixe, &c. of Nets.

Using improper Nets, Ac.

Unduly placing Nets.

Penalty.

Application of Penalty.

the Port or other Officer appointed for that Purpofe, under the Provifions of this A6fc, (hall deliver to the Mafter or Chief Officer of faid Veflel a blank Journal Book, in fuch Form as the laid Com-miflioners of the Irijh Fifheries (hall dire& or appoint, figned by the faid Colle&or or fuch other Officer, and ruled under diftm& Heads; in which faid Mafter or fome one of the Crew above the Age of Fourteen Years, (hall enter an Account of the Proceedings of faid Veflel, the Soundings upon the Coaft and Fifhing Banks, the Quantity of Fi(h taken by faid Veflel, and the Quantity bought, and the times when refpe&ively 5 and in default of fo doing, fuch Veflel (hall forfeit fuch Part of the Bounty as (he might otherwife have been entitled to, as the faid Commiflioners of Fifheries (hall think fit.

XIII. And for the better afcertaining the Quantity of Herrings taken and bought, be it further enabled, That every Veflel at the time of being entered for the Fifheries, (hall have on board Two Half Barrels, each containing Sixteen Gallons, with which (hall be mea-fured the Herrings taken and bought by her; and the Entry in the Journal of the Quantity of Herrings taken and bought, (hall be by the Number of Barrels or Half Barrels, and not by Tale or Count.

* XIV. And Whereas the Quantity of Fi(h is diminiffied by * Methods of Fifhing which deftroy the Spawn and Fry of Fifli Be it ena&ed. That no Drag Net or other Sea Net which hath a Me(h of lefs than Three Inches and a Half from Knot to Knot, (hall be made ufe of in catching &ny kind of Fi(h, (except Herrings, Pilchards, Sprats, Shrimps and Prawns, and fmall Shell Fi(h tor Bait,) upon any Parts of the Coafts of Ireland, or within any of the Bays, Harbours, Rivers or Creeks thereof, nor (hall any falfe or double Bottom, Cod or Paunch, or any other Net, though of legal Size, be placed upon or behind the other, in order to take and deftroy fmall Fi(h; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall make ufe of any Drag Net or other Sea Net which has a Me(h of lefs than Three Inches and a Half from Knot to Knot, in catching any kind of Fifti (except Herrings, Pilchards, Sprats, Shrimps, Prawns and fmall Shell Fifh for Bait) on any Parts of the Sea Coafts of Ireland, or within any of the Bays, Harbours, Rivers or Creeks thereof, Jhall place any falfe or double Bottom, Cod or Paunch, or any other Net, though of legal Size, upon or behind any other, in order to take and deftroy fmall Fifh; fuch Perfon or Penons fo offending, and being thereof convi&ed, upon his or their Appearance, or Default after Summoift, before One or more Juftice or Juft ices of the Peace of the County, or Infpe&or of the Diftrift where fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending hath or have their ufual Place of Abode, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witnefles, which Oath fuch Juftice or Juftices of the Peace, or Infpe&or, is and are hereby empowered to adminifter, or by Confeffion of the Party offending, (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit and lofe fuch Net or Nets, which fuch Juftice or Juftices are hereby empowered to feize and deftroy, and (hall alfo forfeit a Sum not lefs than Forty Shillings, nor exceeding Ten Pounds, to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuch Juftice or Juftices 01 the Peace, or Infpe&or, before whom fuch Offender (hall be convi&ed, by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods of fuch Offender, the One Moiety thereof to the Perfon who (hall inform and profecute for the fame, and the other Moiety to go and be difpofed of to the Ufe of the Poor of the Parifh where fuch

Offender

I

AJ>. 1819.

59* GEO. III.

C. 109.

£91

Offender lives; and in cafe no fufficient Dift refs or Diftreffes can or way be had, whereout to levy the faid Sum adjudged to be forfeited, that then the faid Juilice or Ju dices of the Peace, or Infpeftor, fhall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, commit luch Perfon or Perfons to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where fuch Offender (hall be convifted, there to remain for any time not exceeding Thirty Days, unlefs fuch Offender fhall fooner pay the Penalty fo forfeited, upon Payment whereof he fhall be difcharged forthwith.

* XV. And Whereas Shoals of Herrings are frequently frightened € from the Entrance of the Bays and Creeks, by Veffels mooring

*	and (hooting their Nets in improper Places, and by laying long 1 Lines for taking of Cod and Lyng acrofs the Entrance of Bays

*	and Creeks, and other Irregularities Be it ena6ted, That no Veffel on the Coafts of Ireland fhall moor or (hoot their Nets in any Places which fhall be forbidden by the Infpeftor or other Officer to be appointed; nor fhall any Perfon (hoot any Net or any long Line for taking of Cod, Lyng and other Fifh, at any time nor in any Place which fhall be forbidden by the faid Infpeftor, or other Perfon duly authorifed for fuch Purpofe under the Provifion9 of this Aft, under a Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to be levied in lik£ manner as the other Penalties by this Aft direfted are appointed to be levied.

XVI. And be it further enafted, That no Nets fhall be (hot or wet for the taking of Herrings in the Day time, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be recovered again ft the Owner or Owners of fuch Net6, or of the Veffel from which fuch Nets fhall be (hot or wet, and to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of his, her or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Infpeftor or Infpeftors of the Fifheries; and if there fhall be no Infpeftor, then by Warrant of a Juftice of the Peace for the County wherein the Party or Parties do refide, and before whom the Offence fhall be proved by the Confeffion of the Party accufed, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witneffes; which faid Penalty, when recovered, fhall be applied in fuch Manner and to fuch Ufes as the other Penalties hereinbefore mentioned are to be applied.

1 XVII. And Whereas, notwithftanding the Laws now in force

*	for the Regulation of the Fifheries of Irelandby the Multitude of

*	Boats that refort to the different Places of Rendezvous, many of

*	which fhoot their Nets in the Day time, and begin to fifli before the

*	Shoals of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel are fettled in the Bays

*	and Creeks where they ufually refort for Shelter, there is reafon to € believe that the Fifheries are much injured, and that a Regulation 4 with regard to the time of commencing the Fifhery would be of 4 great Advantage Be it enafted, That in the feveral Places where Infpeftors or other Officers are appointed, and where Orders fhall be given for the purpofe by the Commiffioners of the Irjjh Fifheries, or any Three of them, who are hereby empowered fo to do, no Perfon fhall be at liberty to fhoot their Nets, until Notice for fuch Purpofe (hall be pofted up by the Infpeftor of the Diftrift, under a Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to be levied as other Penalties in this Aft direfted.

XVIII. And be it further enafted, That any Veffel or Boat wbich fhall be laden at any Port or Place in Ireland with Salt in $ulk or in Barrels, intended to be ufed in the curing of Herrings,

Pilchards

Vessels not to be moored, Nets shot, or Lines kid contrary to Order of Inspector.

Penalty OcL

Nets not to be. shot, &c. for Herrings in the Day-time,

Penalty id.

Nets not to be shot till after Notice by Inspector,

Penalty acL

What Vessek and Fish taken to be within the meaning of this Act.

5 92

0.109.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Fish or Salt landed, &e. without Presence of Officer, forfeited.

What Her-ringn, &c. and in what Barrels, Scc. entitled to Bounty.

Directions for branding, &c. Barrels to entitle to Bounty.

Pilchards or Mackerel, in Bulk or in Barrels, fueh Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel having been taken by the Mailer and Crew on any Part of the Coafts of Great Britain, Ireland or the IJle of Man, or pur-chafed frefh by the faid Matter on any Part of the faid Coafts, from the Crews of other Britijh or Irijh Boats by whom the fame were taken, (hall be deemed and taken to be a Veflel or Boat fitted out for the Irijh Herring, Pilchard or Mackerel Fiihery, within the Meaning of this A 61; and where any fuch Veffel or Boat, having been fo fitted out for the Iri/h Fifhery, and having proceeded to any Port of the Coaft of Great Britain, Ireland or the IJle of Man, where the fifhing of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel (hall have been carried on, and the Matter or Crew whereof fhall have there taken or purchafed Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel frefh, and cured the fame in Bulk or in Barrels, fhall arrive laden therewith in any Port or Place in Ireland, or where any Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, taken or purchafed, and cured as aforefaid, fhall have been tranfhipped out of any fuch Veflel or Boat into any other Veflel or Boat which fhall arrive laden with the faid Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel in any Port or Place in Ireland, then and in either of thefe Cafes, all fuch Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel fhall be deemed to have been brought from the Irijh Fifh'ery, within the Meaning of this A&•	.

XIX.	And be it further enabled. That if any Fifh or Salt, or other Fifh in Stores, fhall be landed, or fhall be unfhipped with intent to be landed out of any Veflel or Boat arriving from the Irijh Fifhery, at any Port or Place where an Officer of the Fifhery fhall be ftationed, without the Prefence of fuch Officer of the Fifhery as aforefaid, or fhall be landed, or fhall be unfhipped with intent to be landed at any Port or Place where no Officer of the Fifhery fhall be ftationed, without the Prefence of the proper Officer of the Cuftoms, all fuch Fifh or Salt, or other Fifhing Stores, fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer of the Fifhery, or of the Cuttoms or Excife.

XX.	And be it further enabled, That the Bounties hereby granted per Barrel on Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, fhall not be paid or allowed for any Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel which fhall not have been taken in the Irijh Fifhery, or for any Herrings which fhall be of bad or indifferent Quality, or for any broken Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, or for any Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel which fhall not be in all refpe&s properly cured and packed, or of which the Barrel fhall not contain of Fifh, exclufive of the Weight of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twenty four Pounds Weignt, except Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel intended to be exported to any Place out of Europe, which fhall and are hereby required to be repacked with Great Salt, the Barrel of which Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel fhall contain Two hundred and twelve Pounds Weight of Net Fifh; nor for any Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel which fhall be contained in any Barrel not of fufficient Strength, or not containing Thirty two Gallons EngVtJh Wine Meafure, or on which the Name of the Curer thereof, and the 'Name of the Port or Place where, and the Year when the fame were cured, (hall not be branded with an hot Iron in large, legible, confpicuous and permanent Cha-ra&ers, or on which fuch Mark or Marks, Chara&er or Chara&ers, fhall not have been fet at the Fifhery, or fhall not remain thereon diftin&ly legible, denoting the Day on which the fame were cured ;

7	nor

J

A.D. 1819.

49* GEO. III.

C. 109.

993

nor for any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel on which, at the time of its being produced to the proper Officer of'the Fifhery, in order to be branded with a Mark or CharaAer to denote that the Curer thereof is entitled to the Bounties per Barrel hereby given according to the Directions of this A A, any Mark or Character fhall be found to have been branded theretofore, purfuant to the Provifions of any former ACt, nor until a Mark or Character to denote that the Curer thereof is entitled to the Bounty hereby given, fhall be branded thereon by order and in the prefence of the proper Officer of the Fifhery, after the fame fhall have been produced to and infpeCted by fuch Officer according to the Directions of this A A ; and that the Bountiester Barrel hereby granted fhall not be paid or allowed for or in refpeA of any Barrel or Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, unlefs the fame fhall be produced to the proper Officer of the fyd Fifhery, and branded in his prefence in manner by this ACt direAed, at fucn Port or Place as is hereinafter directed refpeCtively, and no other 5 that is to fay, if the laid Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel were cured on Shore, then the faid Barrel or Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel ihall be fo produced, and branded at fuch Port or Place as fhall have been appointed for that Purpofe by the Commiffioners of the Irijb Fifhenes; or if the faid Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel were cured in any Veffel or Boat fitted, out for the Irijb Fifhery, and were brought from the faid Fifhery in the fame or in any other Veffel, according to the Regulations of this AA, then the Barrel or Barrels of the laid Herrings, Pilchards arid Mackerel, fhall be fo, produced and branded as aforefaid at the Port or Place to which the fame fhall have been fo brought from the faid Fifhery.

XXL And be it further enaAed, That the faid Bounties per Barrel hereby granted on Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, fhall be payable ana paid to the Curer or Curers thereof, on the ProduAion of the Fifh to the proper Officer, of the Fifhery, in order to be branded and certified for the County; and on the fame being duly examined and certified in manner following, that is to fay, fuch Officer of the Fifhery, to whom any Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel fhall be fo produced, fhall examine the Barrels, and infpeA the Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel contained in all, or in fuch and fo many of them as he in his Difcredon fhall think neceffary, for the purpofe of afcertaining whether the Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel fo produced, are in every refpeA fuch as to entitle the Curer or Curers thereof to the Bounty hereby granted, according to the Provifions of this AA ; and for that Purpofe the faid Curer or Curers fhall, at his or their own Charge, upon being thereunto required by the faid Officer, place or caufe to be placed the faid Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel in fuch convenient Order or Situation as fhall be pointed out by the faid Officer, (the Outfides being free from any Tar, Dirt or other Subftance which may cover or conceal any Mark thereon,) and open or caufe to be opened any Barrel fo produced, and raife or remove, or caufe to be raifed or removed, the Herrings, Pilchards Mackerel, or any Part thereof, out of fuch Barrel, and furnifh the faid Officer with Weights and Scales for weighing any Her-riogs, Pilchards and Mackerel, and affift him effeAually in weighing xlxe fame ; and upon every Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mack-59 G90. III.	Q	q	artl

Barrels on which Bounty paid to ba produced and branded.

Regulations -respecting Examination and Certificate of Officers, and branding Casks of Herrings, &o. for Bounty.

1

59*

C. 109.

59® GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Debenture-er Certificate for Bounty to be given, on complying with Conditions.

What descrip' tion of Herrings, &c. though produced for Bounty, shall not be entitled thereto.

Penalty. Disputes as to Herrings, &c. being entitled to Bounty to be settled by two Arbitrators, to be nominated by Justice of

erel which on fuch Examination and tnfpeftion as aforefaid, (hall be found by the faid Officer to be in all refpefts fuch as to entitle the Curer or Curers thereof to the Bounties per Barrel hereby granted, there (hall be branded with an hot Iron, by order and in prefence of the faid Officer, fuch Mark or Marks, Chara&er or Chara&er$, as the Commiffioners of the Irijb Fifheriea (hall dire&, and which (hall denote whether the fame is bungpacked or repacked, and the Year in which the fame (hall be fo branded, and the Officer in whofe prefence the fame (hall have been branded 5 all which being duly performed, the faid Officer of the Fiftiery (hall give the Curer or Curers of the faid Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, a Debenture or Certificate for the Payment of the faid Bounties per Barrel, on the Number of Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, fo branded, which, on being allowed by the Commiffionen of the fri/b Fifheries, (fuch Allowance being dated in Writing under the Hands of the Commiffioners or any Three of them, at the Foot of the faid Debenture or Certificate,) the faid Curer or Curers, or his or their Affigns, (hall be entitled to the refpeftive Bounties per Barrel on the Number of Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel therein contained ; and the Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties, upon fuch Debenture being produced to them, (hall without Delay caufe the fame to be paid.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, not caught or taken m the Irifb Fifhery, or any Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, in refoeft whereof any Bounty per Barrel granted by any former Aft (nail have been paid or allowed, or any broken Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, or any Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, mixed or packed with any fuch Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel as aforefaid, or any Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel (other than Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel repacked with Great Salt) of which the Barrel (hall not contain of net Filh, exclufive of the Weight of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight; or any Herrings repacked with Great Salt, of which the Barrel ftiall not contain of net Fifli, exclufive of the Weight of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twelve Pounds Weight, or any Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, packed in any BarrS which (nail be of lefs Content or Capacity than Thirty two Gallons Engltfb Wine Meafure, (hall be produced to any Officer of the Fifhery to be branded in his prefence, and certified by him for the purpofe of obtaining the Bounties for the fame, or which having been fo produced and branded, (hall be again produced to any fuch Officer for the fame Purpofe, or having been fo produced and branded, the Mark or Marks, Charafter or Characters fet thereon, as direfted under the Provifions of this Aft, (hall not appear thereon diftinft and legible, all fuch Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, with the Barrel or Barrels containing the fame, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any Officer of the Fiftiery or Cuftoms; and if any Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, not being hereby forfeited, (hall be produced to any Officer of the faid Fiftiery for the purpofe aforefaid, and fuch Officer (hall deem fuch Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel to be of bad or indifferent Quality, or not properly cured or packed, or the Barrel or Barrels in which the* fame (hall be packed not tt> be of fufficient Strength, and that for fuch Caufe he (hall think the Curer thereof is not *"	entitled

59* GEO. IIL

C. 109.

A.IX 1819.

595

entitled to the Bounties per Barrel under this A (ft, fuch Officer Pescearherain fhall without Delay apply by Petition, dating the Matter in difpute mentioned, to any 'Juftice ot the Peace redding at or near the Place where fuch Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel fhall be produced, giving Notice thereof to the Curer that he may attend the Hearing, if he fhall think fit; and fuch Juftice of the Peace (hall forthwith nominate and appoint Two fkilful Perfons, who fhall have no Intereft in the Matter in difpute, one to be nominated by the Officer, and the other by the oppofite Party ; and if either Party fhall fail to make fuch Nomination before or at the time when ne fhall be required by Authority of the faid Juftice (not being longer than Twenty four Hours from the time of being required to make fuch Appointment) fo to do, then the faid Juftice fhall nominate One lkilful Perfon, not interefted in the Matter in difpute, in his Place, and the Two Perfons fo appointed, upon Examination of the Matters in difpute, fhall certify on their Oaths, to be taken before the faid Certified* of Juftice, their Opinion on the Matters aforefaid, and if they fhall Arbitrator!, agree in their Opinion, the Matter in difpute fhall be determined accordkigly ; but if the faid Arbitrators fo to be appointed fhall Umpire, differ in Opinion thereon, the faid Juftice fhall require them to name One other fkilful Perfon, not interefted in the Matters in difpute, which Perfon fo nominated fhall examine the Matters in difpute, and upon fuch Examination fhall certify upon Oath, to be made before Certificatanf the faid Juftice, his Opinion thereon, and the faid Matter fhall Umpire, then be finally determined accordingly.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted. That if the Curer or Pro- Repacking prietor of any Number of Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards or Mac- bungpacked kerel bungpacked, on which the Bounty granted by this A<ft fhall Herrings, &c. ‘have been allowed, fhall intend to repack the fame with Great Salt in the fame Barrels, and as many in addition thereto as with the original Number fhall be neceifary to contain the fame in a repacked State, the faid Curer or Proprietor fhall give Twenty four Hours Notice in Writing, under his Hand, of his faid Intention Notice to to the proper Officer of the Fifhery, and if upon Produftion of the Officer, faid Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel fo repacked as aforefaid, the faid Curer or Proprietor fhall upon the Requeft Note (which according to fuch Regulations as (hall be made by the faid Commifiioners of the Irtfb Fifneries, he fhall have delivered or caufe to be delivered to the faid Officer) make oath before him, that the Herrings, Pil- Oath that they chards or Mackerel contained in the Barrels fo produced (mentioning tile 8tme the Number) in a repacked State, are the very fame Herrings, emn5s* Pilchards ana Mackerel, without any Addition or Mixture whatever, that were originally in a bungpacked State contained in that Part (mentioning the Number) of the faid Barrels, whereof each is branded with the Marks or Charafters, denoting that the Bounty granted by this Aft was allowed or paid thereon.; and if the Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel fo produced, fhall upon due Infpeftion and Examination be found by the faid Officer to be each s. of them well cured, properly packed, and in all refpefts fuch as a Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, on which the faid Bounty is claimed or allowed, is by this Aft required to be, he fhall caufe each of the faid Barrels in which the faid Herrings, Offirer to bread Pilchards and Mackerel were originally cured, and in which the 14,0 Bwrek. greater Part thereof fhall be fo repacked, to be branded with fuch

Qq 2	Marks

0$$

c. to?..

»• GEO. IIL

A.D. 1S19.

No Bounty or Certificate in respect of re-packed Herrings Ac.

Weight of each Barrel of Her-

allovred.

Marks or .Chara&ers, in addition to thofe which (hall have been already branded thereon, as the Commiffioners of the Irijh Fifheri^s (hall diredl, and as (hall denote that the fame are repacked, and 7 by what Officer the fame were infpe&ed and examined after the repacking thereof; and the faid Officer (hall caufe each o? .the -Barrels in which the remaining Part of the faid Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel (hall be repacked, to be branded with fuch Marks or . Chara&ers as by this Ad are dire&ed to be branded thereon, in cafe'the fame were produced to the faid Officer, in order to obtain the Bounty granted by this Ad, and had been by him deemed-to be entitled thereto, with fuch Addition to the fame as the Commif-(ioners of the Irtfb Fiiheries (hall think fit to dired, and* as (hall denote that the fame are fo branded under- the Authority of this . Provifion : Provided always, that no Bounty (hall bepaid or allowed, nor (hall any Certificate be granted for that Purpofe, in refped ’of any fuch Barrel or Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, repacked and branded with fuch Marks or Charadefs, and with fuch Addition thereto as laft above mentioned, but that the fame (hall neverthelefs be Hable to Forfeiture in all Cafes where any Barrel or Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, on which the faid Bounty (hall have been allowed, would by this Ad be liable thereto.

XXIV. And be it further enaded, That the Bounties per Barrel

Santed by this Ad, (hall not be paid or allowed for any Barrel of errings, Pilchards and Mackerel packed or repacked with Small 0,1 Salt, which (hall not contain, exciufive of Salt and Brine, Two w i oun y hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight of Fifh at the lead; or for any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel repacked with Great Salt, which (hall not contain, exciufive of Salt or Brine, Two hundred and twelve Pounds Weight of Fi(h at the leaft; or if any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, packed or repacked with Small Salt, and not containing, exciufive of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight of Fi(h at the ieaft; or if any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel repacked with Great Salt, and not containing, exciufive of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twelve Pounds Weight of Fi(h at'the leaft, (hall be tendered to any Officer of the Fifhery in order to obtain the aforefaid Bounty thereon, the fame (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any Officer of the faid Fifhery.

XXV. And be it further ena&ed, That all Herrings, being the Refufe of the Manufa£tory of Red Herrings, (hall be packed in Barrels, on each of which the Word “ Refufe” (hall have been branded in the manner herein dire&ed; and all fuch Herrings not packed in Barrels, on each of which the Word “ Refufe” (hall be to branded and remain diftin&ly legible, as well as all Herrings whatever mixed with Herrings of the faid Defcription, whether packed or not, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any Officer of the Fifhery or of the Cuftoms.

XXVI. And be it further ena&ed. That no Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel (hall be exported or (hipped from Ireland\ or tendered to any Officer of the Irijh Fifhery, or of the Cuftoms, to be (hipped for cient Exportation, at any Port or Place in Ireland, for any Port or Place whatever, unlefs the Barrel in which the fame (hall be packed (hall be at leaft half an Inch in Thicknefs at the Bulge; or for any

Foreign

How Barrels of Refuse Herrings to be breaded.

Penalty.

Regulations as to Exportation of Herrin/

Ac. in Banrsla.

59° GEO. HI.

.C.109.

197

Foreign Port or Place in Europe, unlefs fuch Barrel fhall be bound t with Sixteen Hoops at the lean, made of Wood or Iron ; nor (hall an y fucheHerrings, Pilchards or Mackerel be exported or (hipped, or tendered to be (nipped as aforefaid, for any Port or Place out of Europe, unlefs the Barrel in which the fame (hall be packed (hall be . a new "Barrel and full bound, and have One Iron Hoop at each End*

• nor unlefs fuch Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel fhall hare been . repacked, and a Space or time not lefs than Fifteen Davs -fhall have intervened from the Day when the fame were originally cured and packed, before the fame were repacked, all which (hall dc made to appear to the Satisfaction of the proper Officer of the Fi(hery and of the Cuftoms, at any Port or Place to which the fame fhall have • been brought Coaftwife for Exportation, by Certificate, to be Certificate by. granted by the proper Officer of the- Fifhery, at the Port or Place Officer of from which the fame were fo fent Coaftwife as aforefaid, and by Fisilfi,Tr’ the Exporter or his Agent, before any fuck Officer* that the Herrings, Pilchards.or Mackerel tendered for Exportation,, are the fame that were brought Coaftwife with fuch Certificate; nor fhall any Barrels not to be Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel be exported or (hipped, shipped for Ex-or tendered to any fuch Officer as aforefaid, to be (hipped for partition, unless Exportation at any Port or Place in Ireland, for any Port or Place whatfoever, being branded with any Mark or Charafter to y ^ C“ denote^ that the Curer thereof is or was entitled to the Bounties under this Aft, unlefs the fame (hall in all refpefts be fuch as is by this Aft required to entitle the Curer thereof to the faid Bounty ; nor fhril any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel be (hipped nor unless for Exportitlbn, till the Proprietor or his Agent (hall have pro* Proprietor shill duced thedame to the proper Officer of the Filnery, and performed k**® p™*uced every thing which (hall have been required of him by the faid ^Setwise com-Officer, and which the Curer on producing the fame in order to plied with this obtain the Bounty thereon, is by this Aft required: to perform ; Act nor (hall the fame be fo (hipped without the prefence of the faid Officer; and that all Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, with the Barrels containing the fame, which (hall be exported, (hipped or tendered to be (hipped for Exportation contrary to this Aft, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may bie feized by any Officer of the Fi(hery or of the Cuftoms.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted. That if any Barrel of Her- Weight of rings. Pilchards or Mackerel, repacked with Great Salt, which (hall Barrels ofre-uot contain, exclufive of Salt and Brine, the Quantity of Fifli pocked Her-bereinafter mentioned refpeftively A the leaft ; (that is to fay,) if fey *or intended to be exported to any Port or Place in Europe, Two ,Portttt,on* hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight,, or if intended to be exported to any Port or Place out of Europe, Two hundred and twelve Pounds Weight, (hall be (hipped or tendered to any Officer of the Fifhery, in order to be (hipped for Exportation to any fuch Port or Place as aforefaid refpeftively ; or if any Barrel of Herrings,

Pilchards or Mackerel, being packed or repacked with Small Salt, which (hall not contain, exclufive of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight of Fifh at the leaft, (hall be (hipped or tendered to any Officer of the Fifhery, in order to be (hipped for Exportation to any Port or Place in Europe, the fame (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any Officer of the Fifhery Penalty, or of the Cuftoms.

Qq 3

XXVIII. And

398

C. 109.

39° GEO. III.

Officer* to examine Barrel* of Herrings, &c. for Exportation, and may weigh same.

Herring*, &c. intended for Exportation being found of bad Quality or not properly cured, &c. forfeited.

How Disputes in respect thereof settled.

Ho Coast Cocket, &c. required for Fishing Vessels with Salt, Stc. for Grew.

Herrings, &«. may be packed in Half Barrels of Contents herein mentioned.

♦

•

AJD, 1819.

XXVIII.	And in order to prevent.any Frauds in the Exportation of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, be it further enaftted. That every Officer of the Fifhery to whom any Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel (hall be produced or tendered, *m order to be (hipped for Exportation, (hall examine the fame, and infpeft*v and weigh the Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel in fuch and fo* many of the. Barrels as he (hall think proper, in order to afcertam whether the faid Barrel or Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, be in all refpefts fuch as may lawfully be exported, or (hipped to be exported to the Port or Place for which the fame (hall be entered: Provided always, that if any Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel contained in any Barrel or Barrels, which (hall be fo marked with any Mark or Charafter to denote that the Carer thereof is or was entitled to the Bounties per Barrel as aforefaid, not being prohibited to be exported for any Caufe other than, on due Examination, their being found to be of fuch Defcriptkra as not to entitle the Curer thereof to the Bounties per Barrel under this Aft, and not of fuch a Defcription as would make them liable to Forfeiture, in cafe they were produced by the Curer with intent to obtain the faid Bounty, (hall be tendered to any Officer of the Fifheiy to be (hipped for Exportation, and fuch Officer (hall deem fuch Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel to be of bad or indifferent Quality, or not properly cured or packed, or the Barrel or Barrels in which the fame (hall be contained not to be of fuiEdent Strength, and that for fuch Caufe the fame cannot be allowed to be exported or (hipped for Exportation, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, the Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, or the Barrels containing the fame, (hall be forfeited ; and if in the Event of Refufal to allow the Exportation for any of thofc Caufes, the Proprietor lhall not be fatisfied with the Opinion of the Officer, the Matter in difpute (hall be fettled and detennined in the fame manner as is hereinbefore direfted in the cafe of a like Difpute arifing between the Curer of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, and the Officer of the Fiftiery to whom the fame (hall be produced in order to obtain the faid Bounties.

. XXIX. And be it further enafted. That it (hall be lawful to fliip or put on board any Bufs, Vefiel or Boat, at any Port or Place in Ireland^ where an Officer of the Fifliery (hall be Rationed for the Irijb Fifhery, Salt, Nets, Barrels, and other Fifliing Stores and Provifiona for the Suftenance of the Crew thereof, and to carry and convey the fame to the faid Fidiery, without a Sufferance or Warrant or Coaft Cocket from the Officer of the Cuftoms.

XXX. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful to cure and pack Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel taken in the Iri/b Fifhery in Half Barrels ; and that every Half Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, packed or repacked, (hall contain Half the Quantity of Fi(h, exclufive of Salt and Brine, which a Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel bungpacked or repacked, is by this Aft required to contain refpeftively, and (hall be entitled to Half of the Bounty by this Aft granted in refpeft of Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, and be fubieft to all Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which a Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel in the like Cafe is liable*

XXXI. Aad

A.D.1&19.

59° GEO.* III.

C. 109.

599

XXXI. And be it farther enaCted, That it (hall be lawful for . a|iy Officer of the Fifhery to go and remain on board any Bufs, Veffel or Boat, having on board any Salt, Barrels, or other Fifhing Stores in Ireland, intended for the Irtfb Fifhery, or being at any '•Place where Herrings or other Fifh mall be taken and cured, or ^proceeding from any fuch Place for any Port or Place in Ireland, to examine the Condition of all Fifh, Salt, Barrels or Nets on board of any fuch Bufs, Veffel or Boat, and to put any Mark or Marks On the Barrel or Barrels on which any Herrings or other Fifh fhall be contained on board thereof; and tne Mailer of every fuch Veffel

Officers may go on board Fishing Vessels, and examine Fish, Ac.

Masters of

or Boat fhall, if required by any Officer of the Fifhery fo to do, Vesselstopnv produce and deliver to fuch Officer for his InfpeCtion, the Cer-

Certificate of Registry, Act

tificate of Regiftry, (if fuch Veflel or Boat be liable to Regiftry,) and the Licence, Certificate or Declaration which he fhall have or ought to have on board, and fhall give to fuch Officer a true Account of the Name of the Owner or each of the Owners of fuch Bufs, Veffel and Boat, and the Place where fuch Owner refides, and the Name of each of the Crew thereof; and if any Mailer of fuch Bufs, Veffel or Boat as aforefaid, fhall not, upon being required by any Officer of the Fifhery fo to do, comply with all or any of the Requifitions herein contained, every Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and lofe the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXII.	And be it further enaCted, That it fhall be lawful for any Officer of the Fifhery, at all times when Herrings or othet Fifh are curing and packing or repacking, and at all other times in the Day (or if in tne Nignt, in the prefence of a Conftable or other Officer of the Peace), to enter and come into any Cellar or Ware-houfe of any Curer of Herrings or other Fifh, or into any Place where Herrings or other Fifh fhall be cured, packed or repacked, to view and infpeCt the fame during the time of their being cured, packed or repacked, and to put fuch a Mark or Marks on any Barrel or Barrels in which they fhall be packed or repacked, as they fhall think fit, which Mark or Marks fhall not he altered or defaced.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaCted, That every Perfon before whom any Oath is hereby directed or required to be made, fhall be and every fuch Perfon is hereby authorised and required to admi-nifter fuch Oath; and if any Perfon or Pfcrfons fhall wilfully make a falfe Oath, rtfpe&ing any thing which by this A61 is required to be fworn, every fuch Perfon fhall, upon Conviction, be liable to all the Penalties for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled. That if any Perfon other than an Officer of the faid Fifhery, or not being authorifed by or without the prefence of fuch Officer, fhall fraudulently burn or hrand, or caufe to be burned or branded, or fhall have in his Cuftody or Pofifeffion any Inilrument for the purpofe of burning or branding, on any Barrel or Calk of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, any Mark or Marks, Character or Characters, which by virtue of this A 61 fhall be appointed or directed to be burnt or branded on any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, by order and in pre-fence of fuch Officer, or any Mark or Character m Imitation thereof; or if any Perfon fhall alter, erafe or falfify any Licence, Certificate, Account, Declaration, Oath or other Document prefcribed by this A61, every Perfon fo offending, on being convicted thereof before a Juftice of the Peace of the County where the Offence fhall be

Qq &	committed

Penalty aoL

Officers may enter Warehouses, Ac. of Curers of Herrings, A*

Perjury.

Unauthorised Persons fraudulently branding Casks, Ac.

Erasing, Ac. Licences, Certificate*, Ac.

600

C.109.

39* GEO. IIL

A.D.1819.

Casks of Her* rings, if Brand dcfscnd,

forfeited.

Imputes be* tween Owners,

Justices of Peace or In.

committed or the Offender found, being fuch Perfon, /hall for every Penalty* fuch Offence forfeit and pay a Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds, or fuffer Imprisonment for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and every Barrel or Cafk on which any fuch Mark or Chara&er (hall be fraudulently burnt or branded as afore-faid, with the Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel therein contained, and every Inftrument which (hall be in the PolTeffion of any Perfon for the purpofe of fraudulently burning or branding the fame, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be Seized by any Officer of the Fifliery or Cuftoms.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Mark fet or branded on any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, by any Officer or Officers of the Fifhery, purfuant to this A A, or to any Rules or Regulation! which (hall be made by the faid Commiffioners of the Irifh Fifheries, (hall be altered or defaced, every fuch Barrel, with the Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel therein contained, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any Officer of the Fifheries or Cuftoms.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That any Difputes or Dif-. ferences which (hall or may arife between the Perfons engaged on

S^Sm!>&nd	board any of the Veffels employed in the Irifh Fisheries, and the

bedteSded	Owner or Matter thereof, touching any Demands which fuch Perfons

- ■	-	may have againft fuch Owners or Matters for or on account of

their ^ Wages or Shares of their Earnings of fuch Veffels, where fuck Demand does not exceed Five Pounds, and alfo all fuch Complaints of fuch Owners or Matters againtt any of the Perfons or Hands engaged on board fuch Veffels, for or on account of their abfentinr or withdrawing themfelves from their Duty and Service on board any fuch Veffel, (hall and may be determined by any of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for the County where fuch Difputes arife, or by the Infpe&ors or other Officers to be appointed, who are hereby empowered to give fuch and the like Relief, and by fuch and the fame Remedies and Means, and to inflift fuch and the like Penalties and Puni(hment8, as the faid Juftices of the Peace are empowered to do in all Cafes of Difputes between Matters and Servants, or Artificers and their Employers, by all or any of the Laws now m being.

Officers of Cum- XjfXVII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That 8® on nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to reftrain, prevent or hinder any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Goods not en- Revenue, who (hall from time to time be deputed or appointed tend, &g. ; thereunto by the Chief Commiffioners of Cuftoms and Port Duties for the time being, or the major Part of them, from going on board and entering into any Ship or Veffel whatsoever, as well by Night as by Day, arriving and coining into any Port, Harbour, Haven, Creek or other Places, and to continue there on board until fuch Ship or other Veffel (hall be fully unladen and difeharged, or again reladen, in purfuance of the Powers mentioned in this A&, but that it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch Officer and Officers to enter and go into any Ship or other Veffel, to ieize, furvey and make Search tor any Goods or Commodities either put on board any fuch Ship or other Veffel, or taken out and earned away, or intended to be carried away, without due Entry firft had £nd made of the fame, or Payment of the Dutfes due and payable

thereupon.

C. 109.

601

thereupon, and to feize and carry away the fame, in the fame Manner to all Intents and Purpofes as may be done by any Law, A& or A6ls of Parliament now in force in this Kingdom ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful for the Inhabitants of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at all times and Seafons of the Year when they (hall think proper, (fubjo& neverthelefs to the feveral Regulations, contained in this A61,) freely to fi(h for, take and buy from Fiftiermen, and cure any Herrings, Mackerel, Cod and Lyng, or other Sorts of FUh, in all and every Part of the Seas, Creeks and Bays wherefoever fuch Fi(h are to be found, or can or may be taken, on the Coafts of Great Britain or Ireland, fave only in fuch Places as may be referved by the Superintendants, or by order of the Commiffioners of the Irijb Fifheries for the Prefervation of the Fry, and for the better Order and Regulation of the Filhery ; and that no other Perfon or Perfons, except fuch Supermtendant, (hall, under any Pretence whatsoever, prefume to obftru6t or hinder any Perfon or Perfons from (idling m the Places aforefaid; nor (hall any Perfon prefume to demand or receive any Dues, Sums of Money, or other Confideration whatfoever from the Inhabitants of the United Kingdom, for the Ufe of any Ports, Harbours or Wafte Shores on the Coafts of Ireland, except for the Payment of fuch Harbour or Pier Duties as are and by Law ought to be demanded for Ships, Veflels and Boats in Piers and Harbours which are built and artificially made ; and that every Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and levied and applied as other Forfeitures are hereinafter dire&ed to be levied, recovered and applied: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to extend to the giving a Power to enter upon or ufe the Demefne Grounds, Gardens or Park of any Perfon, without Leave having been previously obtained.

XXXIX.	And in order more effeftually to Secure the Performance of the feveral Requifites preScribed for obtaining the Bounties, and to enforce the Regulations for the better Prefervation and Improvement of the Said Fifheries ; be it ena&ed, That the faid Inspectors and other Officers to be appointed for that Purpofe, (hall return to the Commiffioners of the Irijh Fifheries, the Name of the Mailer or Owner of any Veffel, or of any Mariner or other Perfon belonging to any Veffel, who (hall be convi6led of any Offence which (hafi be committed againft the Provifions of this A61* or any of them, and the Amount of the Fines impofed and levied; and the Mailer or Owner of fuch Veffel fo convi6led, or who (hall refiife to deliver up any Mariner belonging to his Veffel, charged with an Offence, (hall be deemed incapable of receiving any Bounty for fuch Veffel; and the Mafter or Owner who (hall fo refufe to deliver up any Mariner belonging to his Veffel as aforefaid, (hall incur a Penalty of Ten Pounds.

XL. And be it further ena6led, That when any Veffel on her Fiihing Voyage (hall founder at Sea, or by Diftrefs and Hardihip of Weather be forced on Shore, and wrecked, it (hall be lawful for the Commiffioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties in Ireland, to order Payment of fuch Bounty to the Owner3 of faid Veffel, as they would liave been entitled to if fuch Veffel had not foundered or been forced

and may seize, &c.

Inhabitants of United Kingdom, under Regulation of Act, may take Herrings, Ac. on any Part of Coasts of G. B. or Ireland, Ac. Exception.

Without Payment of Dues. ’

Exception.

Penalty sol.

No Power to enter Demesnes, Ac.

Returns of Offenders convicted under this Act made to Commissioners of Fisheries.

Not delivering up Offenders.

Penalty.

Bounty payable to Owners of Fishing Vessels wrecked, Ac.

on

60S

50* GEO. III.

C. 109.

A.D. 1819.

Herrings brought to any Port not fit for Food, &c. forfeited.

Commissioners of Fisheries authorised tore* mit Forfeitures.

How Penalties recovered.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint Commissioners for the Irish Fisheries.

with Power to appoint Secretary and Officers.

on Shore, and wrecked as aforefaid, or to the legal Representatives of fuch Owners in cafe of their being loft.

XLI. And be it further ena&ed, That if my Perfon or Perfons (hall bring into any Port, Haven or Creek in Ireland, any Herrings which (hall not be good and fit for Man’s Food, or which (hall not be packed in Barrels or in Bulk regularly and in Layers, and not heaped together, unlefs the fame (hall be landed for the exprefs purpose of fmoaking, where Houfes are built expnfely for that Purpofe in the manner of Yarmouth, commonly called Red Herrings, and (hall offer the fame to be fold, then all and every the Owners thereof, being convicted of. fuch Offence before the Infpe&or of the Fifheries, or fuch other Officer as the faid Commiffioners (hall for that Purpole appoint, or Colle&or of any Port, Haven or Creek, (hall lofe and forfeit the fame; and fuch Part of faid Fi(h that is not good as aforefaid (hall be deftroyed, and the reft (hall be forfeited for the Ufe of the Poor.

XLI I. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That whenever any Fifli, Barrels or Caiks, Salt, Nets or Netting, or any Boats (hall be feized as forfeited by virtue or in purfuance of this A&, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Commiffioners of the Irtjb Fifheries, on Evidence given to their Satisfa&ion that the Forfeiture arofe without any Intention of Fraud in the Proprietor or Proprietors, Claimant or Claimants, or Perfon or Perfons having the Cuftody, Care or Management for the time being of fuch rub. Barrels or Ca(ks, Salt, Nets, Netting or Boats, to order the fame to be reftored to fuch Proprietor or Proprietors, or Claimant or Claimants in fuch Manner and on fuch Terms and Conditions as under the Circum-ftances of the Cafe (hall appear to the faid Commiffioners to be rea-fonable, and as they (hall think fit to dire&.

XLIII. And be it further ena&ed, That any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture by this A& impofed, except in any Cafe where other Provifion is hereby made, (hall and may be fued for, recovered, levied and mitigated, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be fued for, recovered and levied by any Law or Laws of Cuftoms or Excife, or by A&km of Debt, Bill, riaint or Information, in any of His Maiefty’s Courts of Record at Dublin refpe&ively, or by Civil Bill in the proper Jurifdi&ion ; and One Moiety of fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture (hall be to the Ufe of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffon, and the other Moiety to fuch Perfon or Perfons as (ball inform or fue for the fame.

XLIV. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, from time to time to nominate and appoint any Perfons, not being lefs than Nine nor more than Twenty in Number, to be Commiffioners fpecially for overfeeing, dire&mg and improving the Fiflieries of Ireland, to be called Commiffioners of the Ir& Fiftieries, with Power to them, or any Number of them, by the In-ftrument of Appointment to be determined, to execute or cauXe to be executed the Provifions of this A& in manner herein mentioned, and for that Purpofe to appoint a Secretary, and fuch Clerks and other Officers under them, (luch Secretary, Clerks and .other Officers being firft approved of by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being), as they the

faid



j

A.DM8J9.

59® GEO. lit

C. 109.

603

faid Commiffioners of the Irijb Fifheries (hall think fit; and alfo that it (hall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direct fuch Salaries or Allowances to fuch Secretary, Clerks and other Officers, and to any Officers of the Fiihery to be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland as hereinafter mentioned, and all fuch other Expences as (hall be incurred in the Execution of this Adi, to be paid out of the Revenue of Cuftoms and Port Duties arifing in Ireland, as fuch Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors (hall think fit: Provided always, that no Perfon (hall a6t as Commiffioner under the Authority of tnis Adt, who (hall be concerned diredUy or indiredUy in the faid Fifheries, or any of them.

XLV. And be it further enadted, That the faid Commiffioners of the Irifb Fifheries, to be appointed by virtue of this Adi, before they (hall proceed in the Execution of any Powers or Authorities veiled in them by this Adi (fave only the Power of adminiftering the Oath hereinafter mentioned 1, (hall feverally 'take and fubfcribe the following Oath ; that is to lay,

*	T A.B. do fwear, That I will faithfully and honeftly, according € to the befi of my Skill and Judgment, execute the feverd

*	Powers and Trufts repofed in me by an Adi patted in the Fifty

*	ninth Year of the Reign of His Majefty King George the Thira, 4 intituled [here tn/ert the Title of this according to the Terms

*	and Purport of the faid Adi; and that I am not direduy or indiredUy

*	concerned as an Adventurer in the Fifheries of Ireland or any of 4 them, or as a Curer of Herrings, and that fo long as I (hall con-

*	tinue to adl as a Commiffioner under the faid Adi, I will not be < concerned either diredUy or indiredUy as an Adventurer in the faid 4 Fifheries, or any of them, or as a Curer of Herrings.

* So help me God.’

Which Oath any One of the laid Commiffioners may adminifter to the other or others of them.

XLVI. And be it further enadled, That the faid Commiffioners of the Irtfh Fifheries to be appointed by virtue of this Adl (hall and they are hereby required to deliver or caufe to be delivered annually, on or before the Firfl Day of June in every Year, to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, a full and accurate Report of their Proceeding for the Year preceding; and (hall alfo caule to be laid before both Houfes of Parliament, within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of every Seffion next enfuing fuch Firfl Day of June, a Copy of every fucn Report figned by the faid Commiffioners.

XLVIl. And be it further enadled. That it (hall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint Perfons at the refpedlive Places on the Coaft of Ireland, where Herrings or other Fifh are caught or cured, and at the Ports or Places where Veffels are ufually fitted out for the Irijb Herring Fifhery, and where Veffels employed in the faid Fifhery ufually ducharge their Cargoes, and alfo at the Ports of Exportation, to be Infpe&ors and Officers of the faid Fifheries, and to overlook the curing of all Herring* and other Fifh caught, to take an Account of and dear out all Salt, Nets, Barrels and other

Stores,

Salaries.

Commissioner* for the Irish Fisheries to ba sworn.

Oath.

Commissioners to make Reports to the Lord Lieutenant and to Parliament.

Lord lieutenant to appoint Officers of the Fishery at Porta of Exportation, &c.

C.109.

59* GEO. Ill

A.D. 1819.

Qualification of Persons to be bo appointed.

Officers to obey Orders of Commissioners of Fishery.

Officers of Fishery may be dismissed by Commissioners.

Officers to be sworn.

Oath.

Commissioners may ascertain Measures for Herrings, &c.

Stores, (hipped or put on board any Bufs, Veffel or Boat for the faid Fifhery, and to infpeft and take account of all Herrings and other Fi(h landed or exported, and to certify whether the Fifh are properly pined, cured and packed, fo as to be entitled to the Bounty by this Aft granted, or are fit to be exported: Provided always, that no Perfon (hall be appointed an Officer for the Performance of any of thofe Duties, unleis fuch Perfon (hall be (kilful in the Trade of a Cooper, and in the curing and packing of Herrings and Fiffi, and fully qualified to execute the Duties which will be required of him under the Provifions of this Aft ; Certificates of which Qualification (hall be tranfmitted to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary ; and every fuch Officer fo to be appointed (hall obey fuch Inflruftions, Orders or Direftions, as he (hall from time to time receive from the Com-miffioners of the Irjjh Fiffieries, to be appointed by virtue of this Aft, fignified under their Hands, or under the Hand of their Secretary.

XLVIII. And be it further enafted, That the Secretary and every Clerk or Officer of the Fiffiery to be appointed by virtue of this Aft (hall be liable to be fufpended or di (miffed frqjn his Office or Employment refpeftively, by the faid Commiffioners of the Iri/b Fiffieries, either for the Incompetency or for Negleft of Duty: Provided always, that every Infpeftor, Superintendant and other Officer of the Fiffieries, and the Secretary and every Officer and Clerk of the Commiffioners of the Iri/b Fiffieries, and all Officers whatever appointed by virtue of this Aft, (hall, previous to his entering upon the Duties of his Office, take and fubferibe the following Oath:

4 J A.B. do fwear, That I will faithfully and honeftly, according * to the beft of my Skill and Judgment, execute the Office and 4 Truft committed to me, of [the Name of the Office to he here mem-4 tioned] and that I am not direftly or indireftly concerned as an 4 Adventurer in the Iri/b Fiffieries, or any of them, or in any other 4 Fiffieries, or as a Curer of Fiffi $ and that fo long as I (hall con-4 tinue to aft as [the Name of the Office to he here mentioned] I will 4 not be concerned, either direftly or indireftly, as an Adventurer in 4 the faid Fiffieries, or any of them, or as a Curer of Fiffi.

4 So help me GOD/

Which Oath any one of the faid Commiffioners of the Irifb Fiffieries may adminifter to fuch Officer.

XLIX. And be it further enafted, That the faid Commiffioners of the Irifb Fiffieries (hall be and they are hereby empowered to fix and determine, by Rules or Regulations to be made by them for that Purpofe, the Content or Capacity of every Meafure by which Herrings or other Fiffi taken in the Irijh Fiffiery (hall be bought and fold, alfo the Form or Dimenfions thereof, the Sort or Sorts of Wood of which it (hall be made, the Thicknefs of eveiy Part thereof, the Number, Dimenfions of the Hoops with which it (nail be bound, and whether the Whole or what Part of fuch Hoops (hall be of Iron ; and alfo to determine and direft what Marks or Charafters (hall be fet, and upon what Part or Parts of every fuch Meafure; and alfo to appoint a fit Perfon or Perfons at fuch Place or Places as they (hall think proper to examine the fame; and upon finding any fuch

Meafure

f

A.D. 1815.	596	GEO.	III.	C.	109.

Meafure to be conformable in all refpeds to the Rules or Regulations to be made by the faid Commiflioners as aforefaid, to caufe fuch Marks or Charaders as aforefaid, to be branded thereon with a hot Iron in his prefence, according to the Rules and Regulations aforefaid ; and if at any time after the Fir ft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, any Meafure not fo marked or branded as aforefaid, (hall be made ufe of in the buying or receiving, felling or delivering of Herrings or other Fifh in the Irijh Fiftiery, or on any Part of the Coafts or Shores of Ireland, every Perfon fo making ufe thereof, (hall forfeit the faid Meafure, and alio the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the faid Commiflioners of the Irijh Fifheries (hall caufe the faid Meafure to be deftroyed; and that the Provifions made by this Ad againft the fraudulent branding of Barrels of Herrings with any Mark or Charader by this Ad appointed to be branded thereon, by order and in prefence of an Officer of the Fi(heries, (hall extend and be conftrued to extend to the Subject of this Provifion, and to be put in execution againft any Perfon or Perfons fraudulently branding any Meafure with fuch Marks or Characters as (hall be appointed by the faid Commiflioners, or with any Marks or Characters counterfeiting the fame.

L. And be it further enaCted, That if any Perfon or Perfons (hall aflault, refill, oppofe, moled or hinder any Officer or Officers of the Filhery, or any Perfon or Perfons aCting in his or their Aid or Affiftance in the Execution of this ACt, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, every" fuch Perfon fo offending, (halt for every fuch Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LI. And be it further enaCted, That if any Officer of the faid Fiftiery (hall demand, take or receive, direCtly or indireCtly, any Fee, Gratuity or Reward whatever, other than fuch Salary as (hall be allowed him by the Crown, for any thing done by him in the Execution of this Ad, or of his Office or Employment as aforefaid, every fuch Officer, on being convided thereof, (hall forfeit his Office and the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LI I. And be it further enaded. That the faid Commiflioners of the Irijh Fifheries (hall and may, and they are hereby authorifed to make Rules and Regulations, direding in what Form and Manner every Journal, Declaration or Account, required by this Ad, (hall be kept or made ; and to make and ordain fuch Rules, Orders and Regulations, from time to time, and to alter and vary the fame as they (hall judge expedient, to be obferved, performed and complied with by every Perfon claiming or to claim any of the Bounties granted by this Ad, either in refped of the Veffels to be ufed in the faid Irijh Fifhery, or of the Fifti to be taken or cured, and in all Matters in anywife relating to the faid Fiftiery, or to the Perfons who (hall be engaged or employed in the fame; and that all fuch Rules, Regulations and Orders (hall have the fame Force and Effed, to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame had been contained in this Ad.

LIII. And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiflioners of the Irijh Fifheries (hall from time to time prepare, or caufe to be prepared and printed, an Abftrad or ftiort Statement of the feveral Bounties granted by this Ad, and of the Conditions on which' fuch Bounties are payable, and of the Regulations to be obferved in the faid Fiftiery, in fuch manner as may be eafily qnderftood by the

,	Fifhermen

605

Using Measures not marked by order of Commissioners.

Penalty, Ac.

Provisions of this Act against fraudulent, branding extended to this Provision.

Obstructing Officers of Fisheries*

Penalty aoL

Officers unduly taking Fees.

Loss of Office and Penalty tool.

Commissioners to make Rules as to Form of Journals, &c.

Commissioners to prepare Abstract of Boun- J ties, Regulations, &c ;

C. 109.

59° GEO. lit

A.D. 1819.

signed to be distributed.

Admiralty, on Application of

of Fisheries, to appoint a Su-perintendant.

Oath of Superintendent.

Acting without taking same. Penalty 50L

Power of Superintendent in regulating Fisheries.

FHhermen and others employed in the faid Fiftieries, and (hall caufe fuch Abftraffc or Statement, tinned with the Names of Three of the faid Commiflionert for the fnd Fifliery, to be diftributed at the fcttwl Forts and Places to which the Perfona employed and concerned in the faid Fifliery (hall refort, and to be delivered to the Matters of Fifhing Veffels for the Information of the Crew.

LIV. And be it further enacted. That it (hall be lawful for the Lords Commiflioners of the Admiralty, upon the Application of the faid Commiflioners of the Injh Fiftieries, to appoint One or more Commiffioned Officer or Officefs in His Majefty’s Nary as Super-intendant or Superintendants of the Fiftiery deicribed m this Ad, for the purpofe of caufing the fame to be carried on according to the Regulations of this Ad; and alfo as well for preferring Order among the Perfons employed therein as for proteding them and their Veffels againft Enemies, and under fuch Orders, Rules and Regulations, as (hall be made in that Behalf by the Lords Commiflioners of the Admiralty.

LV. And be it further enaded, That every Perfon who (hall be appointed to be a Superintendant as aforefaid, before he (hall do any Ad in virtue of fuch Appointment, (hall take and fubferibe the Oath hereinbefore required and fet forth before the Commiflioners of the Fiftieries, or any One of them, or before any Colledor of the Cuf-toms in any Port in Ireland, or any Juftice of the Peace, and which Oath fuch Colledor or Juftice of the Peace is hereby authorifed to adminifter J and in cafe fuch Superintendant (hall ad without having firfl taken fuch Oath, he (hall forfeit a Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LvI. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for any Superintendant of the faid Fiftieries, or any Perfon or Perfons ading by his Orders, at all times whenever he (hall think (it, either at Sea or in any Loch or Bay, or on the Coaft during the Continuance of the Fifhery, or after the Return from the Fifhery, to go on board any of the Veffels employed in the Fifhery, under his Superintendence, to infped the Licence and Certificate of Regiftry of fuch Veffel, and the Journal kept by the Mafter, purfuant to tne Directions of this Ad (all which the Mafter of every fuch Bufs or Veffel, on being thereunto required, (hall forthwith produce and deliver to fuch Superintendant, for his Infpedion and Examination, and (hch Superintendant is hereby empowered to detain any fuch Bufs or Veffel, till all or any of the faid Documents demanded by him (hall be fo produced or delivered to him), and to examine whether the Mafter and other Perfons on board the fame are in all refpeds carrying on and profecutingthe faid Fifhery in the manner hereby required ; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall impede or obftrult, or attempt to impede or obftru&, any other Perfon or Perfons in the lawful Pro-fecution of the faid Fifhery, fuch Superintendant (hall require fuch Perfon or Perfons fo impeding or obftru&ing, or attempting to impede or obftru6t, any other rerfon or Perfons, to defift from fo doing; and if fuch Perfon or Perfons fo required to defift (hall dif-regard fuch Requifition, it (hall be lawful for fuch Superintendant to employ fuch Force as (hall be neceffary to compel him or them to preferve Order, if the Mafter or any Part of the Crew are or (hall not be in all refpe&s carrying on and profecuting the Fifhery in the Manner hereby required, or had impeded or obftru&ed, or attempted to impede or obft'ruft any other Perfon or Perfons in the

lawful

6

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 109.

607

lawful Profecution of the faid Filhery, fuch Superintendant (hall report the fame fully and particularly to the faid Commiffioners for the Irijb Fitheries, and (hall deliver one Copy of fuch Report under his Hand to the Mailer of fuch Bufs or Veflel, and (hall tranfmit another Copy to the faid Commiffioners by the firft Opportunity; and if any Pcrfon or Perfona (hall refift or obftrud any fuch Superintendant, or any Perfon. or Perfons ading under him in the Execution of any of the Powers to him or them given by this Ad, every Perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LVII. And be it enaded, That if any Adion (hall be brought for any thine done in purfuance of this Ad, it (hall be commenced within Six Months after the Fad, and the Defendant may plead the General Iffue, and give the fpecial Matter in Evidence, and that the fame was done in purfuance of this Ad ; and if it (hall appear to have been fo done, or if the Adion (hall be brought contrary nereto, the Jury (hall find for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff (hall become nonfuit or fuffer a Difcontinuance of Adion, or if on Demurrer or otherwise Judgment be given againft the Plaintiff, the Defendant (hall have Treble Cofts.

LVIII. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers to be appointed from time to time under the Provifions of this Ad, as Infpedor or Infpedors of the faid Fiffieries, to enter on board every Veflel fitted out for (idling, and lying in any Harbour, Creek or Haven of Ireland, within Headland and Headland, for the purpofe of purchafing Fi(h to cure, to examine and fee that all the leveral Laws and Regulations made or to be made for the better Prefervation and Improvement of the faid Fifheries, be duly'obferved by all and every Perfon or Perfons concerned therein ; and upon any Complaint made or Information given upon Oath to fuch Perfon or Perfons refpedively, which Oath they and each of them is and are hereby empowered to adminifler, againft any Perfon or Perfons relative to -and for the Punifliment of any Offence which (hall be committed againft the Provifions of this A&, to iffue a Warrant or Warrants againft the Perfon or Perfons fo complained of or informed againft, and to caufe fuch Perfon or Perfons fo complained of or informed againft to be apprehended and brought before fuch Infpedor or Inipedors by the Captain or Mailer of the Veflel, if belonging to a Ship, or by the Skipper of the Boat to which fuch Perfon or Perfons may belong; and if it (hall appear to fuch Infpedor or Infpedors, or by the Teftimony upon Oath of fuch Informer, or other Witnjfs or Witnefles, that the Perfon or Perfons fo informed againft or complained of (hall have been guilty of the Offence or Offences with which fuch Perfon or Perlons (hall have been fo charged, then and in every fuch Cafe fuch Infpedor or Infpedors (hall by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, caufe all and every the Fine or Fines to which faid Offender or Offenders is or are or (hall be liable, to be levied by Diftrefs and Sale of the Goods of fuch Offender, and for want of fuch Diftrefs or Payment, to commit the Perfon fo offending to the next County Gaol for any Period not exceeding Three Months ; if the Perfon or Perfons fo complained againft mail abfeond, then the Mafter or Owner of fuch Veflel, or the Skipper of fuch Boat, (hall appear before the faid Infpedor within Twenty four Hours after the Service

Obstructing

SupcriaAeuont.

Penalty icL

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Power of Inspectors to see that Regulations are complied with.

Inspector to levy Fines by Distress, and for want of Distress to commit Offenders.

Masters of Vessels, &c. assisting Offenders to escape.

60S

Penalty ool. Person absconding not to recover Wages, Ac.

Inspector to be sworn.

Inspector and Officers unduly taking Fees or conniving at Offences, Ac.

Penalty 100L Privileges of Revenue Officers extended to Commissioners and Officers of Irish Fisheries, Ac.

Boats proceed* ing to Fisheries, to be numbered, Ac. and registered.

C. 100.	59® GEO. in.	A.D. 1819.

vice of Notice to appear before him ; and if fuch Matter, Owner or Skipper (hall not lufficiently exculpate himfelf, by Affidavit, from being acceflary to the abfconding of fuch Perfon or Perfons, in that Cafe, upon Reprefentation to the Infpe&or to the Commiffioners of the Fittieries, fuch Matter, Owner or Skipper (hall forfeit Twenty. Pounds, and the Perfon fo abfeonding (hall be for ever debarred from recovering any Wages or Share of Fifh to which he would have been otherwife entitled, by reafon of his being a Hand or one of the 'Crew on board fuch Veffel, as alfo all Bounties to which he would otherwife have been entitled.

LIX. And be it further ena&ed, That in order to enforce due Observance of the Duty and Truft fo to be committed to fuch In-fpector or Infpe&ors, every fuch Infpe&or or Infpe&ors (hall, previous to his or their entering into Office, take and tubferibe the Oath hereinbefore required and fet forth, which Oath any Commiffioner of the Fittieries, or any Colle&or of the Cuftoms in any Port in Ireland, is and are hereby empowered to adminitter; and if any fuch Infpe&or or Infpe&ors, or any other Officer or Officers of the Fifti-eries, (hall take any Reward, Fee, Gratuity or other Conttderation (except as is hereinafter provided), from or on behalf of any Perfon employed or concerned in fuch Fittieries, or any of them, or (hall wilfully aflift to conceal or connive at any Fraud or Offence contrary to the Laws ena&ed in that behalf, any fuch Infpe&or or Infpe&ors, or other Officer being guilty of fuch Offence, (hall forfeit his Office and the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LX. And be it further ena&ed, That all Privileges, Prote&ions and Provifions given and ordained by any A& or A&s in force in Ireland, for Officers of the Cuttoms and Excife, on the Occafion of their a&ing in the Execution of their refpe&ive Offices, as to any A&ion or Suit, or the tendering of Amends, or the Payment of Coils, or any thing whatsoever, (hall extend and be applied to the aforefaid Commiffioners of the Iri/h Fittieries, and to the Superin-tendant and the Officers of the Fittieries appointed in purfuance of this A&, and to all Perfons appointed to a& under them, or a&ing in their Aid or Affittance, or in the Execution of this A&, as fully to' all Intents and Purpofes, as if the faid Privileges, Prote&ions and Provifions were exprefslv inferted in this A&, and applied by the fame for and in refpe& ot the Several Perfons aforefaid.

4 LXI. And Whereas a great Number of Sail Boats and fmall 4 Boats proceed every Year to the Fittieries on the Coafts of Ireland,

4 and from the irregular Manner in which they (hoot their Nets, the 4 Fiihery is greatly injured, and the Nets of other Fi(hermen are 4 much damaged, and the Offenders cannot be difeovered fo as to be 4 brought to Juftice ;* Be it ena&ed, That no Boat (hall proceed to the faid Fittieries, unlefs the Name of the Skipper and Number of the Boat is cut or painted in large Chara&ers with White Lead and Oil, on the Stern of the faid Boat, and the Number on the Oars and Buovs belonging to her ; which Boat, and her Number and the Name ot the Skipper, (hall be regiftered with the lnfpe&or or other Officer to be appointed for that Purpofe, of the Dittri& wherein faid Skipper (hall refide; and in cafe any fuch Boat (hall (hoot any Net, or take any Fifh, without Earing the Skipper’s Name and her Number painted, and being regiftered as aforefaid, the Skipper of faid Boat (hall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be recovered

and

Penalty 4Cs.

A J). 1819.

59° GEO. III.

a jo9.

609

and applied in the £une manner as the other Penalties in this Ad ; and fucn Infpedor or other Officer with whom fuch Boat ftiall be fo Officer to ro-regiftered, (hall return an Account of the fame to the Colledor of turn to Col-the Diftrid in which fuch Infpedor or other Officer (hall re fide, lector *» &c-within One Month after fuch Boat fhall have been regillered as afore-	"

faid, in order to be tranfmstted to the CommjjEoners of Fifheries.

4 LXII. And Whereas the Harbours on the Coafta of Ireland 4 have been materially injured by the irregular manner wherein Veffels,

4 reforting to the Fifheries, throw out and pnlade their Ballaft ;* Be

it further enaded, That no Fifhing Veflel or Boat (hall throw out or Regulation* as

difcharge her Ballaft on any Part of the faid Coaft, except at fuch to throwing out

Places (all above Low Water) as fhall be direded and appointed Ballast.

from time to time by the Infpedors of the Fifheries, or other Officers

to be appointed for that Purpofe within their refpedive Diftrids;

and the Mailer or Chief Officer of any Fifhing Veflel, or the Skipper

of any Fifhing Boat, who fhall be convided of having thrown out

or discharged any Ballaft contrary to the Divediqns of this Ad,

(hall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling for every fuch Offence, penalty jl. to be recovered and applied in the fame manner as the other Penalties in this Ad are made recoverable and applicable.

* LXIII. And Whereas the Perfons concerned in the faid Fifheries 4 have frequent Occafions to make ProtefU during the Continuance 4 of the faid Fifhing Seafon, and fuffer great Inconvenience becaufe 4 there is no Notary Public refiding on any Part of the faid Coafl Be it therefore enaded, That from and after palling of this Ad it Inspectors may fhall and may be lawful to and for the feveral Infpedors of the act as Notaries laid Fifheries to receive and make Protefls in the fame manner as the in fame are now ufually made or received by or before any Public	Pro"

Notaries within this kingdom, and that fuch Protefls fo made and * received, fhall be good and valid, and of as high Authority as thofe new ufually made before Public Notaries, and fhall be of equal Credit, and in like manner received as Evidence in all Courts of Juffice, and that each and every of the faid Infpedors fhall and may have and ufe a Seal of Office, whereby to authenticate fuch ProtefU as aforefaid, and fhall alfo be entitled to have and receive for fuch Proteft fo made before or by him, fuch Fee as a Public Notary and tike the would be entitled to in that behalf, and no more; and alfo, that it Bees of Notaries fhall and may be lawful for the faid Infpedors to adminifler fuch th®peon*

Oaths as are or may be neceffary to be made by the feveral Perfons who fhall make Protefls before them.

JLXIV. And be it further enaded, That if any Officer or Officers Bfersonsob-of the Fifheries, or any Perfon or Perfons appointed by or ading^^Jet,"^>&c' under the faid Commiffipners of the Fifheries, being on fhore or fisheries, going on board, or returning frqp* on board, pr being on board any Veflel or Boat engaged in the faid Fifheries, fhall be oppofed, ob-ftrufted or affaulted in the due Execution of his or their Office or Duty, aiw Perfon or Perfons fo oppofing, obilruding or affaulting the utid Officer or Officers in the due Execution of his or their Duty, and all fuch as fhall ad in his or their Aid or Affiflance, fhall arid mmy ** carried may be carried and conveyed befqre One of His Majefty’s Juft ices of	Ju8

the Peace refiding near the Place where fuch Offence fhall be com- ’ milled, or where fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall be apprehended, and fuch Juft ice fhall, upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witjnefs or Witnefles, in cafe he fhall not find fufficient Bail for his 59 Geo. III.	R	r	Appearance

610

C. 109.

69° GEO. in.

A.D.1819.

If found guilty on Indictment,

Misdemeanor. Officers not deemed Trespassers, or liable to Damages, except for Malice.

Lord Lieutenant may order Money to be paid out of Revenue of Customs to Commissioners of Fisheries, for Encouragement of Coast Fisheries.

Commissioners to report Application thereof, &c.

Appearance at the next Quarter Seffions or Affixes to be holden for the County in which the Place aforefaid fhall be fituate, to commit fuch Perfon to the Gaol of fuch County, there to remain until the next Quarter Seffions or Affizes to be holden for faid County, or until fuch Perfon fhall be delivered by due Courfe of Law; and in cafe an Indiftment fhall be found againft fuch Perfon or Perfons, fuch Perfon or Perfons fhall forthwith plead thereto, without having time to traverfe the fame, and if duly convifted thereof, fhall be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor and punilhed accordingly.

LXV. And be it further enafted, That no Supenntendant, or other Officer aft in g in the Execution of -any of the Provifions of this Aft, or in the enforcing any Rules and Regulations made and in force under the Authority thereof, fhall be deemed a Trefpafler, or be liable to any Aftion, Suit or Profecution, for or by realon of any Aft, Matter or Thing, done in the Execution of his Office, or for the carrying the Provifions of'this Aft into Execution, or enforcing any Kulesor Regulations eftablifhed under the fame, and not done by him malicioufly; and if any Perfon (hall bring a Suit or Aftion for any fuch Matter or Thing, and it fhall appear to the Court before which the fame fhall be tried, that the Aft complained of in fuch Aftion or Suit was pot done malicioufly, and the Court (hall certify the fame on the Record, then and in that Cafe the Plaintiff (hall not be entitled to more than Sixpence Damages, nor to any Cofts of Suit.

LXVI. And for the Encouragement of the Coaft Fisheries of Ireland, be it enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, from time to time to direft any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five thoufand Pounds in any one Year, to be paid to the Commiffioner8 of the Irijh Fifheries, out of the Revenues of the Cuftoms and Port Duties m Ireland, to be applied by the faid Com-imffioners in the Encouragement of fuch Coau Filheries, under fuch Orders, Rules, Regulations and Direftions, as the faid Commiffioners (hall from time to time think fit to make for that Purpofe: Provided always, that the faid Commiffioners (hsfll, on or before the Firft Day df June in each Year, report to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, in what manner and under what Regulations fuch Sum or Sums of Money have been applied; and that a Copy of fuch Report figned by the (aid Commiffioners (hall from time to time be laid before both Houfes of Parliament, within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of every .Seffion next enfuing fuch Firft Day of June.

LXVII. And be it further enafted, That an Aft made in the

G. 3. (I.)

96 0.$. (I.)

%1 O. j. (I.) a8 G. 3. (I.)

Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty fifth Year of the'Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled Jin A8far the further Improvement and Extenfion of the Fifheries on the Coafts of this Kingdom ; and alfo an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, to explain and amend the faid recited Aft of the Twenty fifth Year aforefaid; and alfo an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, to amend the faid recited Aft of the Twenty fifth Year aforefaid; and alfo an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft to explain and amend the

Laws

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

611

C.IOM10.

Law relative to the Fijheries on the Coajlt of this Kingdom; all continued by which Adis have, by feveral Adis, been from time to time continued, T^gII£C<g to and rare in force until the Twenty ninth Day of September One ^rethtnto thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, (hall, from and after the faid cease.

Twenty ninth Day of September One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, ceafe and determine, and (hall no longer be in force and effedt.

LXVIII. And be it further enadted. That this Adi (hall be in Continuanoe force for Five Years from and after the palling thereof, and from Act. thence until the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. CX.

An Adi to remove Doubts refpedling the Dues payable to the Levant Company.	[	12th July 1819.3

4 \X J HERE AS His late Maiefty King James the Firft, by His Letters Patent 4 VV Letters Patent bearing date the Fourteenth Day of" December 3 boc. 1.

4 in the Third Year of His Reign, did grant to feveral Perfons therein I4th Det*

4 named, and to their Sons, and fuch others as (hould then after be 4 admitted or made free, that they (hould be One Fellowfliip and 4 One Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name of “ The Governor 4 and Company of Merchants of England trading to the Levant 4 Seas,” and by the fame Name (hornd have perpetual Succeflion:

4 And Whereas His late Majeily King Charles the Second, by His 4 Letters Patent bearing date the Second Day of April in the 4 Thirteenth Year of IBs Reign, did ratify and confirm the faid 13 Car. a.

4 Letters Patent of King James the Firft: And Whereas by an A& sd April,

* made in the Twenty fixth Year of the Reign of His late Majefty a. c. 18.

4 King George the Second, intituled An AS for enlarging and rtgu- $

4 bating the Trade into the Levant Seas, it is amongft other tilings 4 enacted, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every 4 Perfon and Perfons, being free of the faid Company, feparately 4 or jointly to export or caufe to- be exported from any Port or 4 Place in Great Britain to any Port or Place within the Limits of

*	the faid Letters Patent, in any Britijh or Plantation built Ships

*	(navigated according to Law), at any time, and to any Perfon or 4 Perfons whomfoever, being Freemen of the faid Company, or Sons

*	or Apprentices of Freemen (fuch Freemen, Sons or Apprentices 4 being His Majefty’s Chriftian Subje&s), fo long as fuch Perfon or

*	Perlons (hall remain under and fubmit to the Prote&ion and 4 L>ir£6lion of the Britijh Ambaffador and Confuls refpe&ively for 4 the time being, any Goods, Wares or Merchandifes whatfoever, not

*	prohibited'by Law to be exported, and alfo to import in like 4 manner from any Port or Place within the Limits of the faid Letters 4 Patent, Raw Silk or ariv,«gikbr Goods, Wares or Commodities

*	purchased within the faid ^Limits (not prohibited by Law to be 4 imported), upon paying or fecUring the Cuftoms and other Duties

*	payable for the lame to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors,

4 by virtue of any Law now in force or hereafter to be made, and 4 upon paying fuch Impofitions or Sums of Money as (hall be 4 mflefled and charged upon all Goods, Wares or Merchandifes to be'

4 exported or imported as aforefaid, or upon any Ships laden with

1 the fame, for defraying the neceffary Expences of the faid Com-’

; pamy : And Whereas by an A & made in the Twentieth Year of' %o 0.3 r

R r 2	‘the

612

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1619.

CL 110.

13

43 0.3. c. X53*

Si.

the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad to repeal fo much of an Ad made in the Nineteenth Tear of the Reign of Henry the Seventh, or of any other Ads which prohibit the exporting, carrying or conveying Com out of this Realm into Ireland; and fo much of certain Ads made in Great Britain which prohibit the Importation of foreign Hops into Ireland, and which tale off the Drawhacl upon Hops exported from Great Britain to Ireland; and to allow the Importation into and Exportation from Ireland of fuch Goods as may be imported into or exported from Great Britain by tSe Merchants ef England trading to the Levant Seas* it is amongft other things ena&ed, that inch Goods as may lawfully be exported from and imported into Great Britain in Briti/h Ships, by any Perfon or Perfons free of the Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called or known by the Name of €i The Turkey Company,” be exported from or imported into any Port or Place in the Kingdom of Ireland, by any Perfon admitted or to be admitted into and made free of the laid Company, in Briti/h or Irijh Ships or Vefleh legally navigated* on paying fuch Impositions or Sums of Money as frail be afibfled and charged on aH Goods, Wares or Merchandise to be exported and imported as afore laid, or on any Ships laden with the fame, for defraying the neceffary Expenccs of the faid Company: And Whereas Doubts have artfen whether the Dues, Impofitions or A Ae Aments of the faid Turkey Company can legally be coUe&ed in Ireland in refped of fuch Exportations or Importations mentioned in the lafl: mentioned Aft, in confequence of the faid Aft having patted in the* Parliament of Great Britain before the Union with Irelands And Whereas by an A61 made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Msyefty, intituled An Ad to permit* during the Continuance of Hofiihties* and until Six Months after the Ratification of m Dehsutive Treaty of Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland m Neutral Veffels* from States in Amity with His; Mtsyefiy% of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandife* and to empower His Mayfly by Order in Council to prohibit the Exportation of Copper> and to permit the Importation in Neutral Veffels, from States not in Amity with His Majejly, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandife^ it is amongft other things enafted, that it Audi and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons admitted ioto and made free of the Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called or known by the Name of The Turkey Company, to import into the United Kingdom any Goods or Commodities which have heretofore ufually been imported from Turkey or Egypt* or from any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, in any Ship or Veffel built in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland* navigated according to Law, or in any Ship or Veffel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeffors, navigated by foreign Semen from any Port or Place whatsoever, upon Payment ot the fame Duties, if imported in Briti/h or Irijh built Ships, as the like Goods would be fubjeft and liable to if imported in Brttfb or Irt/h buit Ships direftly from the Place of their Growth, Produ&on or Manufafture, but if fuch Goods Audi be imported in any foreign built Ship or VeAel, then and in fuch Cafe the Goods fb imported* frail be fubjeft to the Duties which fuch Goods would have been

< fubjed

A.D. 1819.

590 geo. nr.

C.UO.

619

*	fubieft and Hable to if the had laft recited Ad had not been made;

4 ana it is by the (hid Ad further enaded, that no Entry (hall be $4*

1 fuffered to pafs at any Cuffom Houfe in the United Kingdom for 4 any fuch Goods of the Growth, Produdion or Manufacture of 4 Turkey or Egypt, or of any of the Dominions of the Grand Seignior,

4 as before the paifing of the faid Ad might be imported only from

*	fuch Ports or Places in the Streights or Levant Seas as are within ‘ the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, or for any Drugs which

*	would hare been liable to the Payment of higher Duties when not 4 imported diredly from the Place of their Growth or Production,

*	and which by the Authority of the faid A6t are permitted to be

*	imported in manner aforefaia, until the Perfon. importing or entering

*	the fame (hall produce to the Collector or other proper Officer of 4 His Maiefty's Cuftoms in Great Britain, and to the proper Officer 4 of the Rr renue in Ireland at the Pbrt of Importation* a Certificate 4 under the Hand of the Collector of the Duties for the faid Turkey

*	Company, certifying that fuch Perfon is free of the faid Company,,

4 and that he has paid the Duties impofed on fuch Goods by the 4 faid Company, anil has conformed in all refpeda to the Rules and 4 Regulations of the faid Company relative thereto; and by the faid 4 Aft it is further enaded, that ail Goods, Wares and Merchandife

4 of the Produce of Countries within the Levant Seas, imported! .

4 into Great Britain under the Authority of the find Ad, (hall be 41 fubjeft and liable to the Duties payable to the Levant Company*

4 in Eke manner as if fuch Goods, Wares and Merchandife had been 4 imported into Great Britain diredly from Turkeys And Whereas 4 by an Ad made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Rfeign of His 55 G* k c. 19.

*	prefent Majefty, intituled An A8 to regulate the Trade Ae/cror* Malta 4 and he Dependencies and Hit Majefty9! Colonies and Plantations in 4 America, and alp> between Malta and the United Kingdom, it is

4 amongft other things enaded, that it (hall be lawful for any Perfon $ 9*

4 or Perfbna to import from the I (land of Malta, or the Depen*

4 dende* thereof, into the United Kingdom, any Goods, Wares or 4 Merchandife not prohibited to be imported, beingof the Growth,.

4 Produce and Manufacture of any Country or Place within the

*	Streights or Levant Seas, in Britijb built Ships or Veflels, owned,

4 navigated and regiftered according to Law, and in no other Ship or 4 Veflel whatever, on Payment of fuch'Duties as now are ot hereafter.

4 may be due and payable on fuch Goods, Wares or Merchandife 4 when, imported into Great Britain or Ireland refpedively;	1

4 that all fiich Goods, Wares and Merchandife, beingof the 4 Produce or MfcnufaChire ,of any Place within the Dominions of 4 the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, fo imported under 4 the Authority of this Ad, (hall be fubjed and liable to the Pay-4 meat of the fame Duties- to the Company of Merchants of England'

4 trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called or known by the 4 Name of The Turkey Company,, as (hall be payable on the like 4 Articles when imported dired from Turkey by Perfons being 4 Members of the faid Company ; and it is thereby further enaded,

4 that it (hall and may be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons admitted $ zx. 4 into and made free of the faid Company of Merchants of England 4 trading into the Levant Seas, to import into the United Kingdom 4 from the faid Ifland of Malta, or the Dependencies thereof, in 4 Britijb built Ships or Veflels, Qwned, navigated and regiftered

R r 3

4 according

614

6'

57 Ck 3. c. 4.

M

Goods of Tur-, key or Egypt,

. Ac. imported - directly from thence, liable \ to Duties pay-t‘ able to Turkey Company,

‘ under recited Letters Patent and Acts.

Powers of recited Acta ; extended to , this Act.

Public Act.

C. 110.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

according to Law, any Raw Silk or Mohair Yarn, being the Growth or Produ&ion of any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, provided that all fuch Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn fo imported into the United Kingdom fhall be fubjed and liable to the Duties due and payable to the faid Turkey Company, in like manner as if fuch Raw Silk or Mohair Yarn had been imported into the United Kingdom dire&ly from Turkey: And Whereas by an Adi made in the Fifty feventh Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled yin Aft to extend the Privileges of the Trade of Malta to the Port of Gibraltar, it is enaded, that the Trade between Gibraltar and His Majefty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, and alfo between Gibraltar and the United Kingdom* fhall and may be carried ou in like manner, and under the like Rules, Regulations and Reftri&ions, and fubjed to the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided by the faid Ad with refped to Malta and His Majefty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, and alfo between Malta and the United Kingdom, as if the fame were particularly and exprefsly repeated and re-ena&ed in the Body of the faid A d made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty: And Whereas it is expedient to remove all Doubts as to the Payment of the Dues, Duties or lmpofitions granted to the faid Company :* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enaded by The Kind’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of tne Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this Ad, all Goods, Wares and Merchandife, to whomfoever belonging, of the Growth, Produ&ion or Manufa&ure of Turkey or Egypt, or of any of the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, imported into the United Kingdom dire&ly from Turkey or Egyptj or from any of the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, or from any other Countiy or Place, (hall be fubjed and liable to the Duties payable to the faid Turkey Company under and by virtue of the faid feveral Letters Patent and Ads of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned, or any or either of them.

II.	And he it further enaded. That all and every the Claufes, Rules and Regulations in the faid feveral Ads contained, for the purpofe of fecuring and enforcing the Payment of the faid Duties to the faid Company, (hall be and they are hereby declared to be in full Force and Efted, as fully and eifedually as if the fame bad been repeated and rc-cna&ed in the Body of this Ad, any thing in any Ad or Ads to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	And be ft further enaded. That this Ad fhall be deemed and~taken to be a Public Ad, and fhall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without beiog fpecially pleaded*

C AP-

A.DL1819.

59° GEO. IH.

Clll

6J5

CAP. CXI.

An A€t to repeal fo much of an A€t palled in the Fifty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, as relates to the Foliage and Conveyance of Letters to and from the Cape of Good Hopey Ceylon, the Mauritius, told the Eajl Indies; and to make other Regulations refpefling the Poftage of fuch Letters and Packets, and other Letter* and Packets fent by the Poll.

WHEREAS an A& was pafled in the Fifty fifth Year of 55 G. 3. c.153* the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for §*•

*	granting certain Rates on the Foliage of Letters to and from Great < Britain, the Cape of Good Hope, the Mauritius, and the Eaft ‘ Indies, and for making certain Regulations rejpeSing the Pojlage of

*	Ship'Lettersy and of Letters in Great Britain : And Whereas it is

*	expedient that the faid A6fc, fo far as it relates to the Poftage and

*	Conveyance of Letters, Newfpapers, printed Prices Current, and

*	printed Papers, to and from the Cape of Good Hopey Ceylon$ the ‘ Mauritius, and the Eaft Indies, (houla be repealed, and that other

*■ Regulations Ihould be made in lieu thereof $’ Be it therefore ena&ed	x

by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and’ by the Authority of the fame*

That from and after the palling of this A& the faid A&of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, fo far as relates, to the Poftage and Conveyance of Letters, Newfpapers, printed*

Prices Current, and printed Papers, to and from the Cape of Good.

Hopey Ceylony the Mauritius, and the Eaft Indies, (hall be and the repealed, fame is hereby repealed.	*	*

II.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further ena£ted. That Penalties in-my Penalty which (hall have been incurred for any Offence contrary curred may be to the Provifions of the faid recited A&, previoufly to the palling of recovered, this A&, (hall and may be recovered and applied in the fame Manner,

to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the faid recited A& had not been -repealed.

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful The following

for His. Majefty’s Poftmatter General, to demand, have, receive and Rates of Posttake for every Letter or Packet which (hall be brought into Great	be P“d*

Britain by any Ship or Veffel arriving from Ceylon9 the Mauritiusy,

or any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the United.

Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies y or	»

from the Cape of Good Hopcy the Rates following; that is to fay,

For every fuch Letter or Packet, a Sea Poftage of Four pence; Rates for Let. provided the fame (Hall not exceed the Weight oF Three Ounces:	tors from Jngia

And for every Letter or Packet exceeding the Weight of Three Ounces, a Sea Poftage of One Shilling per Ounce,, in addition to any of G*od Hopt* inland or internal Poftage which may arife upon the inland Conveyance of fuch Letters and Packets.	,

And for the Encouragement of the Mafters oc Commanders of fuch Allowance so Ships or Veffels, it (hall be lawful for the Poftmafter General to Commanders allow to every fuch Commander or Maftcr the Sum of Tw	&c.

[I2th July 1819.]

R r 4

616

C.II1

sr GEO. III.

A.D. 1819

a Letter or Packet, upon all fuch Letters and Packets a* he or d*7 refpefhvely, on their Arrival frQm Ceylon, the Mauritius, or any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the faid United Company, or from the Cape of Good Hope, (hall deliver unto the Deputy or Deputies of the Poftmafler General, according to the Dire&ions "hereinafter contained.

Letters may be forwarded to India.

Rates for Isetters to India.

Rates for Mews* papers, &c.

Letters, &c. may be forwarded in any other manner thaq through the Post Office.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto authorifed, in his and their Difcretion, to colle& and receive Letters and Packets of Letters dire&ed to Ceylon, the Mauritius, or any Port or Place within the Limits of the faid United Company’s Charter, or to the Cape of Good Hope, and to forward the fame by any Ships or Veffels that he in his Difcretion (hall think fit; and alfo that it (hall and may be lawful to and for His Majefty *s Poftmafter General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto authorifed, to and for the Ufe of His Majefty, His Heirs and Succefiors, to demand, have, receive and take, for every Letter or Packet that (hall be delivered to him, or to his Deputy, for Conveyance in manner hereinbefore fpecified, the Rates following ; that is to fay,

For every fuch Letter a Sea Poftage of Two pence; provided the fame (hall not exceed the Weight of Three Ounces:

And for every Letter or Packet exceeding m Weight Three Ounces, a Sea Poftage at the Rate of One Shilling per Ounce: any Law, Statute, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary thereof not* withftanding.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, and his Deputy or Deputies by him thereunto authorifed, in hi^ and their Difcretion, to receive Newfpapers or printed Price Currents, and alfo any printed Paper liable to thfe Stamp Duties and duly damped, for Conveyance to fuch Places as aforefaid ; and alfo that it (hall and may be lawM to and for His Majefty’s Poftmafter General, and his Deputy and Deputies, to and for the Ufe of .His Majefty, His Heirs and Suc-ceflors, to demand, have, receive and take, for the Conveyance of the fame, the Sum of One Penny for each Packet not exceeding One Ounce, and for each Packet exceeding One Ounce, at the Rate of One Penny per Ounce ; provided always, that the fame be lent in Covers open at the Sides.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That nothing herein contained (hall be conflrued to oblige any Perfon or Periods to fend any Letters or Packets of Letters, or any Newfpapers, or printed Price* Current, or any other printed Papers, to the Eajl Indies, or to the Iflands of Ceylon or the Mauritius, or any Port or Place whatsoever within the Limits of the Charter of the faid United Company, or to the Cape of Good Hope, through His Majefty’s Poft Office, but that it (hall be lawful for all Perfons to fehd Letters and Packets of Letters, Newfpapers, printed Prices Current, and other printed Papers to thofe Places in any manner that they may find pra&icablc ana convenient.

Commanders of VII. And be it further ena&ed, That the Commanders of all Ships bound to Ships or Veffels bound to Ceylon, the Mauritius, or any IV>ft or East Indies re- Place within the Limits of the Charter of the faid United Company, quired to take	0

Bags.

A J). 1819.

50° GEO. IIL

C.111,



617

or to the Cape of Good Hope, are hereby required to receive on board their refpe£ttve Ships any Bag or Bags of Letters and Packets which mall be tendered to them for Conveyance as aforefaid by the Poftxnafter General, or his Deputy and Deputies, without receiving or being entitled to receive any Remuneration for^fuch Conveyance.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any fuch Commander (hall refute to receive on board his Ship any fuch Bag or Bags of Letters and Packets, which (hall be to tendered to him for Conveyance as aforefaid, or having received on board any fuch Bag or Bags, (hall wilfully negle& to deliver the fame on his Arrival at the Port or Place of his Dedination, then and in either of fuch Cafes, fuch Commander (hall forfeit and pay a Penaky of Two hundred Pounds.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall be lawful for the Court of Dire&ors of the (laid United Company, or the Secret Committee appointed by the faid Court, in pursuance of Two A&s pailed in the Thirty third and Fifty third Years of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, to receive free from all Duty of Poftage from the feveral Governments in India, or from any Agent or other Officer of the (aid Company, at any Place within the Limits of the Charter of the faid Company, any Letter or Packet relating entirely to the Affairs of the (aid Company, and in like manner to fend any fuch Letters and Packets aadreffed to fuch Governments, Agents or other Officers, free from all Duty of Poftage; provided that all Letters fo tent be fuperfcribed by the Chairman or Deputy Chairman, or Secretary or Affiftant Secretary of the faid Company.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Court of Directors, Secret Committee, ana Secretary or Affiftant Secretary of the faid United Company, to receive from any Officer or Agent of the faid Company abroad any Letters or Packets entirely relating to the Affairs of the faid Company by Ships in the Service of the faid Company, in the maimer heretofore accuftomed, without Payment of any Poftage, and without fubje&ing any Perfon to any Penalty or Forfeiture in refpe& thereof.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed. That it fhall be lawful for the Commiffioners for the Affairs of India, and for the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the faid Eajt India Company for the time being, to fend and receive Letters and Packets to and from Ceilon, the Maurkm, or any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of thefrid Company, or to and from the Cape of Good Hope, free from all Duty of Poftage; provided that no fuck Letter or Packet exceed the Weight of Tnree Ounces.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing in this A£t contained (hall extend, or be conilrued to extend, to prevent fuch public Officers as may now fend and receive Letters and Packets free of Poftage, from fending and receiving Letters and Packets free from any Poftage directed to be paid by this Aft., in the

'fame manner as they are now authorifed by Law to fend and receive Letters and Packets free from Poftage.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful For the Secretary to the Board of Commiffioners for the Affairs of India for the time being, to fend and receive Letters and Packets by the Pqft free from the Duty of Poftage, in the fame maimer and

under

Refusing to . receive, or neglecting to deliver.

Penalty SocL

Court of Directors and Secret Committee may receive and send Letters, Sec, as herein mentioned, free, 4c.

Proviso.

And may receive same by Company's , Ships free.

So as to Commissioners for India and Chairman of Company;

and as to Public Officers who now tend and receive Letters free.

Privilege of franking to Secretary of Board of Con-troul.

C. lit.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Letters from Governor of Ceylon, Ac. to Agents of such Government* free.

Directors nuy receive certain Letters free of Sea Postage; so may Ex-Directors for. One Year.

Owners of Ships may receive Letters by their own Vessels free ot Sea Postage. Proviso.

As also Owners or Consignees-of Goods.

Proviso.

Falsely superscribing Letters as Ship Owners, Ac.

Penalty ioL

Owners, &c. may obtain certain Letters

under finch Regulations and Rettridions as the Under Secretaries to His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State are, by an Ad patted in the Forty fecond Year of His prefent' Majefty’s Reign, or by any other Ad, or by this Ad, authorifed to fend and receive Letters and Packets free from Pottage.

' XIV. And be it further enaded, That nothing in this or any other Ad contained fhall'extend to charge with the Duty of Pottage any Letters or Packets addreffed by the Governors of His Majefty’s Settlements of Ceylon, the Cape of Good Hope, or the Mauritius, or by the Secretaries of fuch Governments refpedively, to the Agent* of thofe refpedive Governments refiding in England, or by fuch Agpnts to fuch Governors or Secretaries : Provided always, tnat the Cbntents of fuch Letters and Packets relate bond'fide to the Public Service or Concerns of fuch Governments, and fuoh Governor, Secretary or Agent refpedively fuperferibe the fame.

XV- And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the Diredors of the faid Company for the time being, to receive Letters and Packets free from Sea Pottage, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the faid United Company, by Ships in the Service of the faid'Company ; provided that the Letters and Packets brought by any one fuch Ship to be received by any fuch Diredor, do not colledively exceed the Weight of Six Ounces; and that fuch Perfons as (hall, have been Diredors may continue to receive fucE Letters and Packets free from Pottage for One Year after they refpedively (hall have ceafed to be Diredors.

AVI. And be it further enaded, That it fltall be lawful for the Owners, Charterers or Confignees of Veffel*, refident in Great Britain, to receive their Letters by their own Veffels, from Ceylon, the Mauritius, or any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the faid United Company, or from the Cape of Good Hope, free from Sea Pottage; provided that fuch Owners, Charterers or Con-fignses fhall be deferibed as fuch in the Addrefs and Superfcription of foch Letters, and that fuch Letters brought by any one Veflel to any one Owner, Charterer or Confignee, (hall not colledively exceed the Weight of Twenty Ounces.

XVII.	And he it further enaded* That’it (hall be lawful for the Owners or Confignees of Goods on board Ships arriving from Ceylom, the Mauritius, or any Port or Place within the Charter of the faid’ United Company, or from the Gape of Good Hope, to receive Letters free from the Sea Pottage by fuch- Ships; provided that fuch Owners or Confignees fhall be deferibed as fuch in the Addrefs and Superfcription thereof; and provided it fhall appear by the Ship’s Manifeft, that fuch Perfons adually] have Goods on board fuch Ships; and that the Letter or Letters brought by any one fuch. Ship, for any one fuch Owner or Confignee, malb not cofle&krdy exceed the Weight of Six Ounces.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any Ferfon whatfoever fhall falfely fuperferibe any Letter, as being the Owner, Charterer or Confignee of the Veffel conveying the fame, or the Owner, Shipper or Confignee of the GoodB (hipped m the Veffel, every fuch Perton and Perfons fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That fuch Owners, Charterers, Confignees and Shippers, may on the Account of fuch Ship obtain

fuch

A.D.181&

59° GEO. IIL

C.I11.

619

fuch Letters as they refpeftivcly may be entitled to receive free of before De-Sea Poflage as aforefaid, from the Mailer of fuch Ship, before he jhjjjT ** Post] /hall make his Delivery at the Poll Office in manner hereinafter ^™oe* direfted ; but nothing in this Aft (hall entitle fuch Owners or Con* fjgnees to take away any Letters whatever not within the Limitation of Weight and Superfcription.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any Colleftor, Certain Letters Comptroller or other Officer of His Majefly’s Cufloms, (hall find of Owners, 4c. any Letter or Letters fuperfcribed as the Letters of fuch Owners,

Charterers, Confignees or Shippers, exceeding the Weight limited office, by this Aft, then it fhall be lawful for fuch Colleftor, Comptroller or other Officer, to feize fo many of the Letters as (hall reduce the Remainder within the proper Weight, and he (hall take the fame to the neared Pod Office ; and the rod Mader of the Place (hall pay to the Officer delivering the fame at the Rate of Sixpence for eacn Letter or Packet fo feized.

XXL And be it further enafted. That on the Arrival of any Ship Masters of or Veflel off the Coad of Great Britain, the Mader (hall caufe aD v®88®180” ^ Letters on board his Ship (except fuch Letters as may be obtained	midaesl

by fuch Owners, Charterers, Confignees and Shippers as aforefaid, and	(Ex-

except Letters and Packets exceeding the Weight of Three Ounces) ception,) and to be collefted and enclofed in fome Bag, Box or other Envelope, to deliver thgm at be fealed with his Seal, andto.be addreffed to any of His Majefty’s Deputy Podmadero in Great Britain, to be in readinefs to fend on ^ere,sSp*b° Shore by his own Boat or by the Pilot Boat, or any other fafe and reports, and sign convenient Opportunity, in order that the. fame may be delivered at the following the fird regular Pod Office which can be communicated with, and Declaration, be didributed from thence by the earlied Inland Pods; and (hall likewife caufe all Letters and rackets exceeding the Weight of Three Ounces (except fuch as may be obtained by Owners, Charterers,

Confignees and Shippers as aforefaid), to be collefted and enclofed in fome Bag, Box or other Envelope, to be fealed and addreffed as aforefaid, and (hall deliver the fame at the regular Port or Place where the Ship or Veffel (hall report, and (hall at fuch port or Place (ign a Declaration in the Prefence of the Pcrfon authorised by the Podmader General at fuch Port or Place, who (hall alfo (ign the fame; which Declaration (hall be in the Form or to the Effeft . following $ that is to fay,

‘ T A. B* Commander of the {Jlate the Nam of the Ship or Veffel]

*	arrived from {fate the Place] do, as required by Law, Solemnly ‘ declare. That I nave, to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief,

*	delivered, or caufed to be delivered to the Pod Office, every

*	Letter, Bag, Package or Parcel of Letters that were on board ‘ the £Jiate the Name of the Ship] except fuch Letters as are exempted

*	by Law.*

And that until fuch Declaration (hall be made and produced to the Refusing, Ac. Comptroller or Principal Officer of the Cudoms, he or they (hall to make De- ‘ not permit fuch Ship or Veffel to report.	deration.

XXII. And be it further enafted, That if any Mader of any Penalty joh Ship or Veffel (hall willingly refufe or negleft to make or produce the faid Declaration, he (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence, the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

JCXIII. And

C.L11.

59« GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Permitting Vessels to report, until Regulations complied with. Penalty 50L

Having Letters on board after Delivery at Post Office, &c»

Penalty 5L

Revenue Officers fto search Packages.

Penalty hoar divided.

Breaking Seals of Letters.

Penalty aoL

Commanders of Ships of War to send Letters to Post Office.

Allowance.

Money due to Masters of Vessels to be paid by Postmaster General.

Penalties how to be recovered and applied.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any Colleftor, Comptroller or Principal Officer, hereby required to prohibit any Ship or Veflel reporting until the Requifites of this Aft (hall be complied with, (hall permit fuch Ship or Veflel to report, fuch Colleftor, Comptroller or Officer, for permitting fuch Ship or Veflel to report, (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That if, after the Mailer of any Veflel (hall have fent his Letters to the Poft Office of any Port at which he may touch, prior to his arriving at that Port where the Ship or Veflel is to report, any Letter or Packet not exempted by this Aft (hall be found on board his Veflel, in his Pofieffion, or in the Pofieffion of any of his Crew, or any Paffenger on board, every fuch Perfon knowingly having fuch Letter or Packet in his Pofieffion or in his Baggage, mall forfeit and pay for every Letter the Sum of Five Pounds.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for fuch Colleftor, Comptroller or other Officer, at any Port or Place whatsoever, who in the due Execution of his Duty as a Revenue Officer fhall difeover any Letters or Packets on board any Veflel, in any Port or Place whatfoever, contrary to the Proviflons of this Aft, to feize and take all fuch Letters and Packets, and to forward the fame to the Poftmafter General or his Deputy at the Port or Place; and that the Officer feizing and fending the feme fhall be entitled to One Moiety of the Penalty which may be recovered for any fuch Offence; and that in all Cafes of fuch Seizure, the Proof that the Proviflons of this Aft have been complied with, fhall lie on the Perfon in whofe Pofieffion or Baggage the Letters or Packets (hall be found.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted. That if any Perfon to whom, any Letters may be entrufted by the Mailer of any Ship or Veflel, fealed up in the manner required by this Aft, fhall break the Seal, or in any manner open the feme, or fhall not duly deliver the fame without wilful or unavoidable Delay, every Perfon fo offending fhall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted. That m cafe any Bags, Packages or Parcels of Letters fhall be brought by any Ship of War, the Commander thereof (hall caufe the fame, and all Letters which may be on board (except the public Difpatches of Goiem-meut), to be immediately fent to the Poft Office at the firft Port where he (hall arrive; and fuch Commander fhall, for all fuch Letters, be entitled to receive the feme Allowances as are payable to the Mailers of other Ships and vVeffels.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe it fhall hippos from any unforeseen Circumflances, that the Mailer of any Ship or Veflel, or the Commander of any Ship of War, fhall upon delivering his Bags, Packages or Parcels of Letters, be prevented from receiving the Money to which he fhall be entitled, liich Mailer or Commander fhall neverthelefe be paid the feme, by the Order of the Poftmafler General, at fuch other Places as may be mod convenient.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That one Moiety of the Several pecuniary Penalties hereby impofed fhall be payable to the Ufe of His Majefly, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to any Perfon who fhall inform and fue for the fame, to be recovered with full Cofta of Suit, by Aftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information,

A.D. 1819.

59* GEO. Ill

C. 111.

621

ation, in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record in Great Britain, wherein no Effoign, Protection or Privilege, or Wager of Law, (hall be admitted.	,

XXX. And be it further ena&ed, That in any ACtion or Suit againft any Perfon or Perfons, for collecting, carrying, conveying, delivering or fending Letters or Packets contrary to the Provifions m an ACfc made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majefty

Sueen Anne, intituled An AS for efiabli/bing a General Pojl Office for f Her Maicjly’s Dominions, and for fritting a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other Her MajeJly's Occafions ; or contrary to the Provifions in an ACt made in the Forty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for amending fo much of an A3 palled in tie Seventh Tear of the Reign of His prefent MajeJly, as relates to the Jecretmg, embezzling or deftroying any Letter or Packet Cent by the Poft; and for the better Prote3ion of fetch Letters and Packets ; and for more cjfcBually preventing Letters and Packets being fent otherwije than by the Poft; or in either of them, or contrary to the Provifions of this ACt, the Prooif that the Letters or Packets were collected, carried, conveyed, delivered or fent, according to the Provifions contained in the faid laft mentioned ACts, or one of them, or according to the Provifions contained in this prefent ACt fas the cafe may require), (hall lie ou the Perfon or Perfons againil whom fuch Action or Suit (hall be brought for delivering or fending the fame.

XXXI. And be it further enaCted, That the Monies’ to arife by the feveral Rates and Duties as aforefaid (except the Monies whicn (hall be neceffary to defray fuch Expences as (hall be incurred in the Management and Collection of the fame), (hall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Wefeminjler, and carried -to and made Part of the Confolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

XXXII. And be it further enaCted, That if any ACtion or Suit (hall be commenced againft any Perfon or Perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ACt, the fame (hall be commenced within Twelve Months after the Fa£t committed, and not afterwards ; and the Defendant or Defendants in fuch ACtion or Suit (hall and may plead the General IfTue, and give this ACt and the Special Matter m Evidence, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the Authority of this ACt; and if it (hall appear fo to be done, or that fuch ACtion or Suit (hall be commenced after the time before limited for bringing the fame, that then the Jury (hall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon a VerdiCt for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (nail be nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her or their ACtion or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants (hall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment (hall be given againft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants fhall and may recover Treble Cofts, and have the like Remedy' for the fame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cafes by Law.

XXXIII. Provided always, ahd be it further enaCted, That nothing in this* ACt contained (hall extend or be coiiftrued to extend to any Letters or Packets to or from China, but that they may be fent and carried as heretofore has been ufed, any riling to the contrary herein contained in any way notwkhftanding.

CAP.

In Actions brought for carrying Letters contrary to the Provisions of 9 Anne, c. io. or 4% G. 3. c. 8i. or of this Act, Proof shall lie on the Defendant.

Application of the Rates.*

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Proviso for Letters, Ac. to or from China.

C. 113, 114.

fi9° GEO. Ill

A.D.1810.

Benefit* to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery returning to any Port in Ireland.,

Whale Boats not liable to Seizure on account of their Built, Ac.

Proviso.

which {hall fo fail and arrive within the time* herein lad mentioned, with the greateft Quantity of Oil and Head Matter, taken together, being not left in the whole than Thirty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures being in thole Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of fuch Ship or Veffel in the faid Voyage, either outward or homeward; and there (hall be paid and allowed Five hundred Pounds to each of Nine of Inch Ships and Veflels laft before mentioned, which (hall fo fail and arrive within the times herein laft before mentioned, with the next greateft Quantity of Oil and Head Matter, taken together, being not left in the whole than Thirty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures being in thofe Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of fuch Ship or Veflel in the laid Voyage, either outward or homeward.

V.	And be it further enafted, That all Ships which (ball dear out for the Southern Whale Fiihery, and (hall return to any Port in Ireland with a Cargo of Oil, the Produce of the faid Fiihery, within the Period limited by this Aft, (hall be entitled to.all the Benefits and Advantages arifing from Bounties, Remiffion of Duties, or otherwife granted by the faid recited Afts of the Thirty fifth and Fifty fifth Years of tne Reign of His prefent Majefty, in the like manner, and to the fame Extent, as if fuch Ships had returned to any Port in Great Britain.

VI. And be it further enafted. That no Boat ufed as and commonly called a Whale Boat, belonging to any Ship or Veffel employed in the faid Fiihery to the Greenland Seas or Davis9! Sfreights* or in the Fiihery carried on in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Danis’s Streights> (hall be liable to Seizure for or on account of her Built, Dimenfions or Conftruftion, provided on the Return of fuch Ship or Veflel from the Fifheries, at the End of every Seafon, fuch Boat (hall be laid up by the Owner or Owners thereof in fuch Place or Places as (hall be approved of by the Principal Officer of His Majefty’s Cqftoms of the Port at which fuch Ship or Veflel (hall arrive, and (hall not be employed or made ufe of in any way whatever but in the faid Fiiheries.

CAP. CXiV.

An Aft to flay Proceedings againft any Governor or other Perfons concerned in impofing and levying Duties in New South Wales; to continue, until the Firil Day of January One thonfand eight hundred and twenty one, certain Duties* and to empower the faid Governor to levy a Duty on Spirits made in the faid Colony.	[tafth	July	1819.3

4 TXT HERE AS fince the Eftablifluncnt of a Colony in New 4 W South Wales, the Governors, or other Perfons adminiftering 4 the Government thereof, have from time to time caufed to be rafted * and levied certain Rates and Duties upon Goods, Wares and 4 Merchandise imported into or exported from the Settlements 4 therein: And Whereas it is expedient that the faid Governors and 4 all other Perfons who may have advifed, iffued or executed any 4 Order with refpeft to the railing or levying any fuoh Rates or 4 Duties (hould be protefted from vexatious Suits until further

Provision

A.D.1819,

59° GEO. Ill

C.JU

625

* Provifion (hall be made bj Parliament Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That, until the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight Till Jan. i, hundred and twenty one, nq perfonal Action or Suit, Indictment, ”° Ac" Information, Profecutioi* or Proceeding whatfoever, {hall be pro-fccuted or commenced againft any Governor of New South Wales, Governors or or againft any Perfon or Perfons, for having advifed, commanded others for tevy-or carried into execution any Orders for the Levy of any Rate ing Rates or or Duty in the faid Colony previous to the paffing of this Ad j	Prior

and that if any Adion or Suit, Indidment, Information or other Proceeding {hall be profecuted or commenced againft any Perfon	**.

or Perfons, for or by reafon of any fuch Ad, Matter or Thing fo advifed, commanded, appointed or done, it {hall be lawful for the Defendant in any fuch Adion, Suit, Indidment or Information as aforefaid, to apply to the Court in which fuch Adion {hall be brought, during the Sitting of fuch Court, or to any Judge of fuch Court during Vacation, for Stay of Proceedings, and fuch Court' and fuch Judge refpedively are hereby required to flay fuch Proceedings accordingly until the faid Firft Day of January One thou-fand eight hundred and twenty one.

II.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the paifing of this Ad, until the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hun-dred and twenty one, it {hall be lawful for the Governor, or other

Perfon adminiftering the Government of New South Wales, to order may be col* and dired the Levy of any Rate or Duty which may have been lected or dia-impofed or ufually colleded or levied in tne faid Colony previous continued, to the palling of this Ad, and no other: Provided alfo, that nothing herein contained {hall be conftrued to prevent the faid Governor, or other Perfon adminiftering the Government of the faid Settlement, from ordering at any time the Difcoxxtinuance of any Rate or Duty heretofore impofed, colleded or levied within the laid Colony or Settlement.

III.	And be it further enaded. That it Ihall and may be lawful Governors for the Governor or other Perfon adminiftering the Government of empowered the faid Colony for the time 'being, to order and dired the Levy to

of a Duty upon any Spirits made within the Colony, although no within fuch Duty may have been heretofore impofed and colleded; pro- the Colony, ▼ided always, that the Amount of fuch Duty {hall in no Cafe Proviso, exceed the Amount of Duty levied and paid upon Spirits imported hi to the faid Colony and Settlements; and it {hall be lawful for the Governor to make fuch Rule* and Regulations as may be neceffary for the Collection and Levy of the fame, in the fame manner as if the faid Duty upon Spirits made within the faid Colony had been impofed, colleded and levied previous to the paffing of this Ad ; any thing in this Ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

S f

59 Gko. III.

CAP.

626

C.115.

59* GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

43 G. •• C. 69. Sch. A. Tit. Glass.

45 G. 3. c. 30. 5% G.c. 94. 43 G. 3. c. 69. Sch. C. Tit. Glass.

45 G.3. c.30. Sched. A. and

B.	Tit. Glass. 5 a G. 3. c. 94. Sched. A. B.

C.	Tit. Glass.

Duties payable in Great Britain ion Materials in making Plate Glass, &c. of a certain Thickness, and on Plate Glass imported from Ireland of the Description herein mentioned, and also the Drawbacks repealed*

(except Ar->0

and in lien thereof the Duties following.

CAP. CXV.

An A€t to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Excife on Plates or Sheets of Plate Glafs, and to impofe other Duties and allow other Drawbacks in lieu thereof.

[I2th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by certain A€ts made in the Forty third. Forty fifth, and Fifty fecond Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, certain Duties of Excife, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings, are impofed for and upon every Hundred Weight of Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatever, by what Name focver the lame are or may be called or known, that (hall be made ufe of in Great Britain in the making of Plate Glafs; and' certain Countervailing Duties of Excife are impofed for and upon Iri/b Plate Glafs imported into Great Britain, and certain Drawbacks are by Law payable on the Exportation of Plate Glafs: And WJiereas it is expedient to repeal the faid Duties on Plate Glafs made or to be made or imported as aforefaid in certain Plates or Sheets, and alfo the faid Drawbacks, and to impofe and allow fuch other Duties and Drawbacks refpe&ively, as are hereinafter mentioned in lieu thereof;* Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aiTembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the Fifth Day ot July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, all and lingular the Excife Duties payable in Great Britain for or upon the Materials or Metal or other Preparations whatever that fhall be ufcd in Great Britain in the making of Plate Glafs, in Plates or Sheets, not being of lefs Thicknefs than One eighth Part of an Inch, or of greater Thicknefs than Five eighth Parts of an Inch, and which mall be made for the purpofe of being ground and polilhed as Hate Glafs, and all and lingular the Excite Duties payable in Great Britain for or upon Iri/b Plate Glafs, which fhall be imported or brought from Ireland into Great Britain, in re6tangular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length by Four Inches in Breadth at the leaft, and which when ground and polilhed is not of lefs Thicknefs throughout than One eighth Part of an Inch and free from Stains, and of good and fair Quality, and fit for immediate Ufe as ground and polilhed Plate Glals, and which when unground and unpoliihed is not of lefs Thicknefs throughout than Two eighth Parts of an Inch, or more than Five eighth Parts of an Inch, and of good and fair Quality ; and that from and after the palling of this Aft, all and fingular the Drawbacks of Excife payable in Great Brittain for or upon Plate Glafs exported (hall be and the fame are hereby refpe&ively repealed, lave and except in all Cafes relating to the recovering, colle&ing or paying any Arrears thereof which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating thereto 5 and that from and after the faid Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, there (hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed and paid unto His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeifors, the feveral Duties and Countervailing Duties of Excife hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay,

5	Foe

A.D. 1819.

49* GEO. Ilf.

C. 115.

627

Countervailing

Duties.

For and upon every Hundred Weight of the Material* or Metal, Duties, or other Preparations whatever, by what Name or Denomination the fame are or may be called or known, that (hall after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen be ufed in Great Britain in the making of Plate Glafs, in Plates or Sheets not being of lefs Thicknefs throughout than One eighth Part of an Inch, or of greater Thicknels throughout than Five eighth Parts of an Inch, and made for the purpofe of being ground and polifhed as Plate Glafs, an Excife Duty of Three Pounds, and fo in proportion for any lefs Quantity :

For and upon every fquare Foot fuperficial Meafure of ground and polifhed Plate Glafs made and manufactured in Ireland, and whicti (hall, after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, be imported or brought into Great Britain in rectangular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length by Four Inches in Breadth at the lead, and of the Thicknefs throughout of One eighth-Part of an Inch at the lead, and which (hall be free from Stains, and of good and fair Quality, and fit for immediate Ufe as ground and polifhed Plate Glafs, an Excife Countervailing Dutr of Two Shillings and Nine pence, and fo in proportion for any lefs Quantity :

And for and upon every Hundred Weight of unground and unpolifhed Plate Glafs made and manufactured in Ireland^ and which {hall, after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, be imported or brought into Great Britain in rectangular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length by Four Inches in Breadth at the lead, and of the Thicknefs throughout of not lefs than Two eighth Parts of an Inch, or of more than Five eighth Parts of an Inch, and which (hall be of good and fair Quality, an Excife Countervailing Duty of Three Pounds, and fo in proportion for any lefs Quantity :

And that in lieu of the Drawbacks hereby repealed, the following Drawbacks (hall be paid and allowed:

For and upon every fquare Foot fuperficial Meafure of ground or Dimwbackt in polifhed Plate Glafs made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for or upon which the Duties payable for or backs repealed, in refped of Plate Glafs (hall have been paid, and which (hall, from and after the palling of this ACt, and before the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, be exported in reClangular Plates of the 3ize of Six Inches in Length by Four Inches in Breadth at the lead, and of the Thicknefs throughout of One eighth Part of an Inch at the leaft, and which (hall be free from Stains, and of good and fair Quality, and fit for immediate Ufe as ground and polifhed Plate Glafs, an Excife Drawback of Two Shillings and Nine pence, and fo in proportion for any lefs Quantity:

For and upon every fquare Foot fuperficial Meafure of ground or polifhed Plate Glafs made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for or upon which the Duties payable for or in refpeCt of rlate Glafs (hall nave been paid, and which (hall, after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, be exported in rectangular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length by Four Inches in Breadth at the lead, and of the Thicknefs

S f 2	throughout

,1

C. 115.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

+ Sic.

Not to repeal Duties otherwise than as hereinbefore mentioned.

Notice to Officer before Glass or Metal taken out of Pot.

Neglecting, &c. to give Notice, or unduly acting before or after Notice given.

throughout of One eighth Part of an Inch at the leaft, and which (hall be free from Stains, and of good and fair Quality, and fit for immediate Ufe as ground and polifhed Plate Glafs, an Excife Drawback of Two Shillings and Nine pence, and fo in proportion for any lefs* Quantity:

For and upon every Hundred Weight of unground and unpolifhed Plate Glafs made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for or upon which the Duties payable for or in refpeft of Plate Glafs (hall nave been paid, and which (hall from and after the palling of this Aft, and before the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, be exported in reftangular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length, by Four Inches in Breadth at the leaft, and of the Thicknefs throughout of not lefs than Two eighth Parts of an Inch of f or more than Five eighth Parts of an Inch, and which (hall be of good and fair Quality, an Excife Drawback of Three Pounds, and To in proportion for any lefs Quantity :

And for and upon every Hundred Weight of unground and unpolifhed Plate Glafs made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal pr other Preparations for or upon which the Duties payable for or in refpeft of Plate Glafs (hall have been paid, and which (hall, after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, be exported m reftangular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length, by Four Inches m Breadth at the leaft, and of the Thicknefs throughout of not lefs than Two eighth Parts of an Inch, or of more than Five eighth Parts of an Inch, and which (hall be of good and fair Quality, an Excife Drawback of Three Pounds, and To in proportion for any lefs Quantity.

II.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to repeal or alter the Duties impofed and payable at and immediately before the palling of this Aft, for or upon the Materials or Metal or other Preparations that (hall be made ufe of in Great Britain in the making of Plate Glafs, or for or upon Irijb Plate Glafs imported into Great Britain, otherwife than as hereinbefore mentioned.

III.	And be it further enafted. That all and every Maker and Makers of Plate Glafs (hall, when and fo often as he or they (hall make or manufafture any Plate Glafs, exprefs and fpecify in a Notice in Writing to be delivered to the proper Officer of Excife by fuch Maker or Makers, before any Glafs or Metal (hall be taken or worked out of any Pot in which Materials (hall have been put for making Plate Glafs, and before or at the time that fuch Officer (hall

giuge and take an Account of the Metal therein, previous to any lais or Metal being taken out or worked therefrom as aforefaid, whether fuch Pot o? Glafs or Metal is intended by fuch Maker or Makers to be caft or blown into Plates or Sheets under the Provi(ion8 of and fubjeft to the Duty granted and impofed by this Aft ; and if any fuch Maker or Makers (hall rofufe or negleft to give any fuch Notice as aforefaid, or (hall before fuch Notice is given as aforefaid, take or work, or caufe, permit or fuffer to be taken or worked, any Glafs or Metal out of any Pot charged with or into which any Materials (hall have been put for making Plate Glafs, or (hall after fuch Notice has been given, expreffing and fpecifying that the Glafs or Metal in fuch Pot is intended by fuch Maker or Makers to be caft or blown into Plates or Sheets under the Pro-

vifioos

A.D. 1819.

$9° GEO. III.

C. 115.

629

vilions of and fubje& to the Duty granted and impofed by this Ad,

make ufe of or employ, or caufe or fuffer to be made ufe of or

employed, any Part of the Glafs or Metal in fuch Pot for any other

purpoie whatsoever, except as Wafte Metal to be refluxed, all and

every fuch Maker and Makers (hall forfeit and lofe the Sum of Two Penalty aocL

hundred Pounds.

4 IV. And Whereas a ftri& Adherence to the Regulations eftab-* lifhed by Law for the Prote&ion of the Revenue in the Manu-4 fa&ure of Glafs, has been found by Experience greatly to ob-4 ftru& the Preparation and Sele&ion of Glafs fitted for the pur-4 pofes of Optical Inftruments, ufed in the Sciences of Aftronomy 4 and Navigation Be it further ena&ed, That it fhall and may be Treasury may lawful for the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or prescribe Re-any Three or more of them, from time to time to alter the Whole or	for.

any Part of the faid Regulations, and to prefcribe fuch other q/gLss for Conditions and Securities as they may judge neceffary and expe- Optical Instru*. dient for the better Preparation and Sele&ion of Glafs adapted to the merits, making of Optical Inftruments.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That fuch of the Duties by this Duties, under A& impofed as fhall arife in that Part of Great Britain called ^°^^^oner* England^ fhall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of ° xcue* Excife in England for the time being; and fuch thereof as fhall

arife in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandf fhall be under the Management of the Commiffioners of Excife in Scotland for the time being.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That all the Monies arifing by Duties carried the Duties by this A& impofed f the neceffary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted), fhall from time to time be paid n

into the Receipt of His Majefty’s Exchequer at Wcjlminfler) and fhall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed. That the faid Duties, Allow- Duties and ances and Drawbacks fhall be refpe&ively raifed, levied, colle&ed, recovered, allowed and paid in fuch and the like manner, and in or i#T1

by any or either of the general or fpecial Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties and Drawbacks of Excife refpe&ively hereby repealed, were or might be raifed, levied, colle&ed, recovered, allowed and paid; and the faid Perfons, Goods, Wares, Merchan-dife or Commodities, fo by this A& refpe&ively made liable to the Pay ment of or chargeable with the faid Duties impofed or entitled to the faid Drawbacks refpe&ively granted by this A&, fhall be and the fame are hereby made fubje& and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Keftri&ions and Forfeitures, to which fuch Perfons, Goods, Wares, Merchandife or Commodities were generally or fpecially fubje& and liable by any A& or A&s of Parliament in force at and immediately before the paffing of this Aft refpe&ing the Duties of Excife, or other Duties under the

Management of the faid Commiffioners of Excife refpe&ively, were___________

or might be fubje& and liable ; and all and every Pain, Penalty,	Ct§

Pine or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence	the

whatever conunitted againft or in breach of any A& or A&s of Revenue of Ex-Parliament in force at and immediately before the paffing of this rise extended A&, and for fecuring the Revenue of Excife or other Duties under to tois Act theManagement of the faid Commiffioners of Excife refpe&ively,

S f 3	or

(tfO

C. 115.

B9° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Erecting, &c. House for making or keep-ing Smalts, and other Sorts of Glass, within One Mile of each other.

faker of Smalts making any other Kind of Glass.

Penalty 500I. and Entries

Toid..

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Act altered, &c. this Session.

or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the feveral Claufes, Powers and Diredions therein contained, (hall and are hereby direded and declared to extend to and (hall be refpedively applied, pradifed and put in execution for and in refped of the faid feveral Duties of Excife and Drawbacks refpedively hereby charged, impofed and allowed, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever, as if all and every the faid Ads, Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-ena&ed in the Body of this Ad.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the palling of this Ad, no Perfon or Perfona whatfoever (hall make, manufacture or keep, or ered, fet up, enter or make ufe of any Houfe or Place whatfoever in Great Britain, for the making, manufacturing or keeping of a certain Glafs called Smalts, within the Diilance of One Mile in a dired Line from any Houfe or Place which (hall be entered or ufed for the making, manufaduring or keeping of any other Glafs; nor (hall any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever make, manufadure or keep, or ered, fet up, enter or ufe any Houle or Place whatfoever in Great Britain, for making, manufaduring or keeping any other Glafs within the Diftance of One Mile in a dired Line from any Houfe or Place which (hall be entered or ufed for making, manufaduring or keeping the faid Glafs called Smaks ; nor (hall any Maker or Manufadurer of Smalts make or manufadure any other kind of Glafs, on pain of forfeiting for every fuch Offence, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and all and every Entries and Entry of any fuch Houfe or Place fo made ufe of for the making, manufaduring or keeping of either Smalts or other Glafs, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Ad, (hall be null and void to all Intents and Purpofes whatfoever.

IX.	And be it further enaded. That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Ad impofed, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by fuch Ways, Means and Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be fued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excife, or by Adion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majefty’s Courts of Record at Wejlminjler, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and that One Moiety oi every fuch Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture (hall be to His Majelty, His Heirs and Succeffors, and the other Moiety to him, her pjr them who (hall difeover, inform or fue for the fame.

X.	And be it further enaded. That this Ad, or any of the Provifiona thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed by any Ad to be made in this Sefiion of Parliament.

CAP.

A*D. 181$.

59‘ GEO. III.

C. 116.

681

CAP. CXVI.

An Aft to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and con-tingent Ixpences of the Difembodied Militia in Great Britain i and for granting Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermafters, Surgeons, Surgeons Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.	Q12th July 1819.J

[Tbis AS it the fame as 58 G. 3. c. 58. except as to Dates9 and as to the SeSions that a e here inferted.]

II. PROVIDED always, and be it further enafted, That any Paymafter of difembodied Militia, being either on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having ferved in any of His Majefty’s Regular Forces, or Navy or Marines, (hall and may and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the aforefaid Rates of difembodied Pay, (videlicet) Six Shillings, Five Shillings or Four Shillings per Diem, as the Cafe may be, and the receiving and taking fuch Kates of difembodied Pay as aforefaid (hall not prevent fuch Paymafter on Half Pay, or being entitled to any fuch Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or fuch Allowance, and fuch Paymafter (hall take the following Oath before fome Juftice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to adminifter the fame:

*	1 A, B. do fwear. That I had not between the

*	and the	any	Place	or	Employment	of

*	Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majefty, befides my Allowance

*	of Half Pay as a reduced	in	His	Majefty’s

4 Army or Navy, or Marines, (as the cafe may be,) fave and except 4 my difeemboied Pay (of Six Shillings, Five Shillings or Four 4 Shillings, as the cafe may be) as Paymafter of the

4	Militia.9

And the taking the faid Oath (hall be fufficient to entitle fuch Paymafter to receive his Half Pay or tile faid Allowance, without taking any other Oath ; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithlianding.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons Mates of the Militia who (hall claim under the Authority of this Aft to receive any Part of the faid Allowances, (hall, previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle themfelVes thereto, take and fubferibe an Oath before fome one of His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, in the Words or to the Effeft following 5 (videlicet),

1A. B. do fwear, That I belonged to the

of Militia when the fame was difembodied, and that I have 4 continued to ferve therein from that time until the 4	Day	of	inclufive,	as	a	Lieutenant,

4 Enfign or Surgeon’s Mate (as the cafe may be); and that I was not 4 in my own Right or in Right of my Wife, during the faid Period, 4 in the aftual Pofleffion and Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents 4 and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Heredilaments of fuch an 4 annual Value above Reprizes as would qualify me to hold a 4 Commiffion of Captain ot a Company in the Militia; that I have

S	f 4	4	not

Paymaster allowed disembodied Pay.

Oath.

The following Oath to be taken to entitle Subalterns to such Allowances.

C.U6.

59* GEO. Ill

A.D. 1819.

Paymasters to paj the Allow-ances on the 24th September, 24th December 2819, and 24th March 1820, without Deduction.

Persons being on Half Pay, or entitled to Allowance as having served in the Army or Navy, empowered, if serving in the Militia, to receive the Pay and Allowances hereby directed to be paid, on taking the following Oath.

•	not during the above Period ‘held the Appointment of Adjutant,

•	Surgeon, Pavmafter or Quartermafter in any Regiment, Battalion 4 or dorps of Militia 5 that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any

•	Perfon for me hold or enjoy, during the faid Period, any Office

4 or Income whatfoever from the Public, QT from any other Govern-4 ment, befides the Allowance of	a Day

4 now claimed, except my Half Pay as a	of the

4 Army, or Navy, or Marines, or of a Provifional Battalion formed 4 from the Militia (as the cafe may be).	So help me GOD.9

Which Oath fo taken and fubfcribed (hall be produced to the Pay-mafler of the Regiment of Militia by the Subaltern Officer or Surgeon’s Mate claiming the Allowance.

XII. And be it further ena&ed, That upon fuch Oaths and Certificates as aforefaid, or where any Regiment of Militia (hall not have been called out to their annual Exerdfe as aforefaid, upon the faid Oaths being produced to the refpe&ive Paymafters, it (hall be lawful for fuch Paymafters, and they are hereby authorifed and required, to pay to the faid Subaltern Officers and Surgeons Mates, according to their refpe&ive Commiffions of Lieutenant, Enfign or Surgeon’s Mate, the Allowance above mentioned, for Six Months or other proper Period, on the Twenty fourth Day of September next, and the -other Proportions of the fame on the Twenty fourth Day of December One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, and the Twenty fourth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, without any Dedu&ion whatfoever ; the Oaths and Certificates before mentioned to be by them preferved and produced among the Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them m purfuance of this A&, or of any Regulation made by the Secretary at War.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That any Perfon being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having Served in any of His Majefty’s Forces, or Navy or Marines, and Serving in the Militia, (hall and may and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the Pay and Allowances by this A& directed to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Enfigns, Adjutants, Quartermafters, Surgeons and Surgeons Mates, when afiembled for annual Training ; and the receiving and taking any fuch Pay and Allowances by any fuch Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Enfign, Adjutant, Quartermafter, Surgeon or Surgeon’s Mate, (hall not prevent Such Perfon on Half Pay, or being entitled to any fuch Allowance, from receiving his Halt Pay or fuch Allowance; and fuch Perfon (hall take the following Oatn before fome Juftice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to adminifter the fame:

4 J A. B. do fwear, I had not between the

•	and the	any	Place or Employment of

4 Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majefty, befides my Allow-4 ance of Half Pay as a reduced	in His

•	Majefty’s Army, or Navy, or Marines, (as the cafe may be) fare 4 and except my Pay or Allowance as a Field Officer, Captain, 4 Lieutenant, Enfign, Adjutant, Paymafter, Quartermafter, Surgeon 4 or Surgeon’8 Mate, while aflembled for Training and Exercife

4 (at

633

A.D. 1819.	59°	GEO. III.	C.	116,	117.

*	(as the cafe may fc), for ferving in the Militia of the County

*	of

And the taking the faid Oath (hall be fufficient to entitle fuch Perfon to receive his Half Pay or the faid Allowance without taking any other Oath; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary not-withftanding.

CAP. CXVII.

An Aft for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland ; and for making Allowances to Officers and Quartermaftersof the faid Militia during Peace.	[i2th July 1819.]

\Th$s AQ is the fame as 58 G, 3.' c. 50. except as to Dates, as to the SeQions that are here mferted\ and as to the TitleJ\

* VII. AND Whereas it is expedient to grant Allowances to

*	cettain Officers of the faid Militia Forces of Ireland\ while dif-c embodied, under certain Regulations;* Be it further enafted,

That the following Allowances (hall be made and paid, to .the Allowances Amount, under the Reftriftions, and in the manner hereinafter ex- to Subaltern prefled, to every Subaltern Officer and Affiftant Surgeon now bearing Officers and

a Commiffion and ferving in the Militia of Ireland\ who (hall have	flur"

continued faithfully to ferve until the difembodying thereof; and alfo 6®00* to every Supernumerary Subaltern Officer and Affiftant Surgeon of any Regiment of Militia in Ireland, which (hall have been augmented during the War, and which (hall have been reduced to its original Eftabliffiment; that is to fay, to a Lieutenant Two Shillings and Sixpence a Day, to an Enfign Two Shillings a Day, and to an Amftant Surgeon Two Shillings and Sixpence a Day:

Provided always, that fuch Allowances (ha& not be received for the Proviso, time during which the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which fuch Officers belong, is affembled for Training and Exercife.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That the Subaltern Officers and Subalterns Affiftant Surgeons of the laid Militia, who (hall claim under the Authority of this Aft to receive any Part of the faid Allow- 22Sn^Al-ances, (hall, previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle lowax^ to themfelves thereto, take and fubfcribe an Oath before fome one of take the fol-His Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace for any County in the United kuring Oath. Kingdom in which they (hall refpeftively be, in the Words or to the Efleft following ; (videlicet),

4 T A.B. do fwear, That I belonged to the

*	of	the Militia of Ireland when the fame was

4 disembodied, and that I have continued to ferve therein from that 4 time until the	Day	of

4 iuclufive, as a Lieutenant, Enfign or Affiftant Surgeon, (as the 4 cafe may he) 5 and that I was not in my own Right, or in Right 4 of my Wife, during the faid Period, in the aftual Pofleffion and 4 Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tene-4 ments or Hereditaments, of fuch an annual Value above Reprizes 4 as would qualify me to hold a Commiffion of Captain of a Com-4 pany in the Militia of a County at large in Ireland/ that I have

* not

C. 117.

59* GEO. III.

A.D.16I9.

Justices to transmit Oaths to the Pay* master.

Such Sub* alterns, Xc. to attend the annual Exercise.

Penalty.

Certificates of such Attendance to be trana* mitted by the Commanding Officer to the Paymaster of the Regiment.

Reason for granting Leave of Absence, to be inserted in Certificate.

Incase of Death of any such Subaltern or Assistant Surgeon, how the Allowances to be applied.

not during the above Period held the Appointment of Adjutant or

Surgeon m any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Perfon for me hold or enjoy, during the faid Period, any Office or Income whatfoever from the Public, except my Half Pay as a reduced in His Majefty’s Army, or Navy, or Marines (at the cafe may he),

of the	Militia.

4 So help me GOD.*

befides my Allowance as

Which Oath fo taken and fubferibed (hall be by the faid Juftice forthwith certified and tranfmitted, and he is hereby required to certify and tranfmit the fame, to the Paymafter of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia in which fuch Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon (hall be then ferving.

X. And be it further enafted, That every Subaltern Officer and Affiftant Surgeon of the faid Militia, who (hall be entitled or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Aft, (hall regularly attend the annual Exercife and Training of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, during the whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpofe, and mall during the faid time punctually do and perfbrm his Duty as a Subaltern Officer or Affiftant ( Surgeon of fuch Regiment, on pain of forfeiting the faid Allowance, as well as the reft of his Pay and every Part thereof which may be due for the current Year in which he (hall negleft or refufe to attend ; and Certificates of his having fo attended and performed his Duty, figned by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which he may belong, fhall be fumifhed by the faid Commanding Officer to the Paymafter of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which the Officer fhall belong: Provided always, that in cafe any fuch Subaltern Officer or Amftant Surgeon, claiming to be entitled to fuch Allowance, fhall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or fuffered, for any fpecial Caufe or unavoidable Neceffity, to be abfent during the whole or any Part of fuch annual Exercife, for which purpofe it fhall be lawful for fuch Commanding Officer to grant fuch Leave of Abfence, then and in fuch Cafe it (nail be lawful for fuch Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon who may be fo permitted to be abfent, and have fuch Leave in Writing, to demand and receive the faid Allowance and every Part thereofin like manner as if he had attended during the Whole of the faid annual Exercife : Provided always, that the Reafons for which Abfence, as well as the Duration thereof, fhall be carefully and truly fpecified in Certificates (in lieu .of thofe before mentioned) to be figned by the Commanding Officer, and to be fumifhed as foon as conveniently may be to the Paymafter of the Regiment or Battalion wherein fuch Subaltern or Amftant Surgeon fhall be ferving.

XIII. And be it further enafted, That whenever any fuch Sub* altera Officer or Affiftant Surgeon hath died, or fhall die at any time after having duly taken the Oath required by this Aft or by any former Aft, for the like purpofe, fuch Allowance at the Rates by the Day refpeftively hereinbefore mentioned, from the time to which the laft Payment thereof hath been or fhall be made, to the Day of the Death of fuch Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon, fhall be iftued, and fhall, by and under the Orders of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, notified in the ufual Form by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary,

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.117.

635

be applied firft to the Payment of his Regimental Debts, if any, that is to fay, of all Sums of Money due by fuch Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon in refpeft of any Military Clothing, Appointments or Equipments, or in refpeft of any Quarters, or of any Mefs or Regimental Accounts, or due to any Agent, Pay mailer or Quartermafler, or any other Officer, upon any fuch Account, or on account of any Advances or Advance made for any fuch Purpofe; and that the Surplus of fuch Allowances, and no more thereof, (hall, be deemed the Perfonal Eft ate of fuch deceafed, for the purpofe of Diftribution, or of any Stamp or other Duty payable in refpeft thereof; and if fuch Surplus (hall not exceed Twenty Pounds, the fame (hall and may, by and under the like Qrders as aforefaid, be paid to fuch Perfon or Perfons as lhall be mentioned in fuch Orders refpe&ively as being entitled thereto 5 and all and every fuch Payments and Payment fo made fhall be good, valid and effe&ual to all Intents and Purpofes, as if the fame had been made under the Authority of any Probate or Letters of Adminiftration; any thing in any Ad; or Ads of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary not-withllanding.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That the Subaltern Officers and Affiftant Surgeons of the faid Militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this Ad, fhall at all times be liable to ferve in the refpedive Regiments or Battalions to which they belong, whenever the fame fhall be embodied and called out upon adual Service; and in cafe of Negled or Refufal to attend when called upon, at fuch times or for fuch Occafions as may be required of them, in purfuance of the Laws now in force refpeding the faid Militia when difembodied, each and every fuch Subaltern Officer and Affiftant Surgeon fhall, on fuch Negled or Refufal being certified to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, and to the Paymafter of the Regiment or Battalion, by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment or Battalion to which fuch Subaltern Officer or Affiftant Surgeon fhall belong, forfeit his Claims to the faid Allowance and every Part thereof, and fhall alfo be confidered as having refigned and vacated his Commiffion to all Intents and Purpofes whatsoever.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That any Perfon being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having ferved in any of His Majefty’s Forces, or Navy or Marines, and ferving in the Militia, fhall and may and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the Pay and Allowances by this Ad direded to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Enfigns, Adjutants, Paymafters, Quartermafters, Surgeons and Affiftant Surgeons, when aflembled for annual Training; and the receiving and taking any fuch Pay and Allowances by any fuch Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Enfign, Adjutant, Quartermafter, Surgeon or Affiftant Surgeon, fhall not be deemed receiving or taking of Pay, fo as in any manner to prevent fuch Perfon on Half Pay, or being entitled to any fuch Allowance, from receiving his Naif Pay, or fuch Allowance ; and fuch Perfon fhall take the following Oath before fome Juftice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to adminifter the fame.

Subalterns and Assistant Surgeons not attending when called upon.

Penalty.

Persons on Naval or Military Half Pay, or entitled to Allowance as having served in HisMajesty** Forces, &c. serving in the Militia, may receive the same on taking the following Oath.

• I. jf. 3,

C. 117.

5d° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Oath.

Proviso for Chelsea or Kilmainham Pennons.

Allowance to Surgeons of disembodied Regiments.

Quartermasters after 30 Years Service as herein mentioned, to receive an Allowance after the Rate of their Phy while Militia is disembodied.

*	J A. B* do fwear, That I had not between the

4 and the	any Place or Employ-

*	ment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majefty, befides

*	my Allowance of Half Pay as a reduced.	in	His

*	Majefty’s Navy (or in the Marines, or in	late

4 Regiment of	) or Allowance as

4	in	late Troop of Horfe Guards (or

4	Regiment	of	Horfe	reduced),

4 fave and except my Pay or Allowance as a Field Officer, Captain,

4 Lieutenant, Enfign, Adjutant, Paymafter or Quartermafter, Surgeon 4 or A (lift ant Surgeon (as the cafe may be), for ferving in the 4 Militia in the County of	.*

And the taking the faid Oath (hall be fuffident to entitle fuch Perfon to receive his Half Pay or the faid Allowance without taking any other Oath; any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwit h Handing.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no Non Commiffioned Officer or Private Man in the faid Militia, entitled to receive any Penfion or Allowance from Chelfea Hofpital or Kilmainham Hofpital, (hall forfeit or lofe his Right to the lame by reafon of his lerving and receiving Pay in the laid Militia when aflembkd for Training.

XXI.	And be it further ena£ted, That there (hall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment or Battalion of the faid Militia, when difembodied, a Sum of Money in addition to his Pay, alter the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each fuch Regiment, for the Expences of neceffary Medicines for the fick Non Commiffioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of fuch Regiment or Battalion during the Period or Periods of Affembly for animal Exercife or Training, and alfo an Allowance of Sixpence per Month for each of the Non Commiffioned Officers and Drummers of each Regiment on conftant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of neceffiury Medicines and Attendance given to the Non Commiffioned Officers and Drummers in conftant Pay at Head Quarters, while fuch Regiment is not called out for annual Training and Exercife.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, any Quartermafter of the faid Militia who (hall have ferved faithfully, eitner in His Majefty’s Regular Forces or in the faid Militia, for tne full Term of Thirty Years in the whole, whereof Fifteen (hall have been as a Quartermafter of the faid Militia, who (hall have been or (hall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, (hall, on producing to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or in his Abfenoe to the Under Secretary, a Certificate of fuch Service of Thirty Years as aforefaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he (hall have belonged, and obtaining from fuch Chief Secretary, or in his Abfence fuch Under Secretary, an Order founded upon fuch Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymafter of the Regiment (hall be and is hereby authorised to pay fucn Perfon, an Allowance at the Rate of his Pay when ferving in the faid Militia while difiem* I bodied: Provided always, that no Perfon (hall be entitled to receive I fuch Allowance as aforefaid who (hall hold any Office or Employment I

A.D. 1819*

59* GEO. III.

637

C.117, 118.

of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majefty: Provided alfo, that no fuch Quartermafter {hall, by reafon of receiving fuch Allowance as aforefaid, forfeit any Right which he may have to Half Pay, but (hall be entitled to receive fuch Half Pay as well as fuch Allowance.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Aft to give Relief in certain Cafes of Afleflment of Taxes in Great Britain, and to Pcrfons compounding for their Aflefled Taxes in Ireland, from an Annual Afleflment for Three Years, from the Sixth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.	[12th	July	1819.]

*	YT THE REAS it is expedient to give Relief from certain Duties

*	W of Aflefled Taxes in Great Britain, in the Cafes hereinafter

*	mentioned May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That no Perfon or Perfons becoming, Penons not

or who fhall have become bankrupt or infolvent, (hall be liable to liable to Asses*-be afleffed to the faid Duties after the Fifth Day of April next ment after 5th after the time of fuch Bankruptcy or Infolvency, in refpeft of any ^PJ*1 whidl Article or Articles kept and ufed for the purpofes of Trade at or happ^after before the time of fuch Bankruptcy or Infolvency, which Article or bankruptcy Articles fhall have been feized or furrendered, and bond Jide fold or Insolvency, under or by virtue of fuch Bankruptcy or Infolvency, and not kept for Article* or ufed by fuch Bankrupt or Infolvent after the Fifth Day of April # next after fuch Bankruptcy or Infolvency: Provided that nothing g^rrendered, &«. herein contained fhall be conftrued to affeft the Payment by the	for

Affignee or Affignees of every fuch Bankrupt or Infolvent, and fuch Payments made Aflignee or Affignees fhall pay the Duties afleffed on every fuch by Bankrupt or Infolvent at the time of fuch Bankruptcy or Infolvency up to the Fifth Day of April next after the fame fhall have happened, as if this Aft had not been made.

II. And be it further enafted, That the Duties impofed by the Certain Ex-feveral Afts for charging Aflefled Taxes in Great Britain for every Male Perfon employed by any Perfon in Trade as a Shopman, or lont employed" in the Capacity of a Groom, Stable Boy, or Helper in the Stables, *s Shopmen, or fhall ceafe ana determine from and after the parnng of this Aft, as Grooms, &c. upon every Afleflment made or to be made after the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, in refpeft of every Perfon being the Son of the Employer or Employers, or One of them, occauonally refident with his Parent or Parents, and fo employed by him, her or them during fuch occafional Refidence only 5 and in refpeft of every Male Penon fo employed under the Age of Fifteen Years, and wholly maintained and lodged in the Houfe of his Employer or Employers, and in refpeft of any Male Perfon fo employed, being of the Age of Fifteen Years or upwards, and bound an Apprentice to his Employer or Employers, or affigned to him, her or them, until fuch Apprentice fhall arrive at the Age of Twenty one Years, or upwards, and wholly maintained and lodged in the Houfe of his Employer or Employers: Provided Cause of Ex-always, that the Caufe of every fuch Exemption fhall be truly	tobe

returned

638

59° GEO. III.

How far Houmm in Trade employing Travellers on Foot, exempt from Duty

Assessments for 1817, 1818, and t8r9, for any greater Number than Four Travellers, may be reduced; which being certified to Commissioners for Taxes, they ’ shall order Payment of the Sum reduced.

Notice by Claimant to Surveyor.

ja G. 3. c. 93.

Under Game-keeper not as-

c. 118.

A.D. 1819.

returned and ftated in the manner required by the A&s in force at

the time of pafling this A&.

« III. And Whereas by the faid feveral A&s, Duties amounting

*	to the Sum of Five Pounds are impofed for every Male Perfon

*	employed in the Capacity of or as a Traveller, where the fame

*	Employer or Employers (hall keep or employ more than one fuch

*	Male Perfon : And Whereas it is neceHary in fome Traders to

*	employ many Perfons to travel from Place to Place on Foot, and

*	it is expedient to relieve their refpe&ive Employers from the faid

*	Duties for more than Four fuch Travellers Be it further ena&ed, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, the fame Employer or Employers in Partner-fhip together, who fhall employ more than Four Male Perfons in the Capacity of or as Travellers to travel from Place to Place on Foot, fuch fhall be exempt for eveiy Male Perfon fo employed above the Number of Four, any former Law to the contrary notwithflanding.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for the Commiflioners a&ing in the Execution of the faid A&s and this A& to reduce the Amount of any AfTelTments which fhall have been made for the Years ending the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and feventeen, the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and eighteen, and the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen refpe&ively, on the Employer or Employers of fuch Travellers on Foot for any greater Number of fuch Travellers than Four, according to the Provifions of this A&, and as if this A & had been made prior to the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fixteen ; and in all Cafes where AfiefTments fo reduced fhall have been previoufly paid by the Parties, it fhall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners to certify the Number of Travellers fo charged, and the Amount which fuch AfTefTmento fhall have been dimimfhed, with the Caufe or Caufes thereof, to the Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes ; and in that Cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioners for the Affairs of Taxes to order and dire& the Receiver General of the County, Riding or Diviflon who fhall have received the Sums fo paid under fuch Afieff-ments, to repay to the Party the Amount fo reduced, which Order (hall be an Authority to fuch Receiver General to repay the fame, and fuch Repayment fhall be allowed in his Accounts : Provided always, that no fuch Afleflment fhall be reduced, except upon a Notice and Declaration being delivered by the Party making the Claim to the Surveyor, or the Commiflioners of the Diitri& or Place where fuch Afleflment is made ; and the Parties fo making any fuch Claim fhall appear before the faid Commiflioners to verity the fame in the manner required by the faid A&s in Cafes of Appeal.

* V. And Whereas Doubts have arifcn whether by virtue of an

*	A & pafled in the Fifty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefect

*	Maiefty, intituled An A3 for granting to His Majefly certain Hrm 1 and Additional Duties of AJfrJjed Taxes, and for confolidahng the 1 fame •with the former Duties of AJfeffed Taxes, any Perfon chiefly ‘ retained and employed for the purpofes of preferving Game, as

*	an Under Keeper, is liable to be aflefled as a Servant to the

*	Perfon or Perfons fo retaining or employing fuch Under Keeper ;* Be it therefore ena&ed, That any Perfon or Perfons chiefly retained and employed for the purpofe of preferving Game, as an Under

Keeper,

A. D. 1819.

59° GEO. 111.

C. 118.

Keeper, under any Gamekeeper duly appointed by any Lord or Lady of the Manor, fuch Gamekeeper being an afleffed Servant, ihall not be liable to be afleffed as an additional Servant, but (ball be affefled after the Rate of Ten Shillings per Annum, and no more, unlefs fuch Under Keeper be alfo employed in fome other Capacity by which he is liable to be afleffed as a Servant under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft of the Fifty third Year aforefaid.

4 VI. And Whereas by an Aft paffed in the laft Seflion of Par-4 liament, intituled An Ad to grant certain Rates, Duties and Taxes 4 in Ireland in rejped of Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, 4 Horfes, Carriages and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and 4 Taxes thereon, and to provide for the Payment thereof to the Colledors 4 of Excife, and for the more effeSual accounting for the fame, certain 4 Kates, Duties and Taxes are granted to His Majefty, payable in 4 Ireland on Dwelling Houfes, for and in refpeft of the Fire 4 Hearths or other Places for Firing or Stoves, and of the Windows

*	or Lights therein, and in the Outhoufes, Offices and Edifices 4 appertaining thereto, and on Male Servants and other Male Perfons,

*	and on Horfes, Mares and Geldings, and on Carriages, Race 4 Horfes and Dogs; and it is expedient to relieve fuch Perfons as

*	are willing and defirous of compounding for the faid Rates, Duties 4 and Taxes, or for any of them, from an annual AfTefTment, and

*	from all further or increafed Charges on Articles of the fame

*	Defcription, for a Term to be limited, on condition of their paying 4 certain additional Rates on the Amount of the laft AfTefTment 4 made for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One

*	tboufand eight hundred and twenty Be it therefore enafted. That all and every the Affeffments which fhall have been or (hall be made in Ireland under and by virtue of the faid recited Aft of the laft Seflion of Parliament, for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, fhall be and remain in force to the fame Amount in refpeft of all and every the Perfons and Perfon who (hall compound for the annual Payment thereof for the Term of Three Years, to commence on and from the Sixth Day of January which will be in the Year One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, upon the Terms and Conditions hereinafter mentioned; and it fhall be lawful for the Commiflioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three or more of them, to contraft and agree with any Perfon or Perfons who is or are or fhall be affefled or charged for the faid Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, with the Rates* Duties and Taxes granted by the faid Aft, or any of them, and who (hall apply to the faid Commiflioners for that Purpofe, for the Compofition of the Rates, Duties and Taxes which fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall be chargeable with and liable to pay for the faid Period of Three Years, according to the Direftions and Provider** of this Aft; and all and every Perfond and Perfon who have been or fhall be afleffed and charged for the Year ending a* aforefaid, with the Rates, Duties and Taxes made payable by virtue of the faid Aft or any of them, are and is hereby refpeftively declared to be competent to enter into Compoiition with the faid Commiflioners for their, his or her faid Rates, Duties and Taxes, for the Term of Three Years, to commence on and from the faid Sixth Dav of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, on the fame

Amount

€39

sessed as an additional Servant, but assessed at ics. per Annum.

j8 0.3. c.

5 3-

Assessments in Ireland for Year ending Jan. 5, 182c, to continue for Three Years in respect to Persons compounds ing for tha same.

Terms of Opposition fee he Amount ef Assessment fcv 1819, with additional s. British fur every 2is.

C.118.

59# GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Money carried to Consolidated Fund.

Compounders may open additional Fire Places or Win-dows, and keep additional Servants, Horses, Stc. without incurring Increase of Duty.

Composition for Dwelling Houses to cease on Jan. 5, next after Removal, Death, Insolvency, &c. of ftrty.

vomponuon binding on Fersons and Mr Effects.

Amount annually as (hall have been or (hall be affeffed and charged upon fuch Perfon or Perfons for the Year ending as aforefaid, together with an additional annual Rate of One Shilling Brititi* Currency for every Twenty Shillings Britt/b Currency of the Amount fo affeffed 'and charged, and fo after that Rate for any greater or leffer Sum than Twenty Shillings; and the Monies arifing under the Competitions entered into under this Aft (the neceflary Charges for raiding and accounting for the fame being deduced) (hall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

VII.	And be it further enafted, That all and every Perfons and Perfon in Ireland entering into any fuch Competition according to the Provifions of this Aft, and paying the Amount of the Sums compounded for at the times ana in mahner fpecitied in this Aft, and doing and performing all other matters and things required by this Aft, (hall be entitled to make or open, and keep open, during the faid Term, free of Duty or Tax, any additional Number of Hearths, Firing Places or Stoves, or Winaows or Lights, in their, his or her Dwelling Houfe (and any Outhoufes, Offices or Edifices appertaining thereto), in relpeft of which fuch Compotitioo (hall have been made; and alfo to keep and ufe during the faid Term, free of Duty or Tax, any one or more additional Male Servant or Servants, or other Male Perfon or Perfons, Horfe, Mare or Gelding, Horfes, Mares or Geldings, Carnage or Carriages, Race Horfe or Race Horfes, Dog or Dogs, (although the fame may by the faid Aft be charged with different and progreffive Rates of Duty according to the Number thereof,) beyona the Number in refpeft of which fuch Perfon or Perfons fo entering into fuch Competition were or was or (hall be charged in the Affeffinent on which fuch Compofition (hall have been made, and (hall be exempt from any further Compliance with any of the Provifions contained in the faid Aft, and from all Affeffinents thereon, during the faid Term of Three Years, in refpeft of all and every or any fuch Articles fo compounded for.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That every Compofition entered into under the Provifions of this Aft, in refpeft of the Rates, Duties and Taxes charged on any Dwelling Houfe in Ireland, from which the Perfons or Perfon owing fuch Compofition (hall remove during the Terqi herein limited, (hall ceafe and determine on the Fifth Day of January next after fuch Removal; and every Compofition entered into under this Aft, in refpeft of any other of the Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by the faid recited Aft, with any Perfon or Perfons who within the faid Term of Three Yfars herein limited (hall die or become bankrupt or infolvent, (hall alfo ceafe and determine on the Fifth Day of January next after fuch Death, Bankruptcy, Insolvency or Alignment.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That every Compofition entered into in Ireland in purfuance of this Aft, fubjeft to the Determination thereof as aforefaid, (hall bind the Perfon or Perfons entering into the fame, his, her and their Chattels, Goods and Effefts, to the due and punftual Payment and Satisfaftion, at the times and in the Proportions herein fpedfied, of the full Amount of the Sum made payable upon the laid Compofition, or by virtue thereof, during the Continuance of the fame, according to and under the Provifioot of this Aft.

X. Asd

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 118,

641

X. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every Perfons or Perfoo fo having compounded, and quitting or removing from the Dwelling Houfes or Dwelling Houfe in Ireland in refpect of which fuch Compofition (hall be made, and the Executors, Adminiftrators or Affignees of fuch Perfons or Perfon dying, of becoming bankrupt or infolvent, (hall be bound to the due and pun&ual Payment of all Sums accruing due or in arrear at the refpe&ive times of fuch Removal, Death, Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or which (hall be payable upon fuch Composition tor the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January next after fuch Removal, Death, Bankruptcy* or Infol-vency; and no Goods or Chattels whatever, belonging to any Perfon or Perfons fo having compounded, and quitting or removing from their, his or her Dwelling Houfe, or dying or becoming bankrupt or infolvent, (hall be removed, nor (hall any Goods or Chattels belonging to any Perfon or Perfons fo having compounded, be liable to be taken by virtue of any Execution, or other Procefs, Warrant or Authority, unlefs the Perfons or Perfon fo having compounded, or their, his or her Executors, Adminiftrators or Affigns, or the Party by whom fuch Procefs, Warrant, Authority or Seizure (hall be fued out or made, (hall, before the Removal of fuch Goods or Chattels, pay or caufe to be paid to the Colle&or of Inland Excife and Taxes of the proper Diftri&, or other Officer in charge of' the Colle&ion of fuch Diftri&, all Arrears of the faid Monies which (hall be then due, or which (hall be payable for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January next after fuch Removal, Death, Bankruptcy, Insolvency or Seizure; and in cafe of Refufal to pay the faid Compofition Money then due or to grow due as aforefaid, fuch Colle&or or other Officer iB hereby refpe&ively authorised and required to iffue his Warrant to take and diftrairi fuch Goods and Chattels, and the Diftrefs or DiftrefTes fo taken (hall and may be fold in fuch and the like manner in all refpe&s, and under and fubje& to the like Penalties, as any Goods or Chattels taken or diftramed under the faid recited A& (hall or may be fold, until fuch Colle&or or other Officer fhall have obtained Payment of the faid Compofition Money, together with the reasonable Cofts and Charges attending* fuch Diftrefs and Sale ; and every fuch Colle&or and other Officer aforefaid, (hall be indemnified for fo doing by virtue of this A&«

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Monies to arife or become payable by virtue of any Compofition entered into in Ireland under this A&, (hall be paid at the fame times and in the fame Proportion, and t6 the fame Perfons refpe&ively, and in like manner, as the feveral Rates, Duties and Taxes are or (hall be payable in Ireland by virtue of the faid recited A& ; and that all and every the Perfon and Perfons fo compounding as aforefaid, and making fuch Payment as aforefaid, (hall be entitled to the like Allowances as are given and allowed by the faid recited A& to any Perfon or Perfons making Payment of the faid Rates, Duties and Taxes purfuant to the Provifions and Regulations of the faid A&; and all the Monies to be railed under this A& (hall be under the Care and Management of the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland*

XII.	And be it further ena&ed. That the Officers or other Perfons authorifed and a&ing in the Execution of the faid A&, in relation to the faid Rates,. Duties and Taxes in Ireland, (hall give or

39 Geo. IIF.	T	t	caufe

Effect* answer-ablefor Arrears of Composition 1b case of Re IDoval, Death Or Insolvency Of Compounder, and not to be removed;

and Effects may be distrained

Composition paid as Rates non payable.

Compounders entitled to Allowances.

Form of Notice left at Abode of Persons assessed to

Duties, to

C42

C.118,

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

•Mbit Com-pounders to apply to Exeka Office of District.

What Is to beset forth by Compounders in such Notice.

Composition Money to be levied as prescribed by this Act and 58 G.3.C.54*

Powers of 58 G.3. c.54. extended to this Act.

Applications for compounding to be examined with Assessment for the Tear ending Jan. s» x8ao.

caufe to be given to all and every Perfons and Perfon who fhall have been or (hall be charged with the faid Rates, Dirties and Taxes, or any of them, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, or (hall leave or caufe to be left at their, his or her 4aft or ufual Place of Abode in the Diftrid wherein the Affeffment of fuch Perfons or Perfon for the faid Year hath been or (hall be made, a printed Form of Notice, to be ufed for the purpofe of making Application to the faid Comtaiilfioners of Inland Excife and Taxes, by all Perfons defirous of compounding for fuch Taxes, or any of them, under this Ad; and all and every Perfons and Perfon defirous of fo compounding, (hall dfftinguifn and fet forth in fuch Notice the feveral Rates, Duties or Articles in refped of which they, he or (he are or is defirous to compound, mod mall .fign the fame with their, his or her Chriftian Name and Surname or Names, in their, his or her ufual manner of writing the fame, and (hall caufe fuch Notice to be delivered into the Office of Excife of the Diftrid wherein the faid Affeffment hath been Or (hall be made, within One Calendar Month after the Delivery of fuch Notice by fuch Officer; and the Colledor of Exdfe or other Officer in charge of the Colledion of fuch Diftrid by whom fuch Notices (hall be received, (hall number the fame progremvely, and (hall make or canfe to be made an Entry, in a Book to be kept for that Purpofe, of all fuch Notices; and fuch Colledor or other Officer aforefaid (hall tranfmit all foch Notices to the faid Commiffionen of Inland Exdfe and Taxes.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral Sums payable under or by virtue of any Compoiition to be made in Ireland under this Adi, (hall be raifed, levied and accounted for under the Pro-vifions and Regulations of this A d, and of the faid redted A 61 of the laft Seffion of Parliament; and this Adi and the faid Ad (hall be conflrued in fuch Manner and to the like Effed as if the feveral Provifions in the faid redted Adi contained, for railing, levying, paying and accounting for the Rates, Duties and Taxes granted and impoied by the faid redted Adi, were exprefsly enadled in this Adi, for paying the faid feveral Sums contained in the Competitions under this Adi 5 and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Claufes, Matters and Things contained in the faid redted Ad, (hall feverally and refpedlively be obferved, pradlifed and put in execution throughout Ireland, as folly and effedlually to all Intents and Purpofee, for the purpofes of this Adi, as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Diredions, Claufes, Matters and Things, were refpec-tively repeated and re-enadled in this Adi, and (hall feverallv be applied, conftrued, deemed and taken to belong to this Adi, fo far as the fame are compatible and confident with this Ad, in like manner as if the fame had been enadled therein, and exprefsly applied to the Monies to be raifed, paid and accounted for under tne Competitions authorised by this Ad.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That the Commiffioners of Inland Excife and Taxes in Ireland (hall caufe every Application to compound, which (hall be made under this Ad, to be carefully and diligently infpeded and examined with the Affeflments or Afleffineat made on the Perfons or Perfon fo applying, for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty; and it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiffionen,

A.D. 1819.

59* GEO. III.

643

C. 118, 119.

or any Three of them, to make and iffue fuch Orders, Rules,

Regulations and Directions, with refpeft to the making and paying all and every the Compofition under this Aft, as the faid Com-miffioners, or any Three of them, (hall from time to time think fit to make and appoint; and all fuch Orders, Rules, Regulations and Direftions, (hall be obferved and obeyed accordingly.

XV.	And be it further enafted. That all Notices, Certificates,

Receipts, and other Documents or Inftruments necefiary for carrying

this Aft into execution in Ireland, (hall and may be in (uch refpeftive inland Excite

Form or Forms as the faid Commiflioners of Inland Excife and and Taxes

Taxes, or any Three of them, may from time to time direft and shall direct.

appoint; and it (hall not be necefiary to prove, on the Trial of any Not necessary

Complaint or Information, or other Proceeding touching any Com- prove on

pofition in refpeft of the faid Rates, Duties or Taxes, ~ “I.*

them, the particular Order, Direftion or Appointment of the faid Coumuasiooer#.

Commiffioners or any Three of them, for or in refpeft of any fuch

Form or Forms refpeftively.

CAP. CXIX.

An Aft to explain and amend an Aft pafied in the Thirty firft Year of His Majefly King George the Second, for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, as it relates to certain Allowances to Navy Agents.

[13th July 1819.]

4 YTfTHEREAS by an Aft pafied in the Thirty firft Year of 3*0. a. c.ia ‘ VV the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second,

*	intituled An A3 for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the 4 Royal Navy ; ana for ejlabli/bing a regular Method for the punftual,

4 frequent and certain Payment of their Wages ; and for enabling them 4 more eqfily and readily to remit the fame for the Support of their Wives 4 and Families ; and for preventing Frauds and Abufes attending fuch

4 Payments; it was declared that no Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, § 3C*

4 who (hould be employed in receiving of any Wages, Prize Money,

4 or any other Monies due or becoming due for or upon account of

*	the Service of any Officer, Seaman or other Perfon in the Royal 4 Navy, (hould be entitled to take or retain more than Sixpence 4 in the Pound for or upon account of receiving thereof and for 4 paying the fame to the Perfon or Perfons by whom they or he

*	(hould be employed : And Whereas by a certain other Aft, pafied

*	in the Thirty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled 35 G.3. c. 94.

4 An A3 for ejlabli/bing a more eafy and expeditious Method for the

4 punctual and frequent Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers 4 belonging to His MajeJly*s Navy, and by fubfequent Regulations } 3*

*	eftablifhed under His Royal Highnefs the Prince Regent’s Order 4 in Council, certain Commifiioned and Warrant Officers of the Navy 4 are permitted to receive Part of their Pay and Allowances by

*	drawing Bills upon the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Navy, and 4 feme are allowed to receive the Whole of their Pay in that manner,

*	though it is ftill required of them to pafs the fame Documents

*	and Accounts annually, or on quitting a Ship: And Whereas it 4 is expedient to amend the faid Aft of the Thirty firft of His late 4 Majefty George the SecondBe it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent

T t 2	of

C.119,

59° GEO. Ill,

A.D. 1819.

644

$i G. a.c. to. 5 3c. applied to full Amount of Pay, &c.

Charge made by Agents for Accounts of Commissioned and Warrant Officers already passed r lawfuL

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this Aft, fo much of the faid recited Aft of the Thirty firit Year of the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second as refpefts the faid Allowance of Sixpence in the Pound for receiving <md paying any Wages, Prize Money, or any other Monies as aforefaid, (hall be deemed to be and (hall be, to all Intents and Purpofes, applicable and be applied to the full Amount of the Pay and Allowances receivable by all Commiffioned and Warrant Officers of His Majefty’s Navy who are by Law allowed to draw Bills upon the Commiffioners of His Majefty** Nary, and (hall not be deemed to be limited and reftrifted to Monies aftuaDy and bond fide paffing through the Hands of the laid Agents.

* II. And Whereas Doubts, have been entertained whether under

*	and by virtue of the faid recited Aft of the Thirty firft Year of ‘ the Reign of His late Majefty King George the Second, any

*	Compenfation may have been due to Navy Agents, in refpeft of paffing the Accounts of Commiffioned and Warrant Officers having annual or other Accounts to pafs, beyond the Amount of fuch Allowance of Sixpence in the Pound by the faid recited Aft

*	authorifed to be taken and retained for paying and receiving Pay,

•* Wages, Prize Money, or other Monies as aforefaid ;* Be it therefore further enafted. That on all Accounts pafled previoufly to this Aft it (hall and may be deemed lawful to and for Navy Agents to have made the ufual. and cuftomary Charges for patting fuch

In future, Al- Accounts ; but that from and after the paffing of this Aft the faid lowance of 6d. Allowance of Sixpence in the Pound for receiving and paying Wages, Pay, Prize Monies, or other Monies as aforefaid, (hall be deemed to be a full Compenfation for all Trouble whatfoever which Navy Agents may incur or be put unto for and in refpeft of paffing the Accounts of any Commiffioned or Warrant Officer (except as hereinafter is excepted); and fuch Allowance of Sixpence in the Pound (hall be paid and payable to fuch Navy Agents over and above all Public Fees and Allowances paid by them.

III.	And inafmuch as the Accounts of Captains and Purfers, and of Officers afting as Captains and Purfers, are intricate, and occasion much Trouble in the paffing thereof; be it therefore enafted, That from and after the paffing of this Aft it (hall and may be lawful to and for Navy Agents employed in receiving the Pay or other Monies of fuch Officers refpeftively, to charge, inftead of the faid Sum of Sixpence in the Pound hereinbefore allowed to be charged, the Sum of Three Pounds for every Hundred Pounds of tne Amount of the Pay of all Captains, and Officers afting as Captains, and fo in proportion for any fraftional Sum left than a Hundred Pounds; and the Sum of Three Pounds Fifteen Shillings for eveiy Hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Pay* Allowances and Balance Bills of all Purfers, or Officers afting as Purfers, and fo in proportion for any fraftional Sum lefs than a Hundred Pounds ; and luch Allowance of Three Pounds per Centum, and Three Pounds Fifteen Shillings per Centum refpeftively, (hall be deemed to be a full Compenfation for all Trouble whatfoever whfch Navy Agents may incur or be put unto for and in refpeft of paffing the Accounts of fuch Captains and Purfers, or Officers afting as fuch refpeftively; and fuch refpeftive Allowances (hall be

paid

in the Pound to be the Charge for Agency.

For passing Captains' Accounts, Agent may charge 3I. per Cent, on Amount; and for Pursers,

3I. 15s. per Cent.

A.D. 1819*

59® GEO. III.

C.119, 120.

645

paid and payable to fach Navy Agents, over and above all Public Fees and Allowances paid by tnem: Provided always, that nothing in this A61 contained mall extend or be conftrued to extend to alter, vary or repeal any Part of the faid recited Ads, or any other A61 or A 61s ox Parliament now in force for the better Payment of His Majefty’s Navy, as far as the faid Ads, any or either of them, relate to inferior Officers and Seamen.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to affed the Plaintiff or Defendant in any Adion, Bill, Plaint or Information which (hall have been fued out, commenced or profecuted before the Twpnty firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, or any Plea or Defence thereto, but fuch Plaintiff or Defendant (hall and may be entitled in all Courts of Law and Equity to all the Benefit of the faid recited Ad of the Thirty firft Year of the Reign of His Majefty King George the Second, and of every Claufe, Matter and Thing contained, in fuch and the fame manner as if this Ad had not been made.

Proviso for former Acts for Payment of the Navy.

ftovlso for Actions commenced before . June ax, 1819.

CAP. CXX.

An Ad for eflablifbing a Regiftry of Colonial Slaves in Great Britain, and for making further ProviGon with refped to the Removal of Slaves from Britifb Colonies. 1

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS Laws have been paffed in feveral of the Colonies and other Foreign Poffellions of His Majefty, for enforcing the due Regiftration therein, of all Perfons who are now, or may at any future time be held in Slavery within the fame: And Whereas ProviGon has been made for tranfmitting to One of His Maiefty’s Principal Secretaries of State, a Copy duly certified of -each fuch Regiftry: And Whereas it is expedient, both for the better and more enedual Prefervation of the faid Copies, and for the Convenience of all Perfons having any Intereft in Perfons held in Slavery in the Briti/b Colonies, that the Copies of fuch Regiftries fhould be depoGted and kept in fome Public Office in this Country Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for His Majesty His Majefty to nominate and appoint, by Warrant under the Hand may appoint a and Seal of One of His Majefty*8 Principal Secretaries of State, fame Gt and proper Perfon as the Regiftrar of Colonial Slaves, to to	m

receive the Copies of all Regiftries or Returns of Slaves, and of Copies of Ke-any Abftrads or Indexes referring thereto, which may have been, turns of Slave* or which may at any time hereafter be transmitted from any of His Afajefty’s Foreign Poffeffions, either in purfuance of any Order of His Majefty in Council, or of any Law or Ordinance duly paffed in any of the faid Colonies refpedively, which faid Regiftrar and his Succeffor8 refpedively, (hall continue to hold the faid Office during His Majefty *s Pleafure.

II.	And be it further enaded, That the Ccmumffioners of His TVeasury to. Bdbyefty's Trtafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and asrign uch Ro-

TtS	Ireland,	gtow*	»	Salary

C. 120<

$9* GEO- III

A.D. 18191

not exceeding 8oCl. per Ann* and fix Number of Clerks, Ac. and allow them Salaries. .

Office to be provided, and a Schedule of Fees prepared.

Application of Fees.

Registrar to take an Oath before be enters upon Office.

Ireland\ or any Three or more of them, (hall affign to the Regiftrar fo appointed, fuch a Salary, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds per jfnnum, as (haS appear to them adequate and proper, and (hall fix the Number of fuch Clerks, Officers or other Perfons to aflift the faid Regiftrar, as may from time to time be neceflary, and (hall allow to them alfo fuch Salaries as may be proper, ana alfo reafonable Sums for incidental Charges ; all wnich Salaries and Charges (hall be defrayed and paid in the fame manner as the Salaries ana incidentalCharges of the Offices of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State are now defrayed and paid.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the faid Commiffionert of the Treafury, or any Three or more of them, (hall provide a proper and diftind Office for the faid Regiftrar, and (hall appoint the feveral Fees to be taken by the Regiftrar or his Affiftants in the faid Office, and (hall caule a Schedule of the fame to be delivered to the faid Regiftrar at the time of his Appointment, which faid Schedule, or a Copy thereof, (hall be always kept and hung for Public Information in the Office of the faid Regiftrar; provided always, that the Fees fo received by the Regiftrar or his Affiftants (hall be carried to the Public Account, and the Refidue thereof, if any, after paying the Salaries of the Regiftrar and other Perfons employed in nis Office, (hall be applied under the Direction of the faia Commiflioners of the Treafury, in aid of the Expences of His Majefty’s Civil Lift.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That the Perfon who may be at any time appointed Regiftrar of Colonial Slaves, (hall before he enters on the Execution of his faid Office, be fwom before the Chief Juftice or One of the Juftices of His Majefty’s Courts of King’s Bench or Common Pleas, or the Chief Baron, or One of the Barons of His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer, in the Words following :

Oath.

Registrar not eligible to sit in House of Commons.

Copies and Duplicates of Registries received by Sec re* taries of State delivered over to Registrar.

Attendance daily from Ten

4 1 A. B. do folemnly promife and fwear, That I will in all refpe&g 4 * faithfully and uprightly perform the Duties of Regiftrar of 4 Colonial Slaves, to the belt of my Judgment and Ability.

4 So help me GOD.*

V.	And be it further enaded. That any Regiftrar of Slaves who may be appointed by virtue of this Ad, (hall during his Continuance in fuch Office be incapable of being eleded, or of fitting as a Member of the Houfe of Commons.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That as foon as the Office of Regiftrar of Colonial Slaves (hall be opened, Copies and Duplicates of the feveral Regiftries and Returns ot Slaves in the feveral Colonies, and all Papers conneded therewith, which may have been received by any of His Majefty’s Secretaries of State, (nail be delivered over to the faid Regiftrar, and (hall be by him kept in the faid Office; and the faid Regiftrar (hall from time to time carry on, continue, corred and enlarge the Copies of the feveral Regiftries of Slaves refpedively, puriuant to the further Returns of Slaves which may from time to time be received from the feveral Colonies, and (hau form fuch Indexes and Abftrads, and fuch convenient Arrangements in other refpeds, as may beft promote Regularity in keepingthe faid Books and facilitate Search therein.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That every fuch Regiftrar, or his Clerks or Affiftants, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, (hall give

due

A.D. 1619.

59* GEO. III.

C.120.

647

due Attendance at the faid Office every Day in the Week (except Sundays and fuch Holidays as are kept at the Bank of EnglandJ, from the Hour of Ten in the Morning to the Hour of Four m the Afternoon, for the Difpatch of all Bufinefs belonging to the faid Office; and that every fuch Regiftrar, or his Clerks or Affiftants, (hall as often as required make Searches concerning any Slave or Slaves that (hall be regiftered or fuppofed to be regiftered in any of the faid Books, and (hall alfo, if required, give Certificates under the Hand of the faid Regiftrar, as to the Regiftration or Non Regiftration of any fuch Slave or Slaves, with Extra&s, when the fame is or are found to be regiftered, of the Name and Defcription or Names and Defcriptibns thereof, and of the Plantation or Plantations, Owner or Owners, to whom the fame is or are defcribed to belong, and of any other Particulars relating thereto which may be Rated in the faid Regiftry ; and that fuch Regiftrar (hall be entitled to receive for every inch Search, Certificate or Extra&, fuch Sums as (hall be duly appointed in the Schedule of Fees to be fixed bv the (aid Commiffioners of the Treafury as is hereinbefore provided tor.

VIII.	And be it further enaded. That from and after the Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, it fhaU sot be lawful for any of His Majefty’s Subje&s in this United Kingdom to purchafe, or to lend or advance any Money, Goods or Effe&a upon the Security of any Slave or Slaves in any of His Maiefty’s Colonies or Foreign PofTemons, unlefs fuch Slave or Slaves« (haU appear by the Return received therein to have been firft duly regiftered in the faid Office of the Regiftrar of Colonial Slaves ; ana that every Sale, Mortgage and Conveyance, or Afturance of, and every Charge or other Security upon any Slave or Slaves not fo appearing to be regiftered, which at any time or times after the faid Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, (hall be made or executed within this United Kingdom to or in truft for any of His Majefty’s Subje&s, (hall be absolutely null and void in refpe& of any fuch unregiftered Slave or Slaves, and that for this Purpofe no Slave or Slaves (hall be deemed and taken to be duly regiftered, unlefs it (hall appear that a Return of fuch Slave or Slaves duly made by the Owner or Owners, or other Perfons in his or their behalf, in the manner and Form required by Law, in the Colony in which fuch Slave or Slaves may refide, or a Copy or Abftra£t of fuch Return, (hall have been received in the Office of the faid Regiftrar, from the Colony in which fuch Slave or Slaves (hall refide, within the Four Years next preceding the Date of fuch Sale,. Mortgage, Conveyance or Aflurance, Charge or Security as aforefaicL

IX.	And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the faid Firft Day of January One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, no Deed or Inftrument made or executed within this United Kingdom, whereby any Slave or Slaves in any of the faid Colonies (rail be intended to be mortgaged, fold, charged or* in any manner transferred or conveyed, or any Eftate or Intereft therein created or raifed, (hall be good or valid in Law, to pafs or convey, charge or affe& any fuch Slave or Slaves, unlefs the regiftered Name and Defcription or Mamet and Descriptions of fiich Slave or Slaves (hall be duly fet forth in fuch Deed or Inftrument, or in fome Schedule thereupon indorfed or thereto annexed, according to the then lateft Regiftration or oocre&ed Regiftration of fuch Slave or Slaves in the faid Office

Tt 4	of

to Four (except Sundays and Holidays).

Searches to ba made and Certificates given by Registrar.

Fee for Search.

After Jan. r, i8ao, no Pur* chase or Money lent on Security of Slaves, unless registered.

Sale or Mortgage otherwise made, shall be void, Ac.

What taken to-be duly registering

No Deed executed for the Conveyance of Slaves valid, unless regie-tered Name, Ae. of Slave set forth.

645

C. 120.

59° GEO. IIL

A.D. 1819.

Misnomers tot to invalidate Deed.

Proviso for Securities executed before passing of Act, and certain other Deeds herein mentioned.

In vrhat Case Issue of Slaves named in any Deed taken to Ihj conveyed thereby.

46 G. 3. c.52.

f *3*

When Slaves sent from one Colony to

of the Regiftrar of Slaves: Provided always, that no Deed or Inftrument (hall be avoided or impeached, by reafon of a Clerical Error in fetting forth the Names and Descriptions of any Slave or Slaves therein, or in any Schedule thereto contained, nor (hall the fame be avoided or impeached by reafon of any Difagreement between the Names and Descriptions, and the Entries thereof in the Books of Regiflry, or Duplicate Regiftry, which (hall have arifen from any Error or Default of the Regiftrar, his Affiftants or Clerks, in extra&ingand certifying the faid Names and Defcriptions, without the fraudulent Contrivance or wilful Default of the Parties to fuch Deed or Inftrument: Provided alfo, that nothing herein contained (hall extend to or be conftrued to Under or prevent the Transfer or Alignment of any Security, Mortgage or Charge of or upon Slaves granted, made, created or executed antecedently to the pafnne of this A A, nor to avoid any Deed or Inftrument whereby fuch Security, Mortgage or Charge (hall be hereafter transferred, nor to avoid, hinder or impeach any Will, Codicil or other Teftamentary Paper, or any Probate or Letters of Adminiftration, or any ‘ Bill of Sale, Aflignment, Conveyance or Inftrument made by or under the Authority of any Commiffion of Bankrupt, or any Public Officer appointed to affign or convey any Insolvent's Eftate and EfFe&s, or by or under the Authority of anv Court of Juftice, or any Officer thereof, or in the Execution of any legal Procefs, by reafon that the regiftered Names and Defcriptions of any Slaves are not fet forth in fuch Deed, Will, Codicil, Teftamentary Paper, Probate, Letters of Adminiftration, Bill of Sale, Aflignment, Conveyance or Inftrument.

X. And be it further ena&ed. That the Iflue of any Slave or Slaves named or deferibed in any Deed or Inftrument executed in the United Kingdom, or any Schedule thereto, born after the Return required by Law, in the Colony in which fuch Slave or Slaves may be relident, who (hall afterwards be duly regiftered in the next Return required by Law in the faid Colony, (nail be deemed and con-(idered to pafs, and be conveyed and affe&ed as regiftered Slaves by fuch Deed or Inftrument, as effe&ually to all Intents and Purposes, as if fuch Iflue were therein named and deferibed, any thing m this A& contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

• XI. And Whereas by an A& pafled in the Forty (ixth Year of ‘ His Maiefty's Reign, intituled An A3 to prevent the Importation of

* Slaves, by any of His Majefy's Subjeffs, into any Ijlands, Colonies,

*	Plantations oO Territories belonging to any Foreign Sovereign, State or

*	Power; and alfo to render more effectual a certain Order$ made by

*	His Majejly in Council on the Fifteenth Day of Auguft One tbossfand 1 eight hundred and Jive, for prohibiting the Importation of Slaves (hi ‘ certain Cafes) into any of the Settlements, Colonies or Plantations on the 1 Continent of America or in the Weft Indies, which have been fin* 1 rendered to His Majejly*s Arms during the prefent Wart and to

*	prevent the fitting out of Foreign Slave Ships from Briti(h Ports; ‘ certain Regulations were made with refpedfc to the Removal of

*	Slaves from one Britijh Colony to another: And Whereas it is < expedient further to regulate the fame ;* Be it therefore further enadted, That wherever any Slave or Slaves (hall ha fent from any Colony now or hereafter under the Dominion of His Majefty, His Heirs or Succeflors, with intent that, fuch Slave or Slaves (hall he

removed

A.D.I819.

59° GEO. III.

C.120.

649

removed to and remain in fome other Colony under the Dominion mother. Owner of Hil Maiefty, His Heirs or Succeflors, the Owner or Owners, or other Perlon or Perfons fending any fuch Slave or Slaves, (hall a cmiHed produce to the Colle&or or other Principal Officer of His Majefty’s Copy of Regis-Cuftoms at the Port ai which any fuch Slave or Slaves (hall be ter of Names, (hipped or embarked, a Copy duly certified by the Regiftrar of the &c. to be in-faid Colony, of the Name and Description, or Names and Defcrip-tions, bv which fuch Slave or Slaves has or have been regiftered, and of all otner Particulars relating thereto ftated in the faid Regiftry; duced to Offi-which Copy fo certified (hall be by fuch Colle&or or other Principal cer at Port of Officer indorfed with his own Name and Hand Writing, and (hall be Arrival, who is annexed to the Clearance or Permit to be given for the Shipment and *• see if the Exportation of fuch Slave or Slaves* and (nail on the Arrival of fuch Ship or Veflel in which fuch Slave or Slaves (hall be fent, at the gcription Port in any other Britijb Colony to which the fame (hall be deftined, therein, be produced alfo to the Colle&or or Principal Officer of the Cuftoms at fuch laft mentioned Port, who (hall examine the fame, and (hall alfo afcertain by perfonal Infpe£tion whether the Slave or Slaves brought by fuch Ship or Veffel agree in Description with the Slave of Slaves mentioned in fuch Certificate or Clearance, and if not, (hall refiife to admit the fame to an Entry, but in cafe of fuch Agreement, (hall indorfe fuch Certificate with his Name and Hand Writing, and the faid Certificate fo indorfed (hall be forthwith delivered by the Colleftor to the Regiftrar of Slaves in fuch laft mentioned Colony.

XII. And be it and it is hereby further ena£ted, That if any Slave Slaves sent or Slaves (hall be exported, fent, carried or conveyed from any without such Colony under the Dominion of His Maiefty, His Heirs or Succel-fors, without fuch certified Copy from tne Regiftrar of the Colony wjtll from which the fame (hall be fo exported, fent, carried or conveyed, agreeably’to fuch Slave or Slaves, with the Ship or Veflel in which the fame (hall 47 6- 3- c* 36* be fo exported, fent, carried or conveyed, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized as forfeited, and profecuted, condemned and dealt with in all refpedts as if fuch Slave or Slaves had been brought from or deftined to any Foreign Colony or Place contrary to the A6t paffed in the Forty feventh Year oi His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for the Abolition of the Slave Trade : Provided always, that Proviso for nothing herein contained (hall prevent or be conftrued to prevent > Embarkation the Embarkation or Paflage from One Britt/b. Colony to another, or <*0,me>y to any other Colony or Place, in fuch manner as is now permitted by Law, of any domeftic Slave or Slaves in a&ual Attendance on the '

Perfon of his, her or their Mafter or Miftrefs, or any Part of the Family of fuch Mafter or Miftrefs, being a Paflenger or Pafiengers in the fame Ship or Veflel, or of any Slave or Slaves employed as a Mariner or Mariners on board of any fuch Ship or Veflel $ but in After Jan. i, addition to all Clearances and Certificates now required by Law, it i**o. Owners (hall be neceflary, in all fuch Cafes after the Firft Day of January domestic One thoufand eight hundred and twenty, for the Mafter or Owner of obta^Extracts any fuch domeftic Slave or Slaves, or Mariner or Mariners, to Certified by obtain from the Regiftry of the Colony to which the fame (hall Registrar of belong, an Extract certified by the Regiftrar thereof, (hewing that Registry to be fuch domeftic Slave or Slaves, or that fuch Slave or Slaves employed ^ as a Mariner or Mariners, has or have been duly entered in the Slave JwJSS™*** Regiftry of the' faid Colony, by their Name and Defcription or

Names

650

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

C. 160,121.

Names and Descriptions therein Specified; which Extra# and Certificate (hall be always on board the Ship or Veflel in which any fuch Domeftic or Manner is carried or employed ; and unlefs fuch ExtnA and Certificate of Registration (hall be found on board, any fuch Slave or Slaves fo carried or employed after the time aforefakl, fhaU be forfeited, and (hall and may be Seized as forfeited, and profecuted. Penalty.'	condemned and dealt with as aforefaid: Provided always, that if

When Do- any domeftic Slave or Slaves in a#ual Attendance upon the Perfou mestic Slave of his, her or their Mafter or Miftrefs, or any Part of the Family of fuch Mafter or Miftrefs, (hall be brought into or landed in any Fritijh Colony, the Extra# and Certificate of his, her or their whence brought Regillration in the Colony from which he, (he or they may have to be produced come, (hall be forthwith produced to the Collector or Principal to Officer, &C. Officer of the Cuftoms, and a Copy thereof (hall be by him delivered to the Regiftrar of Slaves in the Colony into which oe, (he or they may be brought; and if the (aid domeftic Slave or Slaves (hall be again removed from the Colony into which they may have been fo brought previous to the next Period for making Returns of Slaves therein, tne Colle&or (hall, previous to the Embarkation of fuch domeftic Slave or Slaves, return to the Party requiring it the original Extra# and Certificate of Regiftnition delivered into his Office, to be kept on board the Ship or Veffei in which fuch domeftic Slave or Slaves may be carried.

Act altered, As. XIII. And be it further ena#ed, That this A# may be altered, this Session. amended or repealed by any A# or A#s to be paffed in this prefeat Seffion of Parliament.

CAP. CXXI.

An A# to make further Regulations for the Prevention of Smuggling.	[12th	July	1819.]

€	HERE AS by the Laws riow in force certain Veffels and

*	Vv Boats, belonging in the whole or in part to His Majefty’s

*	Subje#s, or whereof One Half of the Perfons on board are Sub-

*	je#s of His Majefty, if found or difeovered to have been within

*	certain Diftances of the Coafts of Great Britain and Ireland, having ‘ on board Foreign Spirits, Tea, Tobacco or Snuff, are liable to

*	Forfeiture, and every Perfon on board, being a Subje# of His

*	Majefty, is liable to be arrefted and taken before a Juftice of the

*	Peace, and not proving to be a Paffenger, to be fined or impreffed

<	into His Majefty’s Naval Service : And Whereas the Intention of ‘ thofe Laws are defeated by Foreign Veffels and Boats having on

<	board His Majefty’s Subje&s, although not amounting to Half,

*	and alfo by fome of £ich Subjects pretending to be Paffengers Be it therefore ena#ed by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and. Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and

Foreign Smug- by the Authority of the fame, That if any Foreign Smuggling Veflel gling Vessels, or Boat, in which there (hall be One or more Subjc&s of His in which them Majefty, whether Mariners or Perfons pretending to be Paffengers, *h*U	**	f°un<l	or difeovered to have been within Four Leagues of

nfHis Mtjttty, that Part of the Coaft of Great Britain which is between the North found within * Foreland on the Coaft of Kent, and Beachj Head on the Coaft of

A.D.181&

5<J° GEO. IIL

C.121.

651

Sujfex, or within Eight Leagues of any other Fart of the Coaft of Great Britain or Ireland, having on board any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits, in any Calk or Package of lefs Size or Content than Sixty Gallons (except only for the Ufe of the Seamen belonging to and on board fuch Veffel or Boat, not exceeding two Gallons for each Seaman) $ or any Tea exceeding Six Pounds in the whole; or any Tobacco or Snuff, in any Calk or Package - whatever containing lefs than Four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight, except loofe Tobacco for the Ufe of the Seamen on board fuch Veflel or Boat, not exceeding Five Pounds Weight of Tobacco for each Seaman, and except fuch Tea or manufadured Tobacco or Snuff as fhall have been duly {hipped for Exportation as Merchan-dife on board fuch Veffel or Boat from fome Port or Place in Ireland; fuch Veffel or Boat, together with all the Goods laden therein, lhall be forfeited, and lhall and may be feized, profecuted and dealt with as by the Laws now in force for the Prevention of Smuggling; and every fuch Subjed of His Majefty, who lhall be found on board fuch Veffel or Boat, lhall be liable to all the Pains and Penalties, and lhall and may be detained, profecuted, convided or delivered aver to His Majefty’s Navy, in like manner as Perfons being Subjeds of His Majefty, and found on board Veffels or Boats liable to Forfeiture, belonging wholly or in part to His Mzyefty’s Subjeds, or whereof One Half of the Perfons on board are Subjeds of His Majefty, may, by any Law or Laws now in force, be detained, profecuted, convided or delivered over to His Majefty’s Navy ; and the Officer or Officers detaining fuch Perfon lhall be allowed the like Reward, and Part or Share of any Penalty that may be recovered from any fuch Perfon, as is now by Law allowed and paid for the Detention of Perfons in limilar Cafes.

II. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That fuch Diftance of Eight Leagues in this Ad mentioned may and lhall be meafured in any Diredion between the Southward and Eaftward of Beachy Heady and the Provilions of this Ad lhall extend to fuch Limits and Diftance of Eight Leagues in every Diredion from Beachy Heady although any Part of fuch Limits fo extended may exceed the Diftance of Four Leagues before mentioned from any Part of the Coaft of Great Britain to the Eaftward of Beachy Head aforefaid.

1 III. And Whereas by an Ad paffed in the Fifty feventh

*	Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to 4 amend Two A3s pajfid in the Forty fifth Tear of His prefent Majefty 4 and in the lajl Scjfton of Parliament, for the mating more effectual 4 Provifionfor the Prevention of Smuggling, it is amongft other things 4 enaded, that in all Cafes where any Perfon liable to be arrefted 4 under any of the Ads made for the Prevention of Smuggling lhall

*	be fit and able to ferve His Majefty in His Naval Service, and

*	liable under the faid Ads or any of them to be impreffed into fuch

*	Service, every fuch Perfon fo arrefted lhall be taken before fuch 4 Juftice or Juftices as aforefaid, and lhall upon fuch Proof as by

*	the faid Ad of the Forty fifth Year aforefaid or any other Ad is

*	required, be committed oy fuch Juftice or Juftices to Prifon, to 4 aniwer fuch Information and abide fuch Judgment as may be

*	thereon given againft him in that behalf; and that it lhall and may

*	be lawful for the Gaoler or Keeper of any Prifon or Houfe of

*	Corredion in which fuch Perfon mall be fo imprifoned, or for any

* Officer

certain Leagues of the Coast, having on board Spirits in Casks of less Content than 6o Gallons (Exception) ; or Tea, or Tobacco, exceeding a certain Quantity; forfeited with Cargo; and such Subjects liable to Prosecution,

How the Leagues shall be measured.

si 0.3. c.87. '

s«.

C. 121.

'59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Persons arrested under this or Conner Acts, and found not lit for the Nary, Penalty loci.

If not paid, imprisoned.

8 G. i. c. 18.

f*.

Persons found or haring been on board of Vessels liable to Forfeiture, wearing Disguise shall, on Conviction, be transported.

*	Officer of Cuftoms or Excife, on the Order of the Commiffioners of

*	Cuftoms or Excife refpeftively direfting the Profecution, to fuch

*	Gaoler or Keeper and Officer refpeftively, to carry and convey or

*	caufe to be carried or conveyed any fuch Perfon on board of any

*	of His Majefty's Ships of War, in order to his being imprefled into 4 His Majefty’s Naval Service : And Whereas it has been in many 4 Inftances found that Perfons fo carried and conveyed on board a

*	Ship of War have, on their Examination by the proper Naval 4 Officer, been deemed unfit for His Majefty’s Naval Service ;9 Be it therefore enafted, That from and after the pafiing of this Aft, when any Perfon fo committed as aforefaid and taken on board a Ship of War (hall be found not fit or able to ferve His Majefty in Hu Naval Service, and fhall be refufed by any proper Naval Officer to be received into fuch Naval Service, every fuch Perfon fhall forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; and the Gaoler, Keeper or other Officer who fo carried and conveyed the faid Perfon on board the faid Ship of War, fhall reconvey the faid Perfon before the faid Juftice or Juftices of the Peace who had previoufly, on Proof as required by Law, committed the faid Perfon to Prifon, and the faid Juftice or Juftices is and are hereby authorifed and Featured, to con* vift the faid Perfon in the faid Penalty of One hundred Pounds ; and every fuch Perfon fo convi&ed as aforefaid fhall immediately on fuch Conviftion pay down into the Hands of the faid Officer who detained the faid Fenon, or into the Hands of the Juftice or Juftices, to be applied according to Law, the faid Penalty in which he fhall be fo convifted; and if any fuch Perfon fo convifted fhall not forthwith pay down the faid Penalty, the faid Juftice or Juftices fhall and he and they is and are hereby refpeftively authorifed and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, to commit the Perfon io convifted as aforefaid to any Gaol or Prifon or Houfe of Correftkm, until fuch Penalty fhall be paid.

4 IV. And Whereas by an Aft pafled in the Eighth Year of the 4 Reign of His Majefty King George the Firft, intituled An A3 io 4 prevent the clandeJHne removing of Goods, and the Danger of InfeSim 4 thereby ; and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; and to fnlyed 4 Copper Ore oj the ProduBton of the Britifh Plantations to fuch Rcgu-4 lotions as other enumerated Commodities of the like ProduBum art fukyeB, 4 certain Provifions are made againft Perfons found pafiing with 4 Foreign Goods, landed without Payment of Dudes, in their 4 Cuftcdy, from any of the Coafts of this Kingdom, or within the 4 Space of Twenty Miles of any of the faid Coafts, wearing any 4 Vizard, Maik or other Difguife: And Whereas it is expedient to 4 extend the like Provifions with refpeft to any Perfon or Perfons fo 4 difguifed and found or difeovered on board certain Veffels found 4 within the Britifh or Irijb Channels, or elfewhere within certain 4 Diftances of the Coaft of this Kingdom ;9 Be it therefore enafted* That if any Perfon or Perfons, being His Majefty’s Subjeft or Subjefts, fhall be found or taken on board, or difeovered to have been on board any Ship, Veflel or Boat liable to Forfeiture under any of the Provifions ot any Aft or Afts of Parliament, for being found or haying been at anenor or hovering within any fuch Diftances of any of the Dominions of His Majefty, with fuch Goods on board|a§ fubjeft fuch Ship, Veflel or Boat, or Goods, to Forfeiture, wearing any Vizardy Mafk or other Difguife, fuch Perfon or Perfects

fhall

4

A J* 1819.

C.12I

653

59° QEO. III.

(hall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and fhall on Convi&ion for fuch his, her or their Offence, be tranfported as a Felon for the Space of Seven Years; and if any fuch Offender (hall return into Great Britain or Ireland before the Expiration of the faid Seven Years, he, (he or they fo returning (hall fuffer as a Felon, and have Execution awarded againft him, her or them, as Perfons attainted of Felony without benefit of Clergv.

4 V. And Whereas by an A A palled in the Forty feventh Year of 4 the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to make more 4 effectual Provifion for the Prevention of Smuggling 9 it is ena&ed, that 4 any Perfon or Perfons making, or aiding or am (ling in the making, 4 or being prefent for the purpofe of aiding or aififting in the 4 making any Light, Fire, fia(h or Blaze, or Signal, in or on board 4 any Veffel or Boat, or on or from any Part of the Coaft or Shores 4 of Great Britain9 or within Six Miles of fuch Coail or Shores, for 4 the purpofe of making or giving any Signal to any Perfon or 4 Perfons on board any Smuggling Veffel or Boat, and being duly 4 convi&ed thereof, (hall by Order of the Court before whom fuen 4 Perfon or Perfons (hall be convi&ed, either forfeit and pay the 4 Penalty of One hundred Pounds, or at the Difcretion of fuch 4 Court be fentenced to or committed to the Common Gaol or 4 Houfe of Corre&ion, there to be kept to hard Labour for any 4 Term not exceeding One Year: And Whereas it is expedient to 4 encourage the Apprehenfion of fuch Offenders;* Be it ena&ed, That in every fuch Cafe where any Offender or Offenders (hall be fo convi&ed of fuch Offence as aforefaid, and (hall, in lieu of paying any fuch Penalty, be fentenced to or committed to the Common Gaol or Houfe of Corre&ion, it (hall be lawful for the Commiffioners of the Cuftoms and Excife refpe&ively to order and dire& any Sum not exceeding Twenty five Pounds to be paid out of any Monies in the Hands of the Receiver General of the Cuffoms and Excife refpe&ively, to any Perfon or Perfons who (hall have informed againft, difeovered or profecuted any fuch Offender as aforefaid.

4 VI. And Whereas by an A& paffed in the Fifty feventh Year 4 of His prefent Majefty*8 Reign, intituled An A3 to reduce the 4 Allowance of Spirits, Tea and Tobacco9 for the Ufe of Seamen on 4 hoard certain Ships or Veffels making Jhort Voyages9 certain Provi-4 (ions and Forfeitures are made refpe&ing Ships or Veffels (not 4 being fquare rigged) coming from any Place between the Port of 4 Brejt on the Coaft of France9 and certain other Places therein 4 mentioned, which (hall arrive in any of the Ports of that Part of 4 the United Kingdom called Great Britain9 or be found at anchor 4 or hovering within the Limits or Diftances therein mentioned, having 4 on board Spirituous Liquors, Tea or Tobacco, exceeding certain 4 Allowances therein mentioned, but no Regulation is made refpe&-4 ing Ships or Veffels which may come from the faid Port of Brejl 4 on the Coaft of FranceBe it therefore ena&ed, That all the Provifions and Forfeitures of the faid recited A& (hall extend to all Ships or Veffels (not being fquare rigged) coming from the faid Port of Brejl9 which (nail arrive in any of the Ports of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or be found at anchor or hovering within the Limits or Diftances therein mentioned, having on board for the Ufe of the Seamen then belonging to and on board fuch-Ship or Veffel, any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors exceeding

One

47 G.3. Sen. 2. o,66. § 34*

Tn what Case n Reward not exceeding 15L to Informer* against Persons convicted of making Signals for. Smuggling Vessels.

57 G. 3. c.33-

§ *•

Provisions, &c. of recited Act extended to (Exception) Vessels coming from Brest having on board Spirits, &e. exceeding a certain Quantity.

654

G* 191

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Where Charges of Prosecution in Seizures of Carriages and Hones exceed Produce of Sale thereof. Excess may be paid out of Sale of Goods.

wovmo tor Officers entitled to gross Share of Goods

One Gallon for each Seaman, or having on board any Tea exceeding Four Pounds Weight in the Whole, or having on board any Tobacco (excepting loofe Tobacco, not exceeding Two Pounds Weight for each Seaman), as folly and effedually to all Intents and Purpofes as if the faid Ad, and all the Claufes, Provifions, Powers, Authorities, Forfeitures, Matters and Things relating thereto, were particularly and exprefsly repeated and re-enaded in the Body of this prefent Ad.

* VII. And Whereas the Charges of profecuting and condemning

*	Carts and other Carnages, and Horfes and other Cattle, feized for

*	Offences againft the Laws for Protedion of the Revenue of

*	Cuftoms or Excife, in certain Inftances exceed the Produce arifing

*	from the Sale of foch Seizures ; and it is expedient, in Cafes where

*	Goods alfo (hall or may be feized therewith, that the Excefs of

*	foch Charges fhould be defrayed out of the Produce arifing from

*	the Sale of the Goods on account of whjch foch Carts and other

*	Carriages, and Horfes and other Cattle, have been fo feized Be it therefore enaded, That in all Cafes wherein the Charges of profecuting and condemning Carts and other Carnages, and Horfes and other Cattle, feized for Offences againft the Laws for Protedion of the Revenue of Cuftoms or Excife, (hall exceed the Produce arifing from the Sale thereof, it (hall and may be lawful for the Com-miffioner8 of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in England, or any Four or more of them, and alfo for the Commiffioners of His Maiefty’s Cuftoms in Scotland, or any Three or more of them refpedively, if they (hall think proper, to order foch Part of the Expences arifing either from the Seizure, Cuftody, Removal, Detention, Profecution or Condemnation of any fucn Cart or other Carriage, Horfe or other Cattle, as fhall exceed tne Produce arifing from the Sale of foch Seizure, to be defrayed out of the Produce arifing from the Sale of the Goods on account of which they fhall have been fo feized: Provided always nevertheief8, that this Ad fhall not extend to any Cafe wherein the Officers of the Cuftoms fhall, by any Law now in force or hereafter to be made, be entitled to a grofs Share of the Goods feized by him.

4 VIII. And Whereas a Pradice has prevailed of building Boats

*	with double Bottoms or double Sides, whereby cuftomable or pro-‘ hibited Goods may be concealed and run into this Country; 4 and in order to prevent foch illicit Pradices being carried into 4 execution, it is expedient that foch Boats, if found within certain

*	Diftances, fhould be forfeited ;* Be it therefore enaded. That if

Boats with any Boat whatever, having a double Bottom or double Side or Sides, double Bottoms fhall be found within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, found witto*8 or he ^^coveret^ t0 have been within the faid Limits; or if any certain Dis- Boat, having a double Bottom or double Side or Sides, belonging tances, for- wholly or in part to His Majefty's Subjeds, or whereof One Half foited.	-	of the Perfons on board fhall be Subjeds of His Majefty, fhall be

found in any Part of the Briti/b or Irifb Channels, or elfewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coafts of Great Britain or Ireland\ or fhall be difcovered to have been within the faid Limits; every foch Boat, together with aB her Materials, fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Navy or Marines, or of the Cuftoms or Excife.

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. in.

0.121

655

* IX. And Whereas in Ships from Forrign Parts Goods have 4 been found concealed in falfe Bulk Heads, between the Linings,

4 and falfe Knees, or in concealed Lockers, or in the Baflaft or falfe

4 Package, and other Places, which the Officers of the Cuftoms

4 cannot eaiily find out or difeover, in order to their being landed

4 without Payment of Duties, and fuch Goods are not by any Law

4 liable to Forfeiture if difeovered previous to the Mafter making his Goods found

4 Report at the Cuftom Houfe For Remedy whereof be it enaaed, concealed on

That all Goods which fhall be found concealed as aforefaid, or con-

cealed in any other Place on board any Ship or Veflel at arty time, “	^

either before or after the Mafter thereof fhall have made his Report at Master makes

the Cuftom Houfe, fhall be forfeited and loft, and fhall and may be his Report,

feized and profecuted by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms. forfeited.

X.	And be it further cna&ed. That if any Ship or Veffel (not Vessels found Being fquare rigged), or any Boat, fhall arrive in any of the Ports within certain of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or fhall be found at anchor or hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports	~

thereof, or within Four Leagues of that Part of the Coaft thereof j)uty w pio. which is between the North Foreland on the Coaft of Kent, and Beaehy hibited, such Head on'the Coaft of Suffex, or within Eight Leagues of any other Goods and Vo* Part of the Coaft of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great 4614 Britain, or fhall have been difeovered to have been within the faid Limits or Diftances, and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Prtmso for Weather permitting, unlefs in cafe of unavoidable Neceflity and Stress of Wes-Diftrefs of Weather, of which Neceflity and Diftrefs the Mafter or ther* &c* other Perfon having or taking the Charge or Command of fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat, fhall give Notice and make proof before the Colle&or or other Chief Officer of the Cuftom9 of any Port within the Limits of which fuch Ship, Veffel or Boat fhall be found, immediately after the Arrival of fuch Ship, Veflel or Boat within the Limits of fuch Port, having on board any Goods liable to the Payment of Cuftoms or other Duties, or any Goods prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom, concealed between falfe Bulk Heads, real or falfe Linings, or in any Concealment in the Conftru&ion and Fitment of the Veflel, obvioufly for the purpofe of Concealment, in any Part of ffich Ship, Veflel or Boat, or in or amongft any Package of other Goods on board fuch Ship, Veflel or Boat, then not only the faid Goods fo concealed fhall be forfeited, but alfo the Ship or Veflel (not being fquare rigged) or Boat, on board which they fhall be found as aforefaid, with all ner Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and ^Apparel, fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Cuftoms or Excife.

4 XI. And Whereas it is expedient, for the more effe&ual Execu-€ tion of the Laws now in Force, or hereafter to be made, for

*	the Benefit of Shipping and Navigation, "and of His Majefty’s

*	Revenue of Cuftoms, and for the Suppreffion of Smuggling in

*	the Colonies or Plantations in America or the Wejl Indus, which

*	now are or hereafter may be under the Dominion of His Majefty,

*	His Heirs and Succeflors, that the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s

*	Cuftoms in that Part of the United Kingdom called England,

*	fhonld be empowered to grant their Deputations to any Perfon or

*	Perfons they may think fit, in the faid Colonies or Plantations

*	' (although fuch Perfon or Perfons may not hold or be appointed to

* any

656

a 121.

59° GEO. III.

AJ>. 1819.

Commissioner* of Customs in England may grant their deputation to Persons in the British Colonies in America and the West In- , dies, authorising them to make Seizures when Goods and Vessels are liable to Seisures.

Such Seisures' to be prosecuted as if made by Officers of the Customs.

56 G.3. c. 10/.

§ 43-

Owners of square rigged Vessels, value

( any fpecific Office under the faid Revenues)! authoring him or

*	them to make Seizures of any Ship, Veffel, Boat, Carriage, Horfes,

4 or other Cattle or Goods which may be fubjeft to Forfeiture under ‘ any Law or Laws relating to the Shipping and Navigation of this

*	Kingdom, or the faid Colonies or Plantations, or to the Revenue

*	of Cuftoms, now in force, or hereafter to be made, in like manner

*	as if fuch Perfon or Perfons held or had been appointed to a

*	fpecific Office or Offices under the faid Revenue ;* Be it therefore enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in that Part of the United Kingdom called 1England, or any Three or more of them, to grant their Deputation to any Perfon or Perfons they may think fit, in the Colonies or Plantations in America or the IVeJl Indies, which now are or hereafter may be under the Dominion of His Majefty, Hia Heirs and Succeflors (although fuch Perfon or Perfons may not hold or be appointed to any fpecific Office or Offices under the faid Revenue), authorifing him or them to make Seizures of any Ship, Veffel, Boat, Carriage, Horfes or other Cattle or Goods which may he fubjeft to Forfeiture under any Law or Laws relating to the Shipping and Navigation of this Kingdom, or the faid Colonies or Plantations, or to the Revenue of Cuftoms, now in force or hereafter to he made (although fuch Perfon or Perfons (hall not hold or be appointed to any Office or Offices of the Cuftoms at any fpecific Port or Place), and fuch Perfon or Perfons fo deputed (hall and may make Seizures in like manner as any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, and fuch Perfon or Perfons fo deputed (hall be fubjeft to the like Penalties as Officers of the Cuftoms; and all Seizures made by fuch Perfons fo deputed, (hall be fued for, profccuted and recovered by the like Means, Ways and Methods, and (hall and may be difpofed of, and the Proceeds diftributed in like manner, as any Seizure made by Officers of the Cuftoms in His Majefty’s Colonies or Plantations in America or the Wejl Indies, may by any Law now in force or hereafter to he made he fued for, profecuted, recovered and applied.

* XII. And Whereas by an Aft paffed in the Fifty fixth Year 4 of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A8 jor the maldnu 4 more effeSual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, and reward-4 officers and Perfons making Seizures and capturing Smuggling

*	Vejfets ; for licenjing Luggers employed in the North Sea Fyberji 1 and obliging Exporters of Excifeable Goods on Drawback to give 4 Notice of Shipment; it is enafted, that Security (hall be given by

*	the Owner or Owners of every Ship, Veffel or Boat for which a 4 Licence (hall be required, in Treble the Value thereof, inftead 4 of Double the Value, fuch Security to be given under the fame 4 Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Forfeitures, as 4 provided and enafted by the Laws in force on and immediately 4 before the'pafiing of the faid Aft, as far as the fame are applicable 4 thereto: And Whereas it is expedient to make Alteration as to 4 the Amount of Security to be given for Ships or Veffels which

*	(hall be fquare rigged, and the value of which (hall amount to

*	One thouland Pounds and upwardsBe it therefore enafted. That in refpeft of every Ship or Veffel (being fquare rigged) and of the Value of One tnoufand Pounds and upwards, for which a Licence (hall be required, the Owner or Owners (hall give Security

A.D. 1819.	59• GEO. III. - C. lfl.

in the Sum of Three thoufand Pounds, and not’in any greater Sum ; any thing in the faid recited Aft or any other Aft to the contrary notwithltanding, but fubjeft neverthelefs to the fame Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Forfeitilres, as are provided and required by the Laws now in force, as far as the fame are applicable thereto.

4 XIII. And Whereas by virtue of the faid recited Aft of the 4 Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, certain ‘ Proportions of the Value of Goods and Merchandise feized as 4 forfeited under any Law or Laws for the Proteftion of the Revenue 4 are direfted to be paid to the Officer or Officers as a Reward

* for feizing the fame: And Whereas it is expedient to veft in the

*	Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three

*	or more of them, the Power of withholding fuch Reward, upon 4 Proof to their Satisfaction that fuch Officer or Officers frail 4 have afted collufively or negligently in any fuch Seizure;* Be it therefore enafted. That upon Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the faid Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them, that any fuch Officer or Officers (hall have afted collufively or negligently, either in the making fuch Seizure, or in the Omiffion or . Failure to make fuch Seizure, it frail be lawful for them to direft that the whole or any part of the Officer or Officers Proportion of fuch Seizure frail be forfeited, and go and be applied in the fame manner as His Majefty’s Share of Seizures is by Law direfted to be applied.

. 4 XIV. And Whereas by an Aft paifed in the Eighth Year of 4 the Reign of His Majefty King George the Firft, intituled An A3 4 to prevent the eland fine Running of Goods, and the Danger of 4 Infection thereby; and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; 4 and to fubjed Copper Ore of the Production of Britifh Plantations 4 to fuch Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Pro-

*	dudion -are fubjed; all Boats, Wherries, Pinnaces, Barges and

*	Gallies, rowing or made-or built to row, with more than Four 4 Oars, found wifhin certain Counties and Ports therein particularly

*	mentioned, are forfeited, and the Owner or Owners, or Perfons 9 ufing the fame, are liable to the Penalty of Forty Pounds;

*	which Penalty, by a fubfequent Aft, paffed in the Fifty feventh

*	Year of His prelent Majefty*s Reign, is increafed to One hun-4 dred Pounds : And Whereas it i9 found expedient to extend the 4 Provifions of the faid Afts to other Places than thofe mentioned

* in the faid firft recited Aft ;* Be it therefore enafted, That if any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, however owned* rowing or made or built to row, with more than Four Oars, frail be found either upon the Land or the Water, within the Limits of any of the Ports of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or the Members or Creeks to them or either of them re-fpeftively belonging, fuch Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, with all her Tackle and Furniture, or the Value thereof, frail be forfeited, and frail and may be feized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms; and the Owner or Owners, and every Perfon ufing or rowing in fuch Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, ftafl alfo forfeit and lofe the Sum of One hundred rounds: Provided always, that this Aft {hall not extend or be conftrued to extend td any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley belonging to His

59 Gao. III.	Uu	Majefty

6*57

r,ootri7and upwards requiring a Licence, to give Security in 3,oocl.

56 G. 3. c.104. $ 10,

Where it appears that Officer has acted oollusively, Ac. in making Seixures, Ac. Treasury may direct his Share to be forfeited.

8 G.x. c. 18. j

S3-

Boats with more than Four Oars, found within certain Limits, forfeited.

Using them. Penalty iod.

Proviso fbar Boats, Ac. of the Royal Family, end .

6*8

. C.m, 122.

19° GEO. Ill,

A.D. 1919.

certain ethur Braa, &c.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

53 G. 3. c. 155.

$ *3*

Vessels of less registered Measurement than 35a Tons may trade between this Kingdom and New South Wales, dec.

Majefty or any of the Royal Family, or to any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley belonging to and ufed in the Service of any Merchant Ship or Veffel, or belonging to any Ship or VefTel in the Service of His Majefty5 s Navy, Vi&ualling, Ordnance, Cuftoms, Excite or Poll Office, nor to any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley whatfoever, the Owner of which lhall have a Licence from the Commiffioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in England or Scotland refpe&ively, or any Three or more of them for the time being.

XV. And be it further enadted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created and incurred by this A61 (not otherwife hereby dire&ed), lhall and may be fued for, profecuted, recovered and difpofed of in fuch Manner, and by fuch Ways, Means and Methods, as any Penalties incurred, or any Goods or Veffels forfeited, for any Offence againft the Laws of Cuftoms or Excife, may now legally be fued for, profecuted, recovered and difpofed of; and the Officer or Officers concerned in Seizures or ProfecutionB under this A61, lhall be entitled to and receive fuch Share of the Produce arifing from the Seizures as they are now by Law entitled to upon Profecutions of Seizures for unlawful Importation, and to fuch Share of the Produce arifing from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty or Composition paid for any Offence againft this Adi, as they are now by any Law or Regulation entitled to upon Profecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

CAP. CXXII.

An A£k to permit Veffels under a certain Tonnage to trade between the United Kingdom and New South Wales.

[ 12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an A61 paffed in the Fifty third Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled jin AS for cm-* tmuing in the Eaft India Company, for a further Term, the PoJfeJJims 4 of the Britilh Territories in India, together with certain excntfve 4 Privileges ; for ejlablifbing certain Regulations for*the Government of • the faid Territories, and the better Admini/lration of Ju/iice within 4 the fame ; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within 4 the Limits of the faid Company*s Charter; it was among other 4 things declared and enadled, that no Ship or Veffel, the regiftered 1 Meafurement whereof lhall be lefs than Three hundred and fifty 4 Tons, other than fuch Ships or Veffels as may be employed by * the Eafi India Company as Packets, lhall clear out from any Part 4 in the United Kingdom for any Port or Place within the Limits 4 of the faid Company’s Charter, or be admitted to Entry at any 4 Port of the United Kingdom from &ny Place within the laid 4 Limits : And Whereas it is expedient that the faid Regulation and 4 Reftri6lian lhall be repealed, fo far as relates to Ships or Veffels 4 trading between the United Kingdom and His Majefty’* Colony 4 in New South Wales Be it therefore enadled by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent af the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the paffmg of this A61 it lhall and may be lawful for any Ship or Veffel owned and navigated according to Law, to trade between any Pdrt or Place in the United Kingdom and the

faid

*9* GrEO. HI.



#s$

laid Colony and its Dependencies, and to fail and pafs to the Eaftward of the Cafe of Good Hope, although fuch Step or VtU fhall be of lefs regiftered Meafurement than Three hundred and fifty Tons ; any thing in any Law, Statute or Cuftom to the contrary in Xnywife notwithstanding.

II.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed and declared. That this A61, or any thing herein contained, (hall in no ways authorise or entitle any Ship or Veffel to fail, pafs or repafs between the Sixty fourth and One hundred and fiftieth Degrees of Eaft Longitude from London further to the Northward than the Eleventh Degree of South Latitude; and all Ships and Veffele whatfoever, failing, palling or repafling to the Northward of the Eleventh Degree of South Latitude between the Sixty fourth and One hundred and fiftieth Degrees of Eaft Longitude from London, (hall be and remain fubjeft to the fame Laws, Provifions and Reftri&ions as they would have been fubjeft to if this A61 had not been made or palled; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywife not-withftanding.

Vessels sailing to Northward of the nth Degree of South Latitude between the 64th end 150th Degree of East Longitude from London to re-

CAP. CXXIIJ.

An Aft to empower the Officers of the Cuftoms in Great Britain to allow Reports of Veflels* Cargoes to be amended * to require Goods which have been warehoused without Payment of Duties, or being prohibited, warehoused for Exportation, to be put on board Vefifels by Perfons licenfed for that Purpofe; to direft that Cocquet and Bond (hall be required for Slate and Stone carried Coaftwife j and to empower Officers of the Cuftoms to adminifter Oaths.

[I2th July 1819.]

* "TT 7 HERE AS by the Laws now in force aH Goods found on 4 W board any Ship or Veffel of which no Report hath been 4 made by the Matter, are forfeited; and the Matters of Ships or 4 Veflels are liable to certain Penalties for making falfe 'Reports of 4 the Cargoes of their Ships or Veflels : And Whereas it is ex**

4 pedient that the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, in Eng-4 land and Scotland refpe&ively, (hould be empowered in Cafes where 4 the Matters of Ships or Veflels fhall not nave made correft Re-4 ports of their Cargoes, to permit the fame to be amended;’ Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Mott Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That in all Cafes where any Goods when Goods fhall have been omitted in fuch Reports, or (hall have been wrongly omitted or Re-deferibed, or the Reports (hall be incorreft in any other refpeft, it P0*1 incorrect, fhaH and may be lawful for the Commiffionere of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, or any Four or more of them, in that Part of the United perJJt Kingdom called England\ or for the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s masters to Cuftoms, or any Three or more of them, in that Part of the United amend them. Kingdom called Scotland,, on Proof by the Oath of the Matter or °tt Pr°°f that Commander, and Mate or Purfer of the Ship or Veffel, and by the	wa>

Produ&km and Infpeftion of the original Log Book and Cargo Book of fuch Ship or Veffel for that Voyage* and Bill or Bill* of

U u 2	Lading



a i23.

39* GEO. III.

A.D.18I9.

FaIm Amend-X, Ptoalty.

CoUecton and Comptrollers may permit Shipmasters to amend their

Lading (if any) of the Goods inqueftion, and other original Documents (it any) relating thereto, to their Satisfa&ion refpedively, and that no Fraud was intended, to permit and allow, by an Order ipecifying that fuch Proof, Infpe&ion and Examination hare refpedively been made to the Satisfaction of fuch Commiflioners, the Mailers of the Ships or Vefiels to amend and make correct fuch Reports on Oath, before the proper Officer or Officers of the Cuftoms, which Oaths fuch Officer and Officers is and are hereby authorised and empowered to adminifter ; and fuch Mafters of Ships or Vefiels (hall be liable to the like Penalties, m cafe of making a falfe Amendment to their Reports, as they were for making a folic Report in the firft Inftance, to be fued for, profecuted, recovered ana difpofed of in like manner as the Penalties to which they were liable in the fir 11 Inftance.

4 II. And Whereas it is expedient that the Officers of His 4 Majefty’s Cuftoms at the feveral Outports ihould have the like 4 Power to. permit Reports to be amended in certain CafesBe it therefore further ena&ed, That the Collector and Comptroller of His Majefty’8 Cuftoms at the feveral Outports fhall have the like Power to permit and allow, by an Order made by them in like manner £8 aforefaid, the Mafter of any Ship or Veflel who fhall have made

porta, on like Pruof.

False Amendment, Penalty.

Reports at Out* falfe or incorreCt Reports of their Cargoes, to amend the fame on fuch Proof as aforeiaid, made on Oath as aforefaid before them (which Oath they are hereby refpeCtively authorised to adminifter) to their Satisfaction, and that no Fraud was intended ; and fuch Mafters of Ships or Vefiels fhall be liable to the like Penalties in cafe of making a falfe Amendment to their Reports, as they were for making a falfe Report in the firft Inftance, to be fued for, profecuted, recovered and difpofed of in like manner as the Penalties to which No Amend- -they were liable in the firft Inftance: Provided always, that no fuch “«*of Report Alteration or Amendment of any fuch Report as aforefaid fhall be MtaaTseisra a^owe<^ or made, or fhall be of any Validity or Effed, if made of Goods, or after the adual Seizure of any Goods as forfeited for not being Commence- reported as required by Law, or after the adual Commencement ment of Prose- of any Profecution. againft the Mafter or Commander of any Ship cuti®" kfj”11 or Veflel, for any Penalty incurred by reafon of any Goods imported mentioned. or brought by fuch Ship or Veflel into Great Britain, not being included and deferibed in the original Report of the Cargo of fuch Ship or Veflel, or not being duly landed according to fuch Report; any thing herein, or in any other Ad or Ads of Parliament, to the contrary notwithftanding.

4 III. And Whereas by an Ad pafled in the Twenty fixth Ye^r 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for rcgm~ 4 luting the ProduSion of Manifejlt; and for more ejfcQuallj preventing 4 fraudulent Proffices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and m the 4 clandedine relanding of Goods, certain Provifions are made that no 4 Goods entitled' to either Drawback, Bounty or Premium, fhall 4 be cajrried or put on board any Ship or Veflel whatever for Ex-4 portation to Foreign Parts by any Perfon or Perfons whatfoever 4 (except the proper Officers of tne Revenue), other than fuch 4 rerfon or Perfons as fhall be authorifed for that Purpofe by the *. Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, or any Four or more of 4 them : And Whereas it, is expedient to extend the like Provifions * with refped to Goods whicn have been (Secured in Warehoufet

4 without

26 G. 3. c.40. fso.

A.D. 1819.

59® GEO. III.

C. 123.

&r

*	without Payment of Duties, and to Goods which are prohibited

*	to be worn or ufed in this Country, and alfo fecured in >W arehoufes

*	according to Law;’ Be it enafted, That no Goods whatever No wareh oused which (hall have been fecured in Warehoufes without Payment of w prohibited Duty, nor any Goods whatever which are prohibited to be ufed or

worn in Great Britain, and {hall have been carried and put into Exportation, Warehoufes approved of by the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s unless by JPbr-‘ Cuftoms according to Law, (hall be carried or put on board any sons licensed by Ship or Veffel whatever, from fuch Warehoufe, for Exportation Commissioners to Foreign Parts, by any Perfon or Perfons whatever (except the proper Officers of the Revenue), other than fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be authorifed for that Purpofe by Licence under the Hands of the Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms or any Four or more of them for the time being, who are hereby authorifed to grant the fame, and to require (uch Security as they may deem neceflary, by Bond or otherwife, to be given by the Perfon or Perfons to whom they (hall grant fuch Licence, for the aftual Delivery of the whole of the Goods on board fuch Ship or Veflel to the Officers of the Revenue (Rationed on board, and for the faithful and incorrupt Proceeding in every refpeft of fuch Perfon or Perfons in regard to fuch Goods; which faid Perfons fo to be Persons fi-licenfed as aforefaid (hall and are hereby required, upon conveying censed to give any Goods on board any Ship or Veflel, to give clear and full	©*

Information thereof in Writing to the Matter or other Perfon then Goods?"* in charge of fuch Ship or Veflel, for the better enabling the Matter to give Notice as required by the before recited Aft, previous to his clearing out with any fuch Goods as aforefaid; which Licence, when granted by the Commiflioners of the Cuftoms, (hall not be withdrawn by them, or the Operation under the fame in any manner hindered, obftrufted or prevented, unlefs either the Perfon or Perfons to whom fuch Licence (hall have been granted, or fome other Perfon or Perfons employed by them, and with his or their Privity or Confent, (hall commit fome Aft againft any Law now made or Jn what Cate hereafter to be made to fecure the Revenue of Cuftoms or Ex rife, Licence with-and (hall be cogvifted thereof, in which Cafe the faid Commiflioners dr*wn*

(hall and are hereby authorifed and required to withdraw fuch Licence.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the Com- To whom such, miffioners of His Majefty’s Cuftoms (hall and are hereby required to ^ccnc^J?lay grant fuch Licence as aforefaid to all and every Perfon and Perfons

who is or are now by Law entitled to carry or put on board fuch ^ Goods, and who (hall give fuch Security as the faid Commiflioners, or any Four or more of them, (hall deem neceflary, and to no other Perfon or Perfons whatever.

V.	And be it further enafted, That if any Goods entitled to Shipping such either Drawback, Bounty or Premium, or any Goods which (hall

have been fecured in Warehoufes without Payment of Duty, or horned Per-'

any Goods which are prohibited to be ufed or worn in Great

Britain, and which (hall have been carried and put into Warehoufes

approved of by the Commiflioners of Cuftoms according to Law*

fhall be carried to or put on board any Ship or Veflel for Export

ation to Foreign Parts, by any Perfon or Perfons (except the proper

Officers of the Revenue), other than fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall	.

have been fo licenfcd as required by the afore recited Aft and this

U u 3	prefent

C. 123,

M* GEO. IIL

A.D.1819.

56*

Pmaaky look and Forfeiture of tfaa Drawback, kt.

34 G. 3* «• ji.

58.

3» G.3. C.5C.

34 G. 3. e,su 5 8. repealed.

Such Articles Bulged to

ja G. 3* c. jo.

Comptroller or Surveyor of

frefent Aft, then and in fuch Cafe the Drawback, Bounty or 'remium (hall be forfeited and loft ; and the Exporter, Shipper, and every Perfon who fhall carry to or put on board any Ship or Veflel bound to Foreign Part® any of the before mentioned Goods, (hall feverally forfeit for every fuch Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and the fame (hall and may be fued for, profecuted and recovered in fuch Manner, and by fuch Ways, Means and Methods, as any Penalties incurred for any Offence againft the Laws of Cuf-toms may now legally be fu^d for, profecuted and recovered, one Moiety whereof (hall be to His Majefty, His Heirs or Succefibrs, and the other Moiety to him or them who (hall inform or fue for the fame.

4 VI. And Whereas by an Aft Daffed in the Thirty fourth Year • of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for granting 4 to His MajeJly certain Duties of Cujloms on Slate, Stone and Marble, * it is enafted, that nothing in that Aft (hall extend or be conftrued 4 to extend to require the Matter of any Veffel in or on board of 4 which any Slate or Stone (hall be (hipped, to be carried Coaftwife 4 by Sea from any Port or Place within this Kingdom, to any other 4 Port or Place within the fame, or the Owners or Shippers of any 4 fuch Slate or Stune, to give any Bond for the due Landing thereof, 4 or to take out any Cocket or other Document on account thereof, 4 except fuch Sufferance, Warrant, Permit or Tranlire as was 4 required by Law for the (hipping or carrying Coaftwife of the 4 like Goods at and immediately before the patting of that A ft, 4 any Law, Cuftom or Ufage to the contrary notwithftanding : And 4 Whereas it is expedient that Slate and Stone carried Coaftwife 4 (hould be fubjeft to the like Rules, Regulations and Provifions, 4 as other Goods liable to Duty on being carried Coaftwife are by 4 an Aft patted in the Thirty fecond Year of His faid Majelly’s 4 Reign, intituled An Ad for the Relief of the Coafl Trade of Great 4 Britain; for exempting certain CoaR Documents from Stamp Duties; 4 for aboli/bing the Bond ufually called The Ifle of Man Bond; and 4 for permitting Com and Grain brought Coqflwtfe to be tran/bipped into 4 Lighters, for the purpofl of being carried through the Canal from the 4 Forth to the ClydeBe it enafted, That fo mufih of the before mentioned Aft paffed in the Thirty fourth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign as is before recited, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed ; and all Slate and Stone to be carried Coaftwife lhall be fubjeft to the like Rules, Regulations and Provifions, as other Goods liable to Duty are by the aforefaid Aft paffed in the Thirty fecond Year of His JTaid Majefty’s Reign.

4 VII. And Whereas by the Laws now in force, certain Officers 4 of His Maiefty’s Cuftoms are empowered to adminifter Oaths in 4 certain Cafes: And Whereas many Cafes occur where Proof on 4 Oath is direfted by Law to be taken, but the Law has not 4 preferibed by whom it (hall be adminiftered: And Whereas it 4 would tend much to the Difpatch of Bufmefs, as well as to 4 Uniformity in the Conduft thereof, if certain Officers of His 4 Majefty’s Cuftoms were empowered, in all Cafes wherein the 4 Revenue of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, or the Trade or Navigation of 4 this Kingdom is concerned, to adminifter OathsBe it there* fore enafted, That in all Cafes wherein Proof is required by any Law now in force, or hereafter to be made, or are or (hall he

ncceflary

GEO. in.

005 *

C. 123, If4.

neceflary for the Satisfaction or Confideration of the Commiflioners of His Majefty *s Cultoms in any Matter relating to the Revenue, or to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, the fame may be made before the Colledor inwards and outwards, the Comptroller or Surveyor of His Majefty’s Cuftoms in the Port of London, or in cafe of their Abfence, tne Perfons ading for them refpedively, or the Collector or Comptroller of His Majefty’s Cuftoms at any other Port in this Kingdom, or in cafe of their Abfence, the Perfons ading for them refpedively, who are hereby autHorifed and empowered to adminiJter the fame.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall extend to alter any former Ad or Ads whereby any particular Fads are required to be proved on Oath before any particular Officers, but that the fame (hall be and remain in force.

CAP. CXXIV.

An AQ. for amending an A£t made in the Forty third Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for regulating the VefTels carrying Paflengers from the United Kingdom to His Majefty’s Plantations and Settlements Abroad, or to Foreign Parts, with refpeft to the Number of fuch Paf-fengers, and for making further Provifion for that Purpofe.

[lath July 1819.]

4 TT7 HEREAS an Ad was parted in the Forty third Year of 4 VV His prefent Majefty, intituled jin A9 for regulating the

*	Vejfels carrying Pajfengcrs from the United Kingdom to Hie Ma-4 jifly** Plantations and Settlements Abroad, or to Foreign Parts9 with

*	refteS to the Number of fuch Paffengers: And Whereas it is ex-

*	pedient that	the faid Ad, fo far as relates, to	the Qualification

*	of	Surgeons	failing with certain Veflels therein	deferibed, (hould

*	be	^mended,	fo as to entitle Surgeons examined	at the Univerfity

4	of	Glafgow	to be Surgeons ot fuch Veffels :*	Be it therefore

enaded by The King’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That from and after the parting of this Ad no fuch Ship or Veflel as is in the faid Ad deferibed, carrying Fifty Perfons or upwards, including the Crew, (hall be cleared out unlefs fuch Ship or Veflel (hall be provided with a Surgeon, who (hall produce to the Officer of the Cuftoms required to give the Clearance or Sufferance a Certificate of his having parted his Examination at Surgeons Hall in London, or at the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh or Dublin, or before the Medical Faculty of the Univerfity of Glafgow.

II. And be it further enaded, That all and every the Powers, Dire&ions, Provifions, Regulations, Forfeitures and Penalties contained in the faid recited Ad, (hall continue and be in full Force and Effed, and (hall apply to this Ad, as if all fuch Powers, Diredions, Provifions, Regulations, Forfeitures and Penalties were herein repeated and re-enaded.

Custom* in London, and Collector and Comptroller in other Ports, empowered to administer Oaths.

Proviso for Acts requiring Proof on Oath, be. fore particular Officers.

43 G. 3. «. 36.

No such Vessel carrying Fifty Persoas or up-wards cleared, unless provided with a Surgeon, &c.

Powers of. recited Act extended to this Act

U u 4

CAP.

664

C. 125.

59* GEO. III.

A.D.181S.

54 G. 3. c. 36.

"5 x8.

53 G.3.«. 155.

43 <L 3* c. 13a.

Cotton Wool, Saltpetre, Sugar and Rice imported from

CAP. CXXV.

An Aft to admit certain Goods imported from the Eaft Indies to Entry and Payment of Duty without being ware-houfed; and to permit the Exportation of certain Eajl India Goods to Guernfey and Jerfey, and the Removal of certain Eajl India Goods to Liverpool, Lancafer, Briftol, and Glafgow, for Exportation.	[lath July 1819.3

YT7HEREAS by an Aft paffed in the Fifty fourth Year of W the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intitulea An A3 to repeal the Duties of Cujloms payable on Goods, Wares and Mercbandsfe imported into Great Britain from any Port or Place •within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to ejlablifb further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods fo imported; and to alter the Periods of making up and prefenting certain Accounts of the faid Company to Parliament; to continue in force until the Tenth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen; it is enafted, that all Goods, Wares and Merchandife imported from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the faid United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, into any of thofe Ports in Great Britain (except the Port of London) which (hall have been or may be declared fit and proper for the purpofe of fuch Importations under the Rules, Regulations and Provifions of an Aft paffed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His faid Majefty, intituled An A3 for continuing in the Eaft India Company for a further Term the Pojfejfton of the Britifh Territories in India, together •with certain exclujtve Privileges ; for eflablifbing further Regulations for the Government of the faid Territories, and the better Admimfiration of Juflice within the fame ; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the faid Company's Charter, either by the faid United Company, or by any Perfon or Perfons fo trading under the Authority of the faid recited Afts, {hall be lodged and fecured in Warehoufes approved by the Commiifioners of the Cuftoms in England or Scotland reipeftively, or any Three or more of them for the time being, fubjeft to all the Rules, Regulations, Securities and Provifions direfted and required by an Aft paffed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be fecured in Warehoufe without Payment of Dutyf or by any other Aft or Afts of Parliament made for amending or explaining the faid Aft, in force on or immediately before the Tenth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen; And Whereas it may be expedient to permit certain Articles to be entered, and the Duty to be paid, and to be landed and delivered, without being warehoufed as required by the faid recited Aft ;* Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That Cotton Wool, Saltpetre, Sugar and Rice imported from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the LTnited Company of Merchants of England

trading

593 GEO. III.

C 125.

665

trading to the Eajl Indies, into any Port of that Part of the United East Indite, Kingdom called Great Britain, which either has been or may here-after be declared fit and proper for the Depofit and Safe Cuftody of Goods imported under the Regulations ox the faid Aft palled in without bong the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, in the wnehoussd. manner prefcribed in the faid Aft, may be admitted to Entry, and the Duties paid, and landed and delivered, without being warehoufed as required by the afore recited Afts : Provided always, that fuch Proviso.

Goods (hall be liable to all the Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures to which Goods not entitled to be warehoufed are fubjeft by any Law now in force.

* II. And Whereas by an Aft paffed in the Thirty ninth Year 39 G.3. e.59.

*	of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for per*

4 mitting certain Eaft India Goods to be warehoufed, and for repeah 4 ing the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu

4 thereof, no Goods, Wares or Merchandife, the Growth, Pro- §4*

*	duftion or Manufafture of the Eajl Indies, fecured in Warehoufes

*	under the Regulations of that Aft, are allowed to be exported 4 from thence to the I (lands of Guemfey or Jerjey, and upon the

*	lawful Exportation thereof are required to be (hipped direftly from

*	fuch Warehoufes: And Whereas it is expedient to permit Eaft

*	India Goods, of the Defcription hereafter mentioned, to be exported 4 to the faid Iflands of Guemfey and Jerfey, and to allow the Removal

*	of the faid Goods, and alfo of certain other Eajl India Goods

*	hereinafter mentioned, from the Port of London to the Out Ports,

4 for the Convenience of Exportation Be it'therefore enafted,

That it (hall and may be lawful for the Proprietor or Proprietors or East India

Exporter or Exporters of any Eajl India White and prohibited Whit* and pro-

Goods, not of a higher Value than One Shilling and Sixpence	Good*

per Yard, to export fuch Goods to the Iflands of Guemfey or Jerfey	than^

direft from the Warehoufes wherein the fame may have been fecured Igt fa ^

on the Importation thereof, any thing in the faid recited Aft of the Yard, may be

Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty to the exported to

contrary thereof notwithftanding ; provided that fuch Proprietor or Guernsey or

Proprietors or Exporter or Exporters (hall, before any fuch Goods Jersey*

are delivered or taken from the Warehoufes, make a due Entry

thereof with the proper Officer or Officers of His Majefty’s Cuftoms, gnd

and (hall, together with the Mafter or other Perfon having or taking Bond entered

the Charge or Command of the Ship or Veffel in which iuch Goods into for due. >

are intended to be exported, and One other fufficient Surety, to be Exportation.

approved of by the Colleftor and Comptroller of the Cuftoms at the

Port of Exportation, enter into Bond to His Majefty, His Heirs

and Succefiors, in Treble the Value thereof, with Condition that the

faid Goods fo intended to be exported (hall be landed at the Port

or Place for which the fame (hall have been entered, and that no Part

of the fame (hall be relanded in Great Britain, or landed in the

Iftands of Alderney, Sark or Man, or the I (land of Faro or Ferro;

which Bond (hall and. may be difcharged in the manner hereinafter How such

mentioned, that is to fay, upon a Certificate under the Hand and ®°nd di»-

Seal of the Governor or Lieutenant Governor and of the principal

Officer of the Cuftoms of the faid Iilands refpeftively, within the

Space of Six Months from the Date of the laid Bond, teftifying

that the faid Goods and every Part thereof were there landed ; ox;

fuch Bond may alfo be difcharged upon Proof made, to the Satis-

faftioa

59s GEO* III.

A.D. 1819.

CouuntMionere of the Customs may permit Removal of such Goods by Land Carriage to Port of Southampton;

and may permit Removal of certain Goods for Exportation to America, &c. to Ports of Liverpool, &c.

SS G. 3* e. 134*

s*

faftion of the Commiffioners in England and Scotland refpeftively, that fuch Goods were taken by Enemies or perifhed in the Seas. “

III.	And be it further enafted, That if the Proprietor or Proprietors or Purchafer or Purchafers of any fuch White and prohibited Goods, (hall be defirous of removing the fame from the Warehouses by Land Carriage to the Port of Southampton, for the purpofe of being (hipped and exported from that Port to the faid Iflands of Gucrnfey or Jerfey, it (hall be lawful for the CommiflioRers of the Cuftoms for the time being, or any Four or more of them, to grant Permiflion for the Removal of -the laid Goods accordingly, under the like Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Securities, as are now by Law required upon the Removal of certain Eajl India prohibited Goods from one Port of Great Britain to another, to be from thence exported to Africa.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, or any Four or more of them, to permit the Removal from the Port of London of any prohibited Ea/t India Goods, or any coarfe Eajl India Piece Goods not being prohibited, and not of a higher Value than One Shilling and Sixpence per Yard, intended for Exportation to America and its Dependencies, the Wed Indies or Africa, by Sea, Land Carriage or Inland Navigation, to the Ports of Liverpool, Lanccfler, Briflol or Glafgow refpeftively, for the purpofe of being exported from thence ; the faid Goods, upon fuch Removals refpeftively, being fubjeft to the like Rules, Regulations, Reftriftions and Securities, as are now by Law required for certain Eajl India prohibited Goods, when removed from one Port of Great Britain to another, to be from thence exported to Africa.

CAP. CXXVI.

An AEt for requiring the like Proof, to obtain Drawback of Duty on Coals ufed or confumed in calcining or fmelting Tin, Copper or Lead Ores in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, as is required on Coals ufed in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead, in the faid Counties. [13th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Aft pafled in the Fifty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for allowing 4 a Drawback of the Duty on Coals confumed in Lead Mines in Corn-4 wall, it is enafted, that previoufly to any Drawback being paid 4 upon Coals ufed or confumed in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead 4 in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, Proof (hall be made on 4 Oath by the Proprietor or managing Owner of the Mine before 4 the Colleftor or Comptroller of the Cuftoms at the Port where the 4 Drawback (hall be paid, that he verily believes the Duties upon 4 the faid Coals liave been aftually paid, and that the faid Coals were 4 bond fide confumed in the faid Mines, and that no Part of the fame 4 has been or (hall be ufed or fold for domeftic Purpofes, or as Culm 4 for burning Lime, or for any other Purpofes not contemplated by 4 Law: And Whereas it is expedient that the like Proof fhould 4 be required previoudy to any Drawback being allowed on Coals • which (hall be ufed or confumed for calcining or fmelting Tin, 4 Copper or Lead Ores within the Counties of Devon and Cornwall f Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

667

poral, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen, previoufly to any Drawback being paid upon Coals ]|ufed or confumed for calcining or fmelting Tin, Copper or Lead Ores within the Counties of Devon and Cornwally the like Proof (hall be made on Oath (which Oath the Collector or Comptroller of the Cuftoms at the Port where the Drawback (hall be paid is hereby authorifed and required to ad-minifter) as is required by the faid recited A6k on Coals confumed in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall.

CAP. CXXVII.

An AQt for making Provifion for the better Care of Pauper Lunatics in England.	[12th July 1819.]

*	TT7HEREAS it is expedient that further Provifion fiiould be

*	VV made for the Care of Pauper Lunatics in England, who

*	may be chargeable to any Parifh Be it therefore enalted by The King’s Moil Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That upon its being made known to Two or more Juftices of the Peace of any County, that a poor Perfon chargeable to any Pariih or Place within any of the faid Counties is deemed or taken to be lunatic or infane, or a mifchievous Idiot, it (hall be lawful for the faid Juilices, by an Order under their Hands and Seals, if they (hall fo think fit, to require the Overfeers of the Poor of the faid Parifh or Place to bring the faid poor Perfon before them, or fome other Juftices of the Peace of the faid County, at fuch Time and Place as fhall be appointed by the faid Order 5 and the faid Two Juftices are hereby authorifed to call to their Affiftance a Medical Perfon, at the Charge of the faid Parifh or Place ; and if upon View and Examination of the faid poor Perfon, or from other Proof, the faid Juftices fhall be fatisfied that fuch poor Perfon is lunatic, infane or a mifchievous Idiot, it fhall be lawful for the fafid Two Juftices, by an Order under their Hands and Seals, directed to the faid Overfeers of the Poor, according to the Form in the Schedule (A.) annexed to this A&, to caufe the faid poor Perfon to be conveyed to and placed in fome Lunatic Afylum, in all Cafes where fuch Afylum mail have been eftablifhed under the Dire6tions of an A61 palled in the Forty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics being Paufers or Criminals in England, for the County or Diftridt of United Counties within which the Parifh or Place to which fuch poor Perfon belongs fhall be iituated ; but if no fuch Lunatic Afylum fhall have been eftablifhed, fuch Juftices fhall then direct fuch poor Perfon to be conveyed to and placed in fome Houfe duly licenfed for the Reception of infane Perfons ; and it fhall be lawful for the faid Two Juftices, or for any other Two Juftices of the Peace a6ling in the Divifion of the faid County wherein the faid Parifh or Place is fituated, from time to time, as occafion may require, to make order on the Overfeers of fuch Parifh or Place for the Payment of all reafonable Charges of conveying fuch poor Perfon to fuch Lunatic Afylum or licenied Houfe, and if fuch poor Perfon fhall be conveyed to a

Lunatic

Before Drawback paid <m Coala used in smelting Tin, &c. like Proof bad as for Coals consumed in Mines of Tin, &&

In Cases where insane Persons are chargeable to Parish, Two Justices calling in to their Assistance a Medical Person may direct Overseers to convey them tQ some licensed House for Lunatics.

48 6.3. c. 96.

If no Lunatic Asylum, to House duly licensed for ia-sane Persons.

66#

<1187.

GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Regulations m to Payment of Charges.

Overseers not to remove such poor Person without an * Order of Two Justices.

public Act

Lunatic Afylum, for the Payment of fuch Weekly Sum to the Trea* furer of fuch Afylum, as (hall be from time to time fixed upon by the Vifiting Juftices of fuch Afylum under the Authority of the faid recited Ad, or if fuch poor Perfon (hall be conveyed to fuch licenfed Houfe, for the Payment of fuch Weekly or Monthly Sum to the Keeper of fuch licenfed Houfe for the Maintenance, Medicine, Clothing and Care of fuch poor Perfon as fuch Keeper (hall be willing to accept, and as (hall appear to the faid Juftices to be a rea-fonable Charge in that behalf; and the faid Overfeers of the Poor (hall not remove fuch poor Perfon from the faid Houfe without an Order for that Purpofe; made by Two Juftices of the Peace for the County, after due Inquiry into the Cir cum fiances of the Cafe, unlefs fuch Perfon (hall have been difcharged as cured: Provided always, that the Overfeer or Overfeers of fuch Pari(h or Place fo conveying fuch infane Perfon to fuch Afylum or licenfed Houfe as afore-faid, (hall and is hereby required to deliver a Certificate from the Medical Perfon fo called to the Afiifiance of the Juftices as aforefaid (which Certificate fuch Medical Perfon is hereby required to give, according to the Form in Schedule (B.) annexed to this A& to the Keeper of fuch Afylum or licenfed Houfe).

II. And be it further ena&ed, That this A& (hall be deemed

and taken to be a Public A&, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and other Perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

Overseers ne- III. And be it further ena&ed, That if any Overfeer of the Poor glectmg to give 0f j^y Pari(h or Place to which any Lunatic or infane Perfon (hall Justice M*to 40 ^ ch^g^ble (hall, for the Space of Seven Days, wilfully negled State of	or delay to give Information of the State of fuch Perfon to (Lome

Lunatic.	Juftice	of the Peace adting within the Divifion of the County within

which the faid Pari(h or Place is fituate, he (hall for every fuch +***?•	Offence	forfeit and pay a Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds

nor lef8 than Forty Snillings (Half to the Informer and Half to the Poor of the faid Parilh or Place), to be recovered by Diffrefs and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Juftices of the Peace for the County within which fuch Parirn or Place is fituate.

SCHEDULE (A.)

FORM OF WARRANT.

"^yHEREAS it appears to us. Two of His Majefty's Juftices of the Peace for the County of	having called to our

Affiftance A. B. a Medical Perfon, that C. D. chargeable to the Parifti of 7. in the faid County, is [lunatic, infane or a dangerous Idiot, as the cafe may be'] you are hereby dire&ed to caufe the faid C. D. to be conveyed to the Lunatic Afyium at E. eft ablifted under an A£k palled in the Forty eighth Year of George the Third, intituled An A8 for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics hang Paupers or Criminals in England, in order that proper means may be there ufed for the Cure of the faid C. D.; and you are hereby ordered to pay to the Treafurer of the faid Afylum fuch Weekly Sum for the Maintenance and Care of the faid C. D. as (hall be from time to time fixed upon by the Vifiting Jufticts of the faid Afylum, under the Authority of the faid Aft ; or to the Houfe of E. F.

12	fituate

A>D,18ja.	S&>	GEO.	III.	C.	127,12B«	669

fituate at G. in the County of AT., the faid Houfe being a Houfe duly Iicenfed for the Reception of Lunatics ; and you are hereby ordered to pay to the faid E. F. the [Weekly or Monthly] Sum of

for the Maintenance, Medicine, Clothing and Care of the faid C* Dwhich Sum the faid E. F. is willing to accept, and which appears to us to be a reafonable Charge in that behalf.

Given under our Hands and Seals, this	Day	of	»

L.M.

N. 0.

To the Overfeers of the Poor of the Parifh of /.

SCHEDULE (B.)

. FORM OF CERTIFICATE.

T DO hereby certify, That by the Direftions of L. M. and N. 0.

Efquijps, Juftices of the Peace for the County of H.j I have per-fonally examined C. D. and that the faid C. D. appears to me to be of inlane Mind.

Dated this	-Day	of

A. B» (Phyiician, Surgeon or Apothecary, as the cafe may be) refiderit at R.

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Aft for the further Proteftion and Encouragement of Friendly Societies, and for preventing Frauds and Abufe9 therein.	[I2th	July	1819.]

*	TT7HEREAS the habitual Reliance of poor Perfons upon ‘ W Parochial Relief, rather than upon their own Induftry, tends 4 to the Moral Deterioration of the People, and to the Accumulation

*	of heavy Burthen's upon Parifhes; and it is defirable, with a View

*	as well to the Reduftion of the Affelfments made for the Relief ‘ of the Poor, as to the Improvement of the Habits of the People,

4 that Encouragement Ihould be afforded to Perfons defirous of making

*	Provifion for themfelves or their Families out of the Fruits of their

*	own Induftiy: And Whereas by the Contribution of the Savings 4 of many Perfons to one Common Fund, the moll effeftual Provifion 4 may be made for the Cafualties affe&ing all the Contributors; and

*	it is therefore defirable to afford further facilities and additional 4 Security to Perfons who may be willing to unite in appropriating

*	fmall Sum8 from time to time to the Formation of a Common Fund,

4 for the Purpofes aforefaid; and it is defirable to proteft fuch Per-4 Tons againft the Effefts of Fraud or Miscalculation : And Whereas

4 an Aft palTed in the Thirty third Year of His Majeftv’s Reign, 33 6.3. c.54.

4 intituled An Ad for the Encouragement and ReTtef of Friendly Societies :

4 And Whereas another Aft pafied in the Thirty fifth Year of His 35 G. 3. c> 11 r. 4 Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for more eJfcBually carrying into 4 -Execution an Ad made m the Thirty third Tear of the Reign of Hit.

4 prefent Majejly, intituled * An A3 for the Encouragement and Relief 4 erf Friendly Societies,* and for extending fo much of the Powers thereof 4 east relates to the framing Rules and Regulations for the better Manage*

* meat

SO0 GEO. III.

A.D. 1816.

43 O. 3. c. Hi.

49 0.3. c. 125.

Future Societies not to have the Benefit of former Acts, unless constituted according to this Act

Rules and Tables of Friendly Societies to be confirmed at General Quarter Sessions.

Rules and Tables to be enrolled according to 33 G. 3,€.54.

ment of the Funds of fucb Societies, and the Appointment of Treafurers to other Inftitutions of a charitable Nature: And Whereas another A61 pafled in the rorty third Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS for enabling Friendly Societies intended to be efiabTifhed under an AS paffed mtheThirty third Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majejly, to reSify Mflakes made in the Regtjlry of their Rules : And Whereas another A 61 pafled in the Forty ninth Year of His Majefty’s Reign, intituled An AS to amend an AS made in the Thirty third Tear of His prefent Majejly, for the Encouragement and RcTief of Friendly Societies: And Whereas the Provifions of thofe Ads hare been found inefficient for their Purpofee, and great Abufes have prevailed in many Societies eftabliihed under the Authority of fiich A6ls ;* Be it therefore ena&ed by The King’s Moll Excellent Majefly, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That no Society hereafter to be formed in England or Wales, or the Members thereof, ihall be entitled to the Benefits, or fubje6l to the Provifions of the faid A6ts, unleft fuch Society flijfll have been conftituted under the Authority and according to the Provifions of this A61.

II.	And be it further ena6ted, That when any Number of Perfons in England or Wales (hall intend to form, under the Authority of this Ad, a Friendly Society or Inftitution, whereby it is intended to provide by Contribution, on the Principle of mutual Infurance, for the Maintenance or Afliftance of the Contributors thereto, their Wives or Children, in Sicknefs, Infancy, advanced Age, Widowhood, or any other natural State or Contingency, whereof the Occurrence is fufceptible of Calculation by way of Average, R (hall be lawful for fuch rerfons to make Application by Memorial figned as hereinafter mentioned to the Juft ices aflembled at the General Quarter Seflions of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, in and for the County, Riding or Place of feparate Jurifdi6Hon, wherein fuch Society is about to be eftabliflied, for a Confirmation and Approval of the Rules of fuch intended Inftitution, and of the Tables of Payments and Allowances to be adopted therein ; and that if fuch Juftices, or any Committee by them appointed, confuting of not lefs than Three Juftices (of whom Two (hall be a Quorum) (hall, after due Examination thereof, be fatisfied that the Contingencies for which it is intended to provide, whether fpecifically named in this A6t or not, are fuch as according to the true Meaning and Intent of this A6t are fit to be provided for by fuch Society, and (hall deem the Rules and Tables of fuch Society, either in the Form in which they (hall have been originally exhibited, or with fuch Omiflions, Additions or Alterations as may be made therein by the faid Juftices, with the Confent of the Perlons propofine to be Truftees of fuch Society, to be fit and proper, and (hall be fatisfied that the Formation of fuch Society will be ufeful and beneficial. Regard being had to the Exiftence of any other Society already formed under wholefome Rules within the lame Diftri6l for the like Purpofes 5 the faid Rules and Tables fo confirmed or amended, fhall be depofited and enrolled according to the Provifions of the faid firft mentioned Ad, and a Copy thereof, authenticated by the Signature of Two ot more Juftices, mall be delivered to the Truftees of fuch Society, and (hall thenceforward become the Rules of fuch Society,

10

A. D. 1819,

59° GEO. III.

C. 128.

671

and fhall be binding on all Parties concerned : Provided always, that fuch Juft ices (hall not confirm and allow any Tables of Payments or Benefits, or any Rules dependent upon or connected with the Calculation thereof, until it fhall have been made appear to fuch Juftices, that the faid Tables and Rules are fuch as have been approved by two PerfoDS at the leaft, known to be profeffional A&uaries or Perfons (killed in Calculation, as fit and proper, according to the mod correct Calculation of which the Nature of the Cafe will admit.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the Juftices affembled at the General Quarter Seflions of the Peace for any County or Riding in England or Wales, from time to time to make and publifh fuch general Rules for the Formation 'and Government of Friendly Societies or Inftitutions under the Authority of this A&, as to fuch Juftices may appear fit, and to require that the Rules of all Societies thereafter eftablifhed within fuch County or Riding fhall be made conformable to fuch general Rules ; and it fhall alfo be lawful for fuch Juftices to declare, that the Rules pro-pofed for the Formation of fuch Friendly Societies or Inftitutions which fhall be made conformable to fuch general Rules, may be exhibited to and confirmed by any two or more Juftices holding Petty Seffions within the Diviiion wherein any fuch Society is to be eftablifhed; and in fuch Cafe, and fubje& always to the Dire&ion of fuch general Rules publifhed as aforefaid, fuch Juftices in Petty Seffions fhall have the like Powers, and their Proceedings fhall be fubje& to the like Provifions, in regard to the Formation of Friendly Societies, as are by this and the former Ads eftablifhed in refped of the Juftices afTembled in General or Quarter Seffions.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed. That every Memorial prefented to the Juftices as aforefaid, fhall fet forth the Names, Refidence and Occupation of Three Perfons at the leaft, of whom the Majority fhall be fubftantial Houfeholders affeffed to the Relief of the Poor upon a Sum not lefs than Fifty Pounds, which Perfons fhall be Truftees of fuch Society or Inftitutioo ; and the Signature of fuch intended Truftees fhall be affixed to fuch Memorial; and fuch Society fhall from time to time, in fuch manner as may have been prefcribed by the Rules thereof, jele& other Perfons duly qualified as aforefaid, to fill fuch Vacancies as may occur among fuch Truftees ; and in cafe fuch Vacancy fhall continue for more than Three Months, fo as to reduce the Number of Truftees below the Number of Three#* it fhall be lawful for the remaining Truftees to nominate one other fit Perfon to be the Third Truftee : Provided always, that no Truftee fhall be removed from his Office without his own Confent, except with the Approbation of Two or more Juftices in Petty Seffion affembled.

V.	And be it further ena&ed. That when and as often as the Truftees and Perfons having under the Rules of any fuch Society the M anagement thereof, fhall be defirous of making any Alteration in or Addition to the Rules and Tables allowed ana depofited as afore* faid, it fhall be lawful for them to make further Application by Memorial to the Juftices in General or Petty Seffions as aforefaia, fuch Memorial being figned by the Truftees or the major Part ^hereof, and fuch Application fhall be dealt with by the-faid Juftices according to the Provifions hereinbefore contained with refpc& to the .Allowance or Alteration of the Rules Mid Tables propofed at the

firft

Proviso as to confirming Tables of Payments and Benefits.

Quarter Sessions may publish general Rules for the Formation and Government of such Societies, and Petty Sessions may act thereon.

Appointment of Trustees.

Alteration of Rules.

MCBIMltt w

«72

59* GEO. III.

C.128.

A. D. 1819.

Treasurer and other Officers.

Exemption from. Stamp Duties.

Property of Societies Tested in Trustees.

Who may bring and defend Actions.

Such Actions not to abate by Death or Unmoral of Trustee.

Restrictions upon Dissolution of Society and upon Dirision of Funds.

firft Eftablifoment of fuch Society, in as far as the fame arc applicable thereto.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Truftees of each fuch Society -foall appoint One fit Perfon or more to be Treafurer or Treafurers of fuch Society ; and foall require from fuch Treafurer or Treafurers fuch Securities as the faid Truftees may from time to time deem neceffary and proper ; and no Bond or other^Security to be given to or on account of any fuch Society, or in purfuance of this A&, foall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all Monies, Goods, Chattels and Effe&s whatever, and all Securities for Money or other obligatory Inftruments and Evidences or Muniments, and all other Effe&s whatever, and all Rights or Claims belonging to or had by fuch Inftitution, foall be veiled in the Truftee or Truftees of fuch inftitution for the time being, for the Ufe and Benefit of fuch Inftitution and the refpe&ive Depofitors therein, their refpe&ive Executors or Admi-niftrators, according to their refpe&ive Claims and InterefU ; and after the Death or Removal of any Truftee or Truftees, foall veil in the fucceeding Truftee or Truftees for the faipe Eftate and Intereft as the former Truftee or Truftees had therein, and fubje& to the fame Trulls, without any Aflignment or Conveyance whatever, except the Transfer of Stocks and Securities in the Public Funds of Great Britain ; and alfo (hall, for all Purpofes of A&ion or Suit, as well Criminal as Civil, in Law or in Equity, in any wife touching or concerning the fame, be deemed and taken to be, and foall in every fuch Proceeding (where neceffary) be ftated to be the Property of the Perfon or Perfons appointed to the Office of Truftee or Truftees of fuch Inftitution for the time being, in his, her or their proper Name or Names, without further Defcription ; and fuch Perfon or Perfons foall and they are hereby refpe&ively authorised to bring or defend, or caufe to be brought or defended, any A&ion, Suit or Profecution, Criminal as well as Civil, m Law or Equity, touching or concerning the Property, Right or Claim aforefaid, of or belonging to or had by fuch Inftitution; and fuch Perfon or Perfons fo appointed foall and may in all Cafes concerning the Property, Right or Claim aforefaid of fuch Inftitution, fue and be fued, plead and be impleaded, in his, her or their proper Name or Names, as Truftee or Truftees of fuch Inftitution, without other Defcription ; and no fuch Suit, A&ion or Profecution foall be difcontinued or abate by the Death of fuch Perfon or Perfons, or his or their Removal from the Office of Truftee or Truftees, but the fame foall and may be proceeded in by the fucceeding Truftee or Truftees, in the proper Name or Names of the Perfon or Perfons commencing the fame, any Law, Ufage or Cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding; and fu£h fucceeding Truftee or Truftees foall pay or receive like Cofts, as if the A&ion or Suit had been commenced in his or their Name or Names, for the Benefit of or to be reimburfed from the Funds of fuch Inftitution.

VIII. And be it further ena&ed. That it foall not be lawful to diffolve any Society or Inftitution eftablifoed under the Authority of this A& ; nor foall any Divifion of the Funds thereof be made, otherwife than in the ordinary Courfe of Proceeding, according to the Rules confirmed as aforefaid, without the Content of the Truftees

A.D.1819.	59° GEO. III.	C.J	28.	675

or the major* Part of them :• Provided always, that no fuch ponfent of Truftees fhall be given, unlefs and until it fhall have been certified by Two or more profeffional Aftuaries or Perfons /killed in Calculation a? aforefaid, which Perfons fhall have been approved as fuch by the Juftices as aforefaid, that, according to the moll correct Calculation of which the Cafe will admit, the Intereft of all the Contributors to fuch Inftitution, and of all Perfons having Claims thereon, in PofTeflion or Expeftancy, are, by the propofed Scheme of DiiTolution or Divifion, fairly dealt with and fecured.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That the Rules of every Society Place of Meet-or Inftitution formed under the Authority of this A A, fhall fpecify ing, and Powers the Place or Places at which it is intended fuch Society or Inftitution and Duties of fhall hold its Meetings, and fhall contain Provifions with refpeft to Membera^to^ the Powers and Duties of the Members at large, and of fuch Com- ^ sub_ mittee8 or Officers as may be appointed for the Management of the ject to this Act Affairs of fuch Society, fubjeft always to the Provifions of this and not to Aft with refpeft to the Appointment and Duties and Powers of 33®'3-c*J4* the Truftees; and fuch Society or Inftitution fhall not be fubjeft to

the Provifions and Reftriftions of the faid Aft of the Thirty third Year of His prefent .Majefty’s Reign, as to the Appointment of Committees, or otherwife, with refpeft to the Management of fuch Society or Inftitution.

X.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for any pUD<js may be Society or Inftitution eftablifhed under the-Authority of this Aft, subscribed into from time to time to fubfcribe the whole or any Part of the Funds Saving Bank; of fuch Society or Inftitution into the Funds of any Inftitution

which fhall -have taken the Benefit of an Aft of the Fifty feventh 57 G. 3. c. 130.

Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to

encourage the EJlablUbment of Banks for Sating* in England, fubjeft

to the feveral Provifions contained in the faid Taft mentioned Aft, or

of an Aft psffed in the laft Seffion of Parliament to amend the 58-6.3. c.48.

faid Aft.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for any or into Bank of Society or Inftitution eftablifhed under the Authority of this Aft, England to Ac-to pay direftly into the Bank of England any Sum or Sums of count of Com-Money not being lefs than Fifty Pounds, to the Account of the Commiffioners for the Reduftion of the National Debt, upon the on Declaration Declaration of the Truftees of fuch Society or Inftitution, or any of Trustees.

Two or more of them, that fuch Monies belong exclufively to the

Society or Inftitution for which fuch Payment is intended to be

made, whether fuch Monies fhall have been depofited therein before

the paffing of this Aft, or thereafter fhall be depofited therein 5

and the Cafhier or Cafhiers of the Bank of England are hereby CasHer to re-

required to receive all fuch Monies, and place the fame into a new ceive a id place

and feparatfc Account, to be raifed in the Name of the faid Com- 8uch Monies to

miffioners for the time being, in the Books of the Bank of England, Account*

to be denominated * The Fund for the Society or Inftitution efta-

*	blifhed at A. in the County of B. under an Aft of the Fifty

*	moth Year of the Aeign of King George the Thirdand all the Caufes and Provifions of an Aft paffed in the Fifty feventh Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, ^intituled An A3 to encourage the JSfiabli/hment of Banks for Savings tn England,) with refpeft to the Accounts of Banks for. Savings, and the Regulation of Debentures,

Certificates or Orders concerning the fame, fhall be applicable to the

59 Geo. III.	X	x	Monies

C. 128.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819. .

Trustees may ▼e*t Funds of Society in public Funds, or on Real Security.

Responsibility of Trustees.

In case of Apprehension or Deficiency of Funds, Trustees may apply to Quarter Sessions, who may make Order therein.

AppMl.

Fliud.

In Cases of Complaint of Widows and Children of deceased Mem-ben, Justices to base Jurisdiction.

33	c.5*

and 49

c. 115. applicable to thi# Act.

Monies fo paid into the Bank of England under the Authority of this Aft, as if the fame had been repeated therein.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this Aft contained (hall extend to prevent the Truftees of any Society formed under the Authority thereof, from invefting any Part of the Funds of fuch Society in any Public Stocks or Funds eftablifhed by the Authority of Parliament, or from laying out the fame upon Real Security at Intereft.

XIII.	And be it further enafted. That the Truftees of any Society or Inftitution eftablifhed under the Authority of this Aft, (hall not be liable to make good any Deficiency which mav arife in the Funds of fuch Society, unlefs fuch Perfons (nail have reipeftively declared by Writing under their Hands, depofited and regiftered in like manner with the Rules of fuch Society, that they are wiling to be anfwerable ; and it (hall be lawful for each of luch Perfons, or for fuch Perfons colleftively, to limit his, her or their Refponfibility to fuch Sum as (hall be fpecified in any fuch Inftrument in Writing.

XIV.	And be it further enafted. That when the Truftees of any Society formed under £he Authority of this Aft, (hall be appre-henfive that the Funds of fuch Society, together with the Sum (if any) for which Perfons having formed the faid Society (hall have made themfelves refponfible as aforefaid, are likely to prove infuffident to make all the Payments becoming due to the feveral Parties interefted, according to the Rules of luch Society, the faid Truftees (hall forthwith ftate their Apprehenfion, and the Grounds thereof, to the Juftices in General or Quarter Sefiions, or if the Rules of fuch Inftitution (hall have been originally confirmed at the Petty Sefiions, then to the Juftices in fuch Petty Sefiions ; and it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftices, upon a full Statement of the Accounts and Proceedings of fuch Society, which the faid Truftees are hereby direfted to furni(h at the Requifition of fuch Committee, to make fuch Order for the Adjuftment of the Claims of all Parties interefted in the Funds of fuch Society, as to them may appear fair and equitable: Provided always, that it (hall be lawful for any Perfon or Perfons who may think himfelf, herfelf or themfelves aggrieved by any fuch Order of Juftices in Petty Sefiions, to appeal therefrom to the Juftices aflembled in the Quarter Sefiions next enfuing after the Date of fuch Order, whofe Decifion (hall be final and conclufive.

* XV. And Whereas by the faid Aft of the Forty ninth Year of * His prefent Majefty’s Reign, no fufficient Provifion is made lor 4 the Relief of Widows and Children of deceafed Members of 4 Friendly Societies, who may be aggrieved by the Officers or 4 Members of the Societies of which their Hufbands or Parents were 4 Members Be it further enafted, That Juftices of the Peace (hall have the like Power and Jtirifdiftion in Cafes of Complaint made by or on behalf of fuch Widows and Children, as they have under the faid laft mentioned Aft, or under this Aft, in regard to the Members of fuch Societies themfelves.

XVI. And be it further enafted, That all the Provifions of the faid Afts of the Thirty third and Fofty ninth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, as to Matters for which no other Provifion is made by this Aft, (hall be deemed, fo far as the fame are not repugnant to this Aft, applicable to all Societies and Jnftitutions formed under the Authority of this Aft.

10

• CAP.

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.lf9, ISO.

675

CAP. CXXIX.

An Aft to continue in force, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Commencement of the next Seffion of Parliament, Three Afts of His prefent Majefty, for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors in England.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS an A61 was paired in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for the 4 Relief of Infolvent Debtors in England : And Whereas an Aft was * palled in th£ Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent ‘ Majefty, intituled An A3 to amend an A3 of the Fifty third Tear 4 of Hit Majefty7 s Reign, intituled ‘ An A3 for the Relief of Infolvent 4 Debtors in England :* And Whereas an Aft was palfed in the Fifty 4 fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 4 to amend the, A3 of the Fifty third Tear of His prefent Majefty, * intituled ‘ An A3 for the ReRef of Infofvent Debtors *V England ; • and to give further Powers to the Court appointed by the faid A3 * which feveral Afts were to continue in force until the End of the 4 prefent Seffion of Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient that ‘ the faid feveral A6U fhould be continued for a Ihort timeBe it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid feveral Afts and each and every of them, as far as the fame now are in force, (hall and the fame are hereby refpeftively continued until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Commencement of the next Seffion of Parliament.

II. And be it further enafted. That from and after the paffing of this Aft it (hall be lawful for His Majefty to appoint a fit Perfon, being a Barrifter at Law of Ten Years Handing at the leaft, to be His Majefty’s Commiffioner for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors, and to prefide in the Court eftablilhed by the faid recited Aft of the Fifty third Year of His prefent Majefty ; and that it (hall be lawful for fucH Commiffioner to appoint fuch and fo many Officers for carrying into Execution the purpofes of the faid recited Afts and this Aft, as His Majefty (hall deem to be necefiary and expedient for fuch purpofes, but fo that the Number of fuch Officers Ihall not exceed the Number heretofore appointed and employed in the faid Court.

CAP. CXXX.

An A fit to continue the feveral Afts for the Relief of Infolvent Debtors in Ireland, until the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.	[12th July 1819.]

*	TTY HE REAS an Aft was palfed in the Fifty third Year of the 4 W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for the 4 Relief of Infolvent Debtors in Ireland, and was to continue in force

*	until the prft Day of November One thoufand eight hundred and 4 eighteen, and thenceforth until the End of the men next Seffion

X x 2	‘	of

53 G. 3. e. ioju

54 G. 3. *.*>

56 G. 3. c. ioo.

continued.

A Commissioner to be appointed, who may appoint Officers*

iyG.3. C-X3&

t

676

€.130—133.

59* GEO. HI.

A.D. 1819.

4 of Parliament, and no longer ; and the faid Aft was amended by XIJ 4 Two Afts made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fixth Years of His continued	Maiefty’s	Reign: And Whereas it is expedient that the

* laid Afts mould be further continued Be it therefore enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majeftv, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual ana Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament adembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the faid recited Aft of the Fifty third Year aforeGud, as the fame is amended by the faid Afts of the Fifty fourth and Ififty fixth Years, (hall be and the fame is and are hereby continued in force from the End of this prefent Seffion of Parliament until the Firft Day of June One thoufand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP. CXXXI.

An Aft for raifing the Sum of Sixteen millions five kindred thoufand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for die Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen.

[12th July 1819.3

{This A3 is the fame as 58 G. 3. c. 4. except as to Dates and Sums.J

cap. cxxxn.

An Aft, for raifing the Sum of Two Millions BritM Currency, by Treafury Bills in Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen. [12th July 1819.3 [This AB ts the fame as 58 G. 3. c* 87. except as to Dates amt Sams* 3

CAP. CXXXIII.

An Aft for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen ; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seffion of Parliament.	[13th July 1819.3

§ I* £'3»5oo,ooo o o

II.	
III.	334*487 0 0
IV.	244,892 18 9!
V.	

3»oocsooo o o

20*000,000 O O

1 **0Q0*)00 o o

Out of Duties of Excife of ^ 56 G. 3. e. 17.

Alfo a Proportion of Balance remaining in the Bank belonging to the Public

Arifen from the Sale of Old Naval and Victualling Stores	-

Surplus of the Grants for 1818.

Monies raifed by Ex-" chequer Bills, under *3-

—----------- >	c.8.

From a Loan -Monies arifmg Lotteries - c

- c. 4. f.42. from 6S.

Granted it> make good the Supply > for Great Britain and Inland for 1819.

Towards the faid Supply.

A.D.1819,

59° GEO. III.

0,133.

«77

£.12,000,000 o o 16,500,000 o o

2,000,000 O o

334*4*7	o	o

244**9*	1*	9f

v	3*5°o»ooo	o	o

Vi*	6,527,781	11	7

565,500	0	0

520.000	o o

533.000	o o

91,000 o o 2*4*3>OI3 1* 7 1,631,628 o o

4*9*3 *9 0 0

284,321 o o VII. 8,782,470 5 7 2,258,776 ij 2

749,937 8 10 net 118,021	|	3

34,784 14 11 net 139*333 *4 *

10,894 16 7 net

From a Loan - r.71.

By Exchequer Bills r. 131.

By Treafury Bills

^.132.

Balance of Public Money paid by the Bank under 56 G. 3. e. 97.

1 granted above, § III.} granted above, § IV.) granted above, § I.)

236

200

210

Granted as above, and appropriated toUfes hereinafter expreffed. See § 6 —22.

For Wages of “	
20,000 Men,	
including	J
6000 Royal	5S
Marines,	W
For Vi&uals,	
For Wear and	j
Tearof Ships,	A
For Ordnance	
for Sea Ser-	
vice,	** (j

For 13 Months.

_ (P 7 °J For Ordinary Eftabliftimept") of the Navy For building, rebuilding and Repairs of Ships, and other Extra Works For Provifions for Troops on Foreign Stations, and Rations for Troops to be embarked pn board Ships of War and Tranfports For Tranfport Service For Land Forces; (that is to fay) For Land Forces in G. 2?.,“ and on Stations abroad,

(except.the Eafi Indies)

For Ditto for Ireland For General and Staff Officers, and Officers of Hof-pitals ferving with the Forces in G. B. and pn Foreign Stations, (excepting India)

For Ditto in Ireland For Allowances to Principal Officers of certain Public Departments in G. B.y their Departments, Clerks and Contingencies For Ditto in Ireland Xx 3

Fpr the Year 1819.

From the 25th Dec• i8iB.to the a^th Dee. ^819. inclu-five.

59° GEO. III.

A'D* 1819.

C.13S.

£.21 >635 * *1

7*4°° *7. 3 net

100,000 o o

21,668 15 5 net 2a, 884 r 2

*74>378 6 o

1,263 9 3 net 27,480 3 11

6,178	II	O	net
123,899	7	9	
3.538	9	8	net
687,600	0	0	
49.77a	6	2	net
31,561	17	6	

-1,227 *4 ° net , 129,750 o o

42,8*9 8 9

For Medicines and Sur-' gical Materials for Land Forces on the Eftablifti-ment of G. B., and of certain Hofpital Contingencies For Ditto in Ireland For defraying the Charge' of Volunteer Corps in G.B.

For ditto in Ireland For Four Troops of Dragoons and 44 Companies of Foot ftationed m G. 2?., for recruiting the Corps employed in the Territorial Pofleffions of the Eajl India Company For Pay of General Officers in the Land Forces, not being Colonels of Regiments upon the Efta-blifhment of G.B.	-

For Ditto in Ireland For Garrifons at Home' and Abroad on the Efta-blifhment of G.B.	-|

For Ditto in Ireland	- 1

For Full Pay for retired1 Officers and unattached Officers of Forces upon the Eftablifhmentof G.B. For Ditto for retired Officers in Ireland For Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces upon the Eftabli fhnt of G.B. -For Ditto in Ireland

For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Forces upon the Eftablifhment of G. B. For Ditto in Ireland For Half Pay and reduced Allowances to Officers of difbanded Foreign Corps, Penfions to Wounded Foreign Officers, and Allowances to the Widows and Children of deceafed

Foreign Officers For In renfioners of C6el-fea Hofpital

For the Year 1819*

From the 25th Dt€.

1818.	to 24th Dee.

1819.	inclufrre.

For the Year 1819.

From 25th Dee* 1818. to 241J1 Dee. 1819.

A.D.1819.

69® GEO. III.

C. 133.

679

f.ij,68i 13 n

977,58* o .0 196,065 14	*

84,580 o o

19,54*	*	2

168,532 12 I

20,732 O O 29>994 6 9

7.343 11 2 35,000 o 0

197,244 14 3

6,009 16 9 123,500 o o 380,300 o o

189,574 14 4

net

net

net

net

net

For Ditto of Kilmainbam Hofpital For Out Penfioners of CbeUea Hofpital For Ditto of Kilmainbam Hofpital For Penfions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Marines upon the Eftabliftiment of G. B. -For Ditto in Ireland Allowances on Compaffion-ate Lift, and of Penfions to Officers for Wounds Ditto to reduced Adjutants of Local Militia in G. B.. For Allowances, Compen-' fations and Emoluments, in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances to Perfons belonging to feveral Public Departments in G. 2?., in refpedt of their having held Public Offices or ► Employments of a Civil Nature For Ditto in Ireland For Fees expefted to be paid at the Exchequer on I flues for Army Services for the Britifb Eftablifh-

From the 25th Dec. , i8i8.to24thZW, 1819* inclufive.

ment -	-

For Corps ordered to be difb^nded or reduced in the Year 1819; for the Clothing of Cavalry Regiments, the Eftablifhments of which were reduced from the 25th December, 1818 ; and for Two Regiments of Cavalry to Dates of Embarkation For the Eqfl Indies.

For Charges incident for the Year 1819, for the Pay and Clothing of Corps reduced in Ireland. For the Barrack Depart-] ment in G. B.

For Supply of Bread, Meat and Forage, Coals, Candles, Straw and Furniture for Troops in G. B. and for cafual Supplies for Troops on Foreign Stations, and for the Pay of Commifiariat Department -

For the Year 1819*

For the Year 1819.

For difembodied Militia in

G. B.

X x 4

680

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

VIII,

c. 133.

*,*00,000	7  0	5"  O	X  a
			t
*0,000	0	C\	a  I £
*48,532	0	U  O	r t  0
73,032	8	O^	j  3
250,000	0	O	
386,222	3	II	
20,094	16	IO	
1  10,000	0	O	
275,667	18	O	

6,02a	5

34^84 2 6

101,008 IJ 4 19)000 O O

► For the Year 1819.

For Ditto in Ireland - For the Year 1819.

For Extraordinary Expences of the Army in G. B. during the present Year.

For Ditto in Ireland during the prefent Year.

For Commifiariat Depart-"! For one Year end-ment, ditto -	-	>	ing 24th Dec•

Barrack Department, ditto J 1819.

For Ordnance Service of the prefent Year.

For Ordnance for Land) «	,

Service for	G. B. For ^ Year 1819.

For Services performed by Ordnance for Land Service for G. B. and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1818.

For the Redaction of Or-* dinary Military Corps -For Ordnance for G. B. for Allowances to Retired General Officers, to Superannuated, Retired and Half Pay Officers, to Officers feconded,to Officers for good Services, to Wounded Officers, to Superannuated and Dif-abled Men, and for Pen-fions to Widows and Children of deceafed Officers late belonging to the feveral Ordnance Military Corps

For Ditto, not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1818.

For Allowances, Compen-^ fations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances to Perfons late 'belonging to the Office of Ordnance in G. £• in refpeft of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and alfo for the Charge of Widows*

Penfions For the Office of Ordnance for Ireland For Ditto in Ditto, on account of the Pay of Retired Officers of the late Irijh Artillery and For the Year 1819* Engineers, and Penfions to Widows of deceafed Officers of the fame

A.D.1819.

59° QEO. III.

C. 133.

£81

£.4,500 o o

IX.	1,000,000 o o

X.	24,954,300 o o

XI.	8,046,100 o o

XII.	8,599,600 o o

XIII.	3,000,000 o o XIV* 4^400,000 o o

XV.

XVI. Civil Eftafolifhments, 3,301 10 o

600	O	0
10,800	O	0
>3*440	O	0
<5.757	10	0
2,190	0	0
3>49°	0	0
5>97<5	0	0
16,825	0	0
16,687	>5	0
79**54	8	,9i

For Allowances, Compen-fations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances to Perfons late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in Ireland, in refpeft of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and alfo for the Charge of Widows*

Penfions

For improving the Defences of the Low Countries, by virtue of the Convention concluded on the 13th Augujl 1814.

For difcharging Outftanding Exchequer Bills under 58 G. 3. c. 86. and c. 4. unprovided for. For difcharging Supplies granted for the Service of the Year 1818, unprovided for.

For difcharging Exchequer Bills charged upon the Supplies of the Year 1819, unprovided for. For Ditto, under 48 G. 3. c. 3. 55 G. 3. r. 16.

and 56 G. 3. r. 7. unprovided for.

For difoharging/Treafury Bills iffiied for the Service of Ireland under 57 G. 3. c. 81 • and 58 G. 3. c. 87. unprovided for on the 5th January 1819. Out of the feveral Sums of 24,954,300/. § X. ante, 8,599,600/. § XII. ante, 3,000,000/. Exchequer Bills, § XIII. ante, and 4,400,000/. Treafury Bills, § XIV. ante, 5,000,000/. to be repaid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

viz.

Bahama IJlandt, in addition ’ to the Salaries now paid to the PiAlic Officers out of the Duty Fund, and the incidental Charges attending the fame -IJland of Dominica Upper Canada Nova Scotia New Brunfwtck Cape Breton

St. John ( Prince Edward?*

IJland)

Newfoundland New South Wale* -Sierra Leone

For making good Deficiency of Grant for the Year 1818, to provide for fuch Expences of a Civil Nature as do not form a Part of the Ordinary Charges of the Civil Lift.

t From ift January to 31ft Dec. 1819.

682

A.D. 1819.

C. 153. £.300,000 o ©

6,500 o o

*4*5'5 00 22,401 o o

923 4 2 41,974 o o

74>932 0 0 2,777 o o

8.000	o o

20.000	O O

3.000	o o

17.000	o o

2,209 O O

149 9 O

59* GEO. III.

> For the Year 1819.

For fuch Expences of a'

Civil Nature as do not form Part of the Ordinary Charges of the Civil Lift -	-	-	-	For the Year 1819.

For Salaries to Officers and 1 Expences of the Court and Receipt of Exchequer -	-

For defraying the Ex-' pences of the Houfes of |

Lords and Commons For the Salaries and Al- I Iowances to the Officers | of Lords and Commons For making good Deficiency of Sum granted in the laft Sefiion of Parliament to defray the Salaries and Allowances to the Officers of the Houfes of Lords and Commons.

For Works and Repairs of')

Public Buildings For the confining, mam- ! twining and Employments | of Convi&s at nome For maintain-1	, C To be paid without

ing criminal > v	-<	Fee or other De-

Lunatics .J Year 1819.}

For Profecutions, &c. re-1 lating to the Coin of this > For the Year 1819. Kingdom	-	j

For Law Charges -	-	For the Year 1819.

For the Vaccine f tteYcar ’

Eftabliftment^gY^-

For printing A6U of Par-j liament for the Two |

Houfes of Parliament, for the Sheriffs, Clerks I of the Peace and Chief Magiftrates throughout the United Kingdom, and | for the acting Juftices throughout Great Bri- | tain; alfo for printing ,

Bills, Reports, Evidence and other Papers and Accounts for the Houfe j of Lords * -For printing Votes of the Houfe of during the prefent Seffioa of Parliament.

For Deficiency of the Grant of 1817, for printing 1750 Copies of the 72d vol. of Journals of the Houfe ot Commons.



For the Year 1819.

To be paid witb-out Fee or other Deduction.

> For the Year 1819.

A.D. 1819.

59* GEO. III.

C. 133.

688

£.11,000 o o 251 10 o

2^42 o o

920 o o

266 13 4

558 o o

225 o o

18,449 4 0

9,189 16 2

9°>7a7 o o

For American Loy-alifts -	-

For Superannuation Allowances or Compensations to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed in the Lottery Office For Superannuation Allowances or Com-penfations to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed in the Office of Commiffionersfor auditing the public Accounts For Superannuation Allowances or Compensations to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed in His Ma-jefty’s Mint For Superannuation Allowance or Compensation to One of the late Paymafters of Exchequer Bills For Superannuation or retired Allowances to Perfons formerly employed on the Militaiy Roads in North Britain

6s

m

CO

M

I,

►. 1

I

£

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction*

For Superannuation or retired Allowance to IVil-Ram Bell of KingRon in Canada, at the Rate of 150/. per annum	-

From the 30th Jam

1818.	to 30th Dee*

1819.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

For making good the Deficiency of the Fee Funds in the Department of the Treafury, Three Secretaries of State and Privy Council.

For making good the Deficiency of the Sum granted in the laft Seffion of Parliament for defraying contingent Expences, add Meffengers’ Bills in the Departments of .the Treafury, the Three Secretaries of State and Lord Chamberlain.

For making good DefiO ciency of Fee Funds in |

684

C. 136.

99* GEO. 111.

4.D.1SI&

£.73,700 • o

60,000 o o

21,000 O O

50,000 • o

8.000	p o

8.000	p o 17,173 18 10 28,482 17 7

5.000	o p 52,662 14 1

80,000 o e

4.S>87	3

the Departments of the Treafury, Three Secretaries of State, and Privy Council ...

For defraying the contingent Experices and Mef-lengero’ Bills in the De-, partments of the Trea-iury, Three Secretaries of State find Lord Chamberlain -

Towards the Expence of building a Penitentiary Houle at Militant

> For the Year 1819.

For

the

Year

1819.

For the Eftablilhment of the Penitentiary Houfe -,

For the Inland Na-*| vigation from the	For

Eaftern to the	the

WefLem Sea by * Year Invemefs and 1819. Fort William - J Towards the Expences of' the Royal Military College -	-

Towards the Royal Military Afylum	-

For completing the Royal' Military College -For completing the Royal Military Afylum at Chelfea For the Refuge) For

To be paid without Fee or other Dedudion.

From the 24th Jam

1819.	to 24th Jam

1820.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

To be paid without Fee or other Dedudion.

► For jthe Year 1819.

From the 25th Dec. 1818. to the 24th Dec. 1810. indn-fire.

(‘To be paid with* out Fee or other Dedu&ion.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

for the Defti- > the Year < tute -	-)	1819.	(

For Relief to Toulonefe and*

Corfican Emigrants, St.

Domingo Sufferers, Dutch Naval Officers, for Services performed or Lofles fufbuned in the Brkijb Service -For Secret Services	For	the Year 1819*

For making good Deficiency of the Grant of 1818, for the Expence of printing Bills, Reports and other Papers, by Order of the Houfe of Commons, .during the laft Seffion of PartiameiiU

A.£>. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

CUSS.

885

£.213 *4 it

21)000 O O

3,000 O O 3,500 O 9

3,169 13 of 24,800 o o

10*000 o o

1,671	2	O

M77 8 5

100.000	o o

1,570,000 •© o

430.000	• o

For making good Deficiency of Grant of 1818, for printing 1,750 Copies of the 73d Vol. of Journals of the Houfe of Commons.

For printing Bills, Reports and other Papers, by Order of the Houfe of Commons, during the prefent Seffion of Parliament.

For reprinting Journals and Reports of the Houfe of Commons, in the Year 1819.

For printing 1,750 Copies of the 74th Vol. of the Journals of the Houfe of Commons, for the Year 1819.

For repairing Henry the'

Seventh’s Chapel For defraying the Salaries and Allowances and Ex-pences for the Commif-tioners under the Treaties • with Foreign Powers, for preventing the illicit T raf-nc in Slaves For carrying on Works at the College of Edinburgh For printing 1,250 Copies of the 50th Vol. of Journals of die Houle of Peers.

For defraying Deficiency of the Grant of 1818, for printing-A&s of Parliament for the Two Houfes of Parliament, for the Sheriffs, Clerks of the Peace, and Chief Magiftrates throughout the United Kingdom, and for the A ding Juf-tices throughout Great Britain; alfo for printing Bills, Reports, Evidence, and other Papers and Account? for the Houfe of Lords.

For the Year 1819. To be paid without Fee or other Dedu&ion.

For Bills drawn or to be 1 drawn from New South > For the Year 1810. Wales	-	-	-)

For difcbarging Intereft cm Exchequer Bills, Irijb Treafury Buis, and Mint Notes.

Being the ioodth Part of'

43 Millions of Exchequer Bills, authorifed in the laft Selfion of Parliament to be iffued and charg

For the Year ending the lit February 1819.

upon the Aids granted in the prefent Seffion, to be iffued and paid by Quarterly Payments, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* to be placed to the Account of the Commif-fioners of the National Debt :	.S

686

A.D. 1818.

C.133.

S9oGEO.UL

£.10,018 16 '8

100,000 o o

10.000	o o

48,904 2	2

*3>°97 *7 4

15.000	o o

12,500 o o

13,300 o o

1,000 o o

28.000	o o

1,175 O 0

6,000 o o

For

the

Year

1819.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

Towards Expences ‘ incurred in the Management of the jBritifb Mu-feum

For the Governors of Queen Anne’s Bounty.

For the Poorer Clergy in Scotland, to be iffued and applied in purfuance of any A6fc for that purpofe For Intereft due on 300,000/. granted to the Portuguese Government, in .purfu-ance of a Convention, figned at Vienna on the 21ft January 1815	-	,

For making good the Deficiency on the 5th ol April 1819, of the Fee Fund at Receipt of Exchequer.

For defraying Expence of"

Improvements between Bangor Ferry and Chirk Bridge, in North Wales For defraying Expence of Works propofed to be done in and about the Harbour of Holyhead For defraying Expence of Repairs upon the Cobb

at Lyme Regis For the Board of Agriculture -For maintaining and repairing the Britifb Forts on the Coaft of Africa For Superannuation Allowances or Compensations . to Andrew AUen and Edward Stanley, retired Con-* fuls abroad To General Boyd, a Citizen and Officer of the United

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

States of America, for Services rendered by the Exportation of Saltpetre exported under the King’s Licence, as a Remuneration for a Service formerly rendered to this Country in the Eqfl Indies, and for Expences and Trouble incurred in the Profecq-tion of his Claim J ,

AJ). 1819.

69» GEO. Ill,

C. 138.

687

BrkUb Currency net.

XVIII.	£.1,153 16 11

XIX.	22,882 o o 20,684 0 0

9,692 o o 3.439 o o

23,076 o o

1,000 o o 8,651 I 7

4*034 l5 5

756 o o 1,741 16 II 4*480 o o 12,000 O o 6,700 o o

For the Year 1819.

For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1820.

For the Remuneration of certain public Officers in Ireland^ for their extraordinary Trouble in 1819.

For the probable Expendi-1 ture of the Board of -T Works in Ireland	1

For Printing, Stationery5 and other Difburfements for the Chief and Under Secretaries* Offices and Apartments, and other public Officers in Dublin Caftle, &c., and for Riding Charges and other Expences of the Deputy Purfuivants and extra Meffengers attending the faid Offices, alfo fuper-annuated Allowances in the faid Chief Secretary's Office

For publifhing Proclamations and otner Matters of a public Nature in the Dublin Gazette and other Newfpapers in Ireland For printing 1,500 Copies of a comprefled Quarto Edition of the Statutes of the U. K. for the Magiftrates of Ireland\ and 250 Copies of a Folio Edition of the fame, bound for the Ufe of the Lords, Bifhops and public Officers in Ireland• For Criminal Profecutions' and other Law Expences m Ireland -	-	-

For apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland For completing the Sum neceffary for the Support of the Nonconforming Minifters in Ireland For the Support of Seced-

For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1820.

ing Mimfters from the £ .For	^

Synod of Ulfter	-)	1820.

For Proteftant Diffenting Minifters in Ireland For Salaries of Lottery Officers in Ireland For the Dire&ors of Inland 9 r	v A 0

Navigation in Ireland .) For the Year 1819.

For carrying on the Works at Dunmore Harbour in the current Year.

For Ditto at Harbour of Hoeuth in' the current Year.

For One Year, ending cth Jan. 1820. For One Year, ending 24th June 1820.

C. 133.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

JBritj/b Currency net. £.683 1 6

1,071 13 10 26,600 o o

10,000 o o

1.000	o o 7,200 o o

3.000	o o 17,076 18 si

XX. 9,230 o o 18,461 o o

>9.938 9

11.000	o o 276 18 si

300 o o XXI. 24,000 o o

30.000	o o

32.000	o o

6,655 o o

For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1820.

For dojthing the Battle Axe Guards for 18 Months, commencing I ft June 1819.

For clothing Officers of Arms, Purfuivants and State Trumpeters in Ireland for three Years, commencing 17th March 1819.

For the Police and Watch ^

E flablifh ments of the City and DiftriC of Dublin -For providing for Fever Cafes in Ireland For Uten fils and Implements of ManufaCure for the Ufe of New Bridewell in Dublin.

For Salaries of Commiffioners of Inquiry into Courts of Juftice in Ireland.

In aid of Schools eftablifhed by Voluntary Contributions.

For making good the Advances made from the Civil Lift in Ireland, purfuant to the Addreffes of the Houfe of Commons of the 8th July 1817 and the 2d June 1818, for the Remuneration of the Commiffioners of Enquiry into the Courts of Juflice in Ireland.

For building Churches and-Glebe Houfes and pur-chafing Glebes in Ireland ■

For further defraying the Expence of ditto For the Truftees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, to be by them applied in fuch manner as tney fhall think fit to promote the faid ManufaCures For making wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin -	-	--

Allowance to the Chairman of the Board of Inland Navigation

For repairing the Houfe of the Royal Irtfb Academy in Grafton Street.

For the Proteftant Charter'

Schools of Ireland For the Foundling Hofpital at DubRn -For the Houfe of Induftry,

Hofpitals and Afylum for induftrious Children in Dublin For the Richmond Lunatic Afylum at Dublin

For One Year, ending the 5th January 1820.

For the Year 1819.

A.IX1819.

<59* GEO. III.

C. 135% 134.

<58*

Britifb Currency, neU			For the Hibernian Society for Soldiers’ Children
£. 9,200	0	0	
1,800	0	0	For the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin
2,600	0	a	For the Female Orphan Houfe in the Circular Road near Dublin
8,000	0	0	For the Wcfimorland Lock Hofpital, Dublin
3»3°°	0	0	For the Lying-in Hoipital, Dublin
1,400	0	0	For Doftor Stevens's Hofpital
4»6oo	0	0	For the Fever Hofpital and Houfe of Recovery in > Cork Street, Dublin -
460	0	0	For the Hofpital for Incurables in Dublin
8,928	0	0	For the Roman Catholic Seminary For the Alfociation for dif-
3+3°	0	0	

IOO o o

XXVII.

For One Year, ending the 5th January 1820.

countenancing Vice and 1 promoting the Knowledge of the Chriftian Religion For the Green Coat Hof-pital of Cork For the Cork Inftitution For the Society for promoting the Education of the Poor of Ireland -For the Dublin Society For the Fanning Society of Ireland For defraying the Civil Contingencies in Ireland _

Supplies to be applied only for the Purpofes aforefaid-Rules for Application of Half Pay.

Half Pay to Officers of Manx Fencibles.

Ditto to Chaplains of Regiments, although in Pofleffion of Ec cleft af-tical Benefices.	^

Application of Overplus of Sum under 58 Goot-fr'C. 101.

2,300

9>*oo

3*000

o

o

XXII. 20,000 o o

XXIII.

XXIV. XXV.

XXVI.

CAP. CXXXIV.

An Aft to amend and render more effeftual an Aft paired in the laft Seflion of Parliament, for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in.populous Partthes.

[13th	1819.]	,8G.j.c.4*

*	XT7HEREAS an Aft palled in the lafb Seffion of Parliament,

*	VV intituled An AS for building and promoting the building of

*	additional Churches in populous Pari/hes: And. Whereas it is ex-

*	pedient and neceffiury that fome of the Provifions of the laid Aft

.69 Geo. III.	Yy	•	Ihould



C.lSi.

W GEO. IIL

A.D.1811.

Exchequer Bills issued in pursuance of recited Act to bear a certain Rate of Interest.

Commissioners under recited Act to apply for Exchequer Bilh;

4 (hould be amended, and other Provifions thereof enlarged, and that 4 further and additional Provifion (hould be made for rendering the 4'faid Aft more effhftualBe it therefore enafted by The Cog’s Mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament anembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That the Exchequer Bilk, to be made out in purfuance of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, (hall and may bear fuch an Intereft as may be direfted by the Lord High Treafurer or Lords Cofrimiflioners of His Majeftyk Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Brit com and Ireland^ not exceeding the Rate of Three pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem, upon or in refpeft of the whole of the Monies refpeftiyely/ contained therein; and that all fuch Bills as (hall be advanced for the purpofes of carrying the faid Aft or this Aft into Execution, (hall be made payable at fuch Periods, and, together with the Intereft that (hall be due thereon, (hall be paid off and difeharged out of fuch Aids or Supplies granted by Parliament, for the Service of any Year, as in each and every Exchequer B01 fo made forth (hall be particularly fpecified and expreffed, purfnant to fuch Direftions as (hall be given in that behalf to the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, by Warrant or Warrants from the faid Commiflioners of His majefty’s Treafury, or any Three or more of them, for the time being.

II.	And be it further enafted. That from time to time, as the Commiflioners appointed for the Execution of the faid recited Aft (hall find it neceflary to apply to the purpofes thereof, any Amount of fuch Bills to be advanced under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft or of this Aft, the faid Commiflioners (hall forthwith reprefent the fame to the faid Commiflioners of the Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the faid Commi(Boners, or any Three or more of them for the time being, (hall thereupon, if fatisfied of fuch Neceffity, direft the faid Commiflioners to iffue a Certificate to be figned by any Three or more of them, to fuch Perfon or Perfons as may be authorised to receive the fame, containing the Amount fo by the faid Commiflioners intended to be advanced

which are to be by Exchequer Bills; which Certificate (hall and may be pretested delivered by the to the Auditor at the Receipt of Exchequer at WeflminBer, and Auditor of the ^ Auditor (hall, immediately upon the Receipt of filch Cer-xc equer. tificate, deliver to the Bearer thereof a like Amount in Exchequer Bills, to be made out in purfuance of the faid recited Aft or of this Aft, and payable at luch Period as (hall in fuch Exchequer ^ Bill^be fpecified and expreffed; provided that the total Amount fo to be iijuea by yirtue of fuch Certificates (hall not at any time exceed the Amount direfted to be advanced under the faid recited Aft; and every fuch Exchequer Bill (hall bear Date on the Day on which fuch Certificate (hall be fo received by the Dud Auditor, or on fuch other Day as in fuch Certificate (hall be fpecified; any thing* in the faid recited Aft to the contrary notwithftanding •; and all fiich Eichequer Biffs fo to be delivered (hall and may be figned by the faid Auditor, or in hie Name by any Perfon duly authorifed to fign Exchequer Bills.

III.	Apd be it farther enafted, That k fhaB be lawful for TBs Mqefty, His Heixs and Succeflone, when and fo often as • any Vacancies (hall or may azz£e, by Death, Refiynatkm or ikieifa of any of the Commi&mevs appointed by Hit Majefty under the

Dste of the asid Exchequer Bills.

His Majesty may appoint Commissioners to supply Vacancies.

I

A.D. 18Id.	59" GEO. HI. .	C/1S4.

^rovifioix of the faid recited Ad or this Ad, from time to time to’fupply any fueh Vacancy or Vacancies by the Appointment of any other Perfon or Ferfons, and alfo from time to time to appoint additional Commiflioners, who, together with the Perfons before appointed, (hall be the Commiffioners for carrying into Execution	,

the purpofes of the faid A A and this Aft $ and the Commiffioners Commisaionevs fo appointed by His Majefty, under the Provi(ions of the faid Aft to be a Body or this A A, (hall be and are nereby declared to be a Body Corporate, Corporate* by the Name and Stile of “ His Majefty* s Commiffioners for building New Churches,1 * and by that Name (hall, from and Rafter the pamng of this Aft, be a Body Corporate, while any Commiffion appointing fuch Commiflioners (hall continue in full Force, and (hall have a Common Seal.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Commissioners faid Commiflioners, and they are hereby empowered to allow and empowered to make Grants for the defraying the whole of the Charges and fll^$ewho*e Expences of building any Churoies or Chapels under the Proviflons *n certain of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, in all Cafes in which the Com-miflioners (hall fee (it, either on account of the Inability of the Inhabitants to bear any Part of the Charge of building any fuch Churches or Chapels, or from any other Caufe which (nail, in the Judgment and Difcretion of the faid Commiffioners be fufficient; any thing in the faid recited Aft contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

* V. And Whereas many Pariffies are divided into Townffiips,

€ Hamlets, Villa, Chapelries, and other Diviflons, which are oftentimes 4 very large and populous; and it is therefore expedient that the faid

*	Commiffioners (hall be empowered to conflder Diviflons of Pariffies

*	as Pariffies for the purpofes of the faid recited Aft and of this

4 Aft Be it therefore enafted. That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commisrionera Commiffioners, and they are hereby empowered, to make Grants or	witil

Loans, or Grants and Loans, to any fuch Townffiips, Hamlets, (SmtstoDi-Vills, Chapelries, or other Diviflons of Pariffies, as may, in the vision*,of Judgment of the Commiffioners, from their Population, require further Parishes, as if Accommodation for Divine Service, according to the Rites of the were dia-TJnited Church of England and Ireland* although the Population of t“ct Pari*hw’ any fuch Diviflon may not amount to Four thoufand, and although in the whole Pariffi there may be Accommodation for more than One Fourth Part of the Inhabitants; and the Commiffioners may, in every fuch Cafe, proceed, in relation to any fuch Diviflons, under the Proviflons of the faid Aft and this Aft, in every refpeft as	;

if they were feparate and diitinft Pariffies; and all the Proviflons 58 Q. 3, e. 45. in the faid Aft and this Aft contained for enabling the faid Com- jndthis Act in miffioners to make Grants or Loans to any Pariffies or Extra parochial "J®? f8 to *uc“ Places, (hall extend and apply and be in full force as to fuch Di- vlwoafc vifions of Pariffies, as fully and effeftually to all Intents and Purpofes as if fuch Diviflons were feparate and diftinft Pariffies, and as if all the Powers, Authorities and Proviflons in the faid Aft and this Aft contained, in relation to Pariffies, were feverally and Separately re-enafted as to fuch Diviflons of Pariffies*

4 VI. And Whereas a Confiderable Population is frequently £ol-4 lefted together, at the Extremities of and locally fltuate in Pariffies 4 or Extra parochial Placet contiguous to each other, at a pittance 4 from the refptftive Churches or Chapels of fuch refpeftive Pariffies

Yy 2	•	or

6£2

C. 134.

39* GEO. III.

AJX.1819.

Commissioners « or Extra parochial PlacesBe it therefore enabled. That it fhafl

may unite Parts ^ lawful for the faid Commiffioners, with fuch Confent as is required

Parishes and* ^>y t^ie &»d recited Aft in the Cafe of Diftrift Parifhes, to unite and

Extra parochial confolidate any fuch contiguous Parts of fuch Parifhes and Extra

Places into	parochial Places into a feparate and diftinft Diftrift, ior all Ecclefi-

•eparate EMs-	aftical Purpofes, and to caufe fuch Diftrift to be named, afcertained

tricts Tor Eccla- marhed out by defcribed Bounds, and fuch Name, and the

posM^andr	Defcription of fuch Bounds, when approved by His Majefty in

make’Loans	Council, to be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery, and in

for building the Office of the Regiftry'of the Diocefe to which fuoh Diftrift (hall

Chapels for the belong, under the Provifions of this Aft, and to make Grants or U*e of such ~	-	   -	-	.	—	-	•

Districts;

and constitute such District consolidated Chapelries.

Right of Presentation, Sc.

Loans for or towards the building of or to build any Chapel .or Chapels, with or without Cemeteries, in and for the Ufe of the Inhabitants of any fuch Diftrift, in fuch Manner and under fuch Regulations as may, in the Judgment of the Commiffioners, appear from the Circumftances to be moft expedient, and to conftitute «any fuch Diftrift a consolidated Chapelry; and every fuch Chapeby (hall be under the Superintendence of fuch Spiritual Perfon as (hall be appointed under the Provifions of this Aft, to ferve any fuch Chapel; and fuch Spiritual P*rfon (hall have Cure of Souls in fuch Diftrift; and the Right of Prefentation and Appointment of fuch Spiritual Perfon (half thenceforth belong to fuch Perfon or Perfon 8, and be exercifed in fuch manner as may be agreed by the feveral Patrons of the Churches or Chapels of fuch Parifhes and Extra parochial Places refpeftively, with tne Approbation of the Codi-miffioners; and Banns of Marriage may be publifhed, and Marriages, Chriftenings, Churchings and Burials may be folemnifed and performed in any fuch Chapel, immediately and at all times after the Confecration thereof; and the Pew Rents in fuch Chapel (hall be fixed, and Salaries to the Minifter and Clerk affigned therefrom, is fuch manner as is direfted in the faid recited Aft or in this Aft concerning Pew Rents and Salaries in feparate or Diftrift Parifhes; and all Fees and Offerings which may arife and accrue within fuck Chapelry, according to fuch Table of Fees as the Commiffioners (hall make, with the Approbation of the Bifhop, may be demanded, received, fued for, profecuted and recovered by the Spiritual Perfon having Cure of Souls therein, and by the Clerk and Sexton of fuch Chapelries, in like manner as if every fuch Chapelry was a diftinft Parifh; and it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiffioners, and they are hereby required, in every fuch Cafe, to afcertain and make Compenfation, in manner direfted m like Cafes under the faid recited Aft, for any Lofs which may be fuftained by the Incumbent of any contiguous Parifh or Extra parochial Place which (hall form Part of any fuch Diftrift, by reafon of any Fees, Oblations and Offerings being transferred to the Spiritual Perfon ferving any fuch Chapa; and all fuch Chapelries (hall be deemed to be Benefices, and be fub-jeft to the Jurifdiftion of the Bifhop and Archdeacon within whofe Diocefe and Archdeaconry the Altar of fuch Chapel (hall be locally Subject to Laws fixate, and to all the Laws in force concerning Prefentation and in ore*.	Appointment	to	Benefices and Churches, and Lapfe, and all other

Laws relating to the holding of Benefices and Churches.

Commissioners VIL And be it further enafted, That in every Cafe in which the majkiriMoner Commiffioners (hall determine that any additional Church or Chapel or Churches or Chapels (hall be erefted in any Pa i(h or Extra parochial

Pew fonts.

Fees end bflkrings.

Compensation to Incumbent of contiguous Parish, 0t*

AD. 181%	59*GEO. III. - '	C.J34.

chial Place, it (hall be lawful for the fpid Commiflioners to require Site* to be provided for the fame, in manner direded by the faid recited Ad, and to grant or lend Money for the purchafing of Sites, and for the ereding, or to ered or build, under the Provifions of the faid Ad or this Ad, any Building or Buildings for the Celebration of Divine Service according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland\ without determining before the making of any fuch Requifition of Sites, or of any fuch Grant or Loan, or before the ereding or building any fuch Church or Chapel, whether the Parifh or Extra parochial Place in whith the fame (hall be built, fhall be divided into feparate and diflind Parifhes or Diflrids for Ecclefiaftical Purpofes under the Provifions of the faid Ad, or whether any fuch Building fhall, after the Confecration thereof, be deemed a Church or Chapel, or whether the fame fhall be appropriated to the Accommodation of the Parifh at large in which the fame is b«ilt, or to any particular Diftrid or Divifion or Divifions thereof; any thing in the faid recited Ad to the contrary notwithflanding.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That in every Cafe in which the faid Commiflioners fhall be of Opinion that it will be expedient to divide any Parifh or Extra parochial Place into Two or more diflind and feparate Parifhes, for Ecclefiaflical Purpofes, under the Provifions of the faid recited Ad, it fhall be lawful for the faid Com-miflioners, with fuch Confents as are by the faid Ad required in loch Cafes, to apportion the relative and refpedive Proportions of Glebe Land, Tithes, Modufes or other Endowments or Emoluments, which it may be expedient to aflign and attach to each of fuch refpedive Divifions, without regard to whether any fuch refpedive Proportions of Glebe Land, Tithes, Modufes or other Endowments or Emoluments are locally fituate, or arife or accrue within the Divifion or Diftrid to which they may be fo afligned, or are locally fituate or arife or accrue within the Parifh or Extra parochial Place fo propofed to be divided, or elfewhere ; any thing in the faid recited Ad to the contrary notwithflanding,

IX.	And be it further enaded. That it fhall be lawful for the Commiflioners, with Confent of the Bifliop, in the Divifion of any Parifh, and of the relative Proportion of Glebe Land, Tithes, Modufes or other Endowments, under. the Provifions of the faid recited Ad or this Ad, to apportion alfo the permanent Charges in refped thereof, or in any manner affeding the fame, or the Incumbent for the time being of the faid Parifh, and fuch Charges fo apportioned fhall thereafter be borne by and belong to each of the IDivifions of fuch Parifh, or by the Spiritual Perfon ferving the fame refpedively; any thing in the faid recited Ad to the contrary not-withftanding.

X.	And be it further enaded. That when any Parifh fhall be drrided under the Provifions of the faid recited,Ad or this Ad, all Fees, Dues, Profits and Emoluments belonging to the Parifh Clerk or Sexton refpedively of any fuch Parifh, whether by Pre-feription, Ufage or . otherwife, which fhall thereafter arife in any J>iflrid or Divifion of any Parifh divided under the Provifions of the faid recited Ad, fhall belong to and be recoverable by the Clerks and Sextons refpedively of each of the Divifions refpedively of the jPjarifh to which they fhall be afligned, in like manner in every refped and after the fame Rate as they were before recoverable by the

Y y S	Clerk

633

Determination' as 4o Division of the Parish, or whether Such Buildings shaH be deemed Churches or Chapels when built, &c.

In divided Parishes,

Glebe, &c. may be apportioned without regard to local Situation.

Commissioners in dividing Parishes to apportion permanent Charges as well as Glebe, &c.

Clerks and Sextons of Divisions of Parish may recover their Fees, &c.

C. 134.

59° GEO. Ill,

A.D.1619.

€9*

Compensations to Clerks and *• Sextons.

Commissioners may fix Table of Fees, with Consent of Vesiry, &c.

Pees so fixed may be recovered.

New Churches to become distinct Benefices; but to be served, during existing Incumbency, by licensed Stipendiary Curates, and be deemed One Church.

Right of Patronage of Parishes divided to belong to the Patron of the original Church, and be exercised after existing Incumbency.

And the Churches subject to Laws in force.

Clerk and Sexton refpeftively of the qriginal Parifh; and it (hall be lawful for the faid Commimoners in every fuch Cafe to afcertain and make Compenfation, in manner direfted by the faid recited Aft in Cafes of Compenfation by reafon of Lofs of Fees, for any Lofs of Fees, Dues, Profits and Emoluments which any Clerk or Sexton may fuftain by reafon of any fuch Divifion.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Commiflioner8 and they are hereby empowered to make and fix any Table of Fees for any Parifh, with the Confent of the Veftry or Seleft Veftry, or Perfons exercifing the Powers of Veftry in fuch Parifh, and alfo to make and fix any fuch Table of Fees for any Extra parochial Place, or in or for any Diftrift Chapelry or Parochial Chapelry in which any Church or Chapel fhall be built or appropriated under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, with the Confent neverthelefs, in all fuch Cafes, of the Bifhop of the Diocefe; and all Fees fo fixed may be demanded, received, fued for, profecuted and recovered, by the Spiritual Perfon or Clerk or. Sexton to whom the fame fhall be afligned, in like manner and by fuch and the fame means as any ancient legal Fees of a like Nature may be fued for, profecuted and recovered.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That all Churches which fhall be built or acquired under the Provifions of the faid Aft or this Aft, whether belonging to Parifhes completely divided or to Diftrift Parifhes, fhall immediately after the Confecration thereof become and be deemed to be and be diftinft Benefices and Churches for all Ecclefiaftical Purpofes: Provided always, that during the Incumbency of the then exifting Incumbent of the Pariui, except as hereinafter excepted, fuch Churches fhall be ferved by Kcenfed Stipendiary Curates, appointed by the exifting Incumbent, and fubjeft to all the Laws in force relating to Stipendiary Curates, except as to the affigning Salaries to fuch Curates by the Bifhop of the Diocefe; and every fuch exifting Incumbent fhall, until hut Death or other Avoidance, continue to hold all the Churches of the feveral Divifions of his Parifh as if they were One Church, unlefs he fhall voluntarily refign One or more of them; any Statute or Law againft Plurality of Benefices, or any thing contained in the faid

other Aft or Afts of Parliament, to the contrary

always, and be it further enafted. That the Right of Prefentation and Appointment of the Spiritual Perfons to be the refpeftive Incumbents of or to ferve the Churches of the feveral Parifhes created by the complete Divifion of any Parifh under the Provifions of the laid recited Aft or this Aft, fhall in every Cafe belong to the Patron of the Church of the original Parifh ; mid the Exercife of fuch Right of Prefentation or Appointment (hall commence on the Death or other Avoidance of the exifting Incumbent, except in any Cafe in which the Divifion of any Panfh fhall have been made, or in which the Commifiioners fhall have declared their Intention of dividing any Parifh, before or during any Avoidance, in which Cafes the Exercife of fuch Right of Prefentation or Appointment fhall commence upon the (Jon fee ration of the Church or Churches refpeftively of any fuch Divifion ; and the feveral Churches erefted in and for fuch Divifions refpeftively, fhall immediately upon Confecration become Benefices, and fubjeft to afl the

Laws

recuea J\ct or any notwithftauding. XIII. Provided

A.D. ltfiA.

d3# GEO- III.

C. 134.

635

Laws in force concerning Pfiefen tat ions and Appointments to Benefices and Churches, and Lapfe, and all other Laws, Provifions and Regulations relating to the holding of Benefices and Churches ; any thing in the faid recited Aft or in this Aft to the contrary not-withllanding : Provided always, that the Spiritual Care and Super- Until Incura-intendence of every Parifh fo divided during Avoidance, (hall, until ^nts of Divi-lucumbents (hall have been prefented or appointed for the Divifions ®ons Present^d* thereof, continue in the Spiritual Perfon who (hall be the Incumbent in^i^naT”*111 of the original Pariih j and fuch Spiritual Perfon (hall receive all incumbent. Emoluments accruing and arifmg within the Pariih during fuch Superintendence.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That it fhafl and may be lawful Chumhwar. for the Churchwardens of pny Pariih, with the Confent of the Veftry, dens, with Conor Perfons poffeffing the Powers of Veftry, and with the Confent of v**trT> of the Bifhop and Incumbent, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered, to borrow and raife upon the Credit of the Church Upon Credit of Rates, or of any Rates made under the faid recited Ad or this Rates for Ad, of any fuch Pariih, fuch Sum or Sums of M6ney as (hall Repair of

be neceflary for defraying the Expence of repairing any Churches Churc^e*»

or Chapels; and they are hereby empowered and required, in any

Cafe in which fuch Money (hall have been borrowed, to raife by

Rate a Sum fnfficient from time to time to pay the Intereft of

the Money fo borrowed, and not lefs than Ten pet Cent. of the

Principal Sum borrowed, out of the Produce of fuch Rates, until

the whole of the Moliey fo borrowed (hall be repaid.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for Bodies Politic, dll Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate &c; empowered or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Hulbands, Guardians, Truf-

tees, and Feoffees in Truft, Committees, Executors and Adminif- trom^oreatw trators, and all other Perfons and Truftees whomfoever', not only into Agree-for or on behalf of themfelves, their Heirs and SuccefTors, but alio meats, Ac. and for and on behalf of Ceftuiqiie Trufts, whether Infants, I flue unborn, endow Chapels* Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Perfon or Perfons, and to and for all Femes Covert, Who are or (hall be poflefled of or entitled to or interefted in their own Right, and for every other Perfons whomsoever who (hall be pofleffea of or entitled to or interefted in any Right of Patronage, or of Prefentation or Appointment to any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or of any Spiritual Perfon to any Church or Chapel, or the Performance oi any Ecclefiaftical Duties in any Church or Chapel, to furrender any fuch Right of Patronage, Prefentation or Appointment, Or enter into or make any Agreement relating thereto with the faid Commiflioners, or the Bifhop of the Diocefe, for the purpofe of regulating the fame, according to the Provifions of this Aft; and it (hall alfo be lawful for any fuch Bodies or Perfons as aforefaid to endow, or agree to the Endowment of any Chapel heretofore built out of the Pew Rents thereof; any thing contained in any Aft or A&s of Parliament, or in any Deed or Deeds, or any Trufts relating thereto refpeftively, to the contrary notwithftanding.

* AVI. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Comnrissi«isri Ciommiffioners, in the fame manner and with the like Confents as are required in cafe of Divifion into Ecclefiaftical Didrifts under the ChapelTundar laid recited Aft or this Aft, to affign a particular Diftrift to any CareofiCurates Chapel of Eafe or Parochial Chapel .already exifting, or to any subject to

Y y 4	Chapel	C°mroul of

r Iacumbents.

6"6

C.1S4.

59* GEO. ill

A.D. Wi9.

Commissioner with Consent of Bishop, may determine what Fees for Marriages, &c. shall be assigned.

No Chapelry to become a Benefice by Augmentation, of Curate's Maintenance.

All Acta of Parliament, &c. relating to publishing Banns of Marriage,&e. to apply to Churches and Chapels of Districts.

Apportionments of Glebe, &c. registered in Registry of Diocese, and not inrolled in Chancery.

Chapel built, or which may hereafter be built or acquired under the Powers of the faid Aft or txiis Aft; and fuch Diftrift (hall be under the immediate Care of the Curate appointed to ferve fuch Chapel, but fubjeft neverthelefs to the Superintendence and Controul of the Incumbent of the Pariih Church; and all fuch Curates (hall be nominated by the Incumbent of the Parifh to the Biihop for his Licence, except where the Right of Nomination (hall already be legally yelled in any other Perfon or Perfons, and in every fuch Cafe by the Perfon or Perfons pofleffing fuch Right of Nomination fubjeft to all the Laws in force relating to Stipendiary Curates, except as to the alfigning of Salaries to fuch Curates: Provided always, that it (hall be lawful for the Commiflioners, with theConfent of the Biihop of the Diocefe, to determine whether any and what Part or Proportion of the Fees or Dues for Marriages, Baptifms, Churchings and Burials, lhall be alligned to any fuch Curate, and whether Banns of Marriage (hall be publilhed, and Marriages or Baptifms, Churching# or Burials, (hall be folemnifed or performed in any fuch Chapel, or not; and in any Cafe in which Marriages (hall be allowed in any fuch Chapel, the Commiflioners (hall caufe the Boundaries of the £)illrift afiigned to fuch Chapel to be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery, and in the Office of the Regiflry of the Diocefe, any thing in the faid recked Aft to the contrary notwithllanding ; and no fuch Chapelry lhall become a Benefice by reafon of any Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Curate, by any Grant or Bounty under the Provifion of any Aft or Afts of Parliament, or Law or Laws for augmenting Small Livings; any thing in fuch Aft or Afts of Parliament, or Law or Laws, to the contrary notwithllanding.

XVII.	And be it further enafted. That all Afts of Parliament,

Laws and Cuftoms relating to publifliing Banns of Marriage, Marriages, Chriftenings, Churchings and Burials, and the regifterinr thereof, and to aU Ecclefiaftical Fees, Oblations or Offerings, (hall apply to all Dillrifts and Consolidated or Diflrift Chapelries and Diviiions of any Parilhes or Extra parochial Places, whereof the Boundaries lhall be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft and this Aft; and in the Churches and Chapels whereof Banns of Marriage lhall be allowed to be publilhed, and Marriages, Chrillenings, Churchings and Burials, or any of them, lhall be allowed to be folemnifed, and to the Churches and Chapels thereof, and to the Ecclefiaftical Perfons having Cure of Souls therein, or ferving the fame, in like manner in every refpeft as if the fame refpeftively kad been ancient, feparate and diftinft Parilhes and Pariih Churches by Law, to all Intents and Purpofes.

XVIII. And be it further enafted, That every Apportionment of Glebe Land, Tithes, Modufes and other Endowments and Emoluments, and of any Fees, Oblations, Offerings, or other Ecclefiaftical Dues or Profits, and alfo of all permanent and other Charges made under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, and alfo the Defcription of Boundaries alligned to Chapels under this Aft, in which no Marriages lhall be allowed to be folemnifed, and all Tables of Fees made under the Provifions of this Aft, (hall be regiilered in the Regiftry of the Diocefe to which the Pariih, in relation to which any fuch Apportionment lhall be made, lhall be or

AJX 1819..

59* GEO. III.

C.134,

697)

be locally fituate, and not enrolled in the Court of Chancery j any. thing in the faid recited A61 to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That no Chapel built or acquired under.the Proviiions of the faid recited Aft, which (hall be fituate in any Diftrift Parilh made a Parifh for Ecclefiaftical Pur-pofes under the Proviiions of the faid recited Aft, and which (hall not be or be made the Church of fuch Didrift, (hall be or be deemed to be a perpetual Curacy, or confidered in Law as a Benefice Prefentative under the Proviiions of the faid recited Aft; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Commifiioners of His Majefty *s Woods, ForefU and Land Revenues, by and with the Confent of the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* or the Commifiioners of Hi6 Maiefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* or any Three or more of them, in Writing, or for His Majefty, by any Grant figned by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancqfier for the time being, or for the Duke of Cornwall\ by any Grant figned by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Cornwall for the time being, or for any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or Corporation Aggregate or Sole, to give and grant any Stone, Slate or Timber, or other Materials relpeftively, from any Quarries, Forefts or Waftes belonging to His Majefty or the Duke of Cornwall, gr any fuch Body relpeftively, for or towards the building of any Churches or Cnapels under the Proviiions of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, and any Houfe or Appurtenances and Garden for the Refidence of the Spiritual Perfon who may ferve the Church or Chapel; any thing in any Statute or Aft of Parliament or Law or Charter to the contrary notwithftanding

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Commifiioners of Cuftoms and Excife of England* Ireland and Scot-land refpeftively, and with the Confent and under the Authority in Writing of the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* or for any Three or more of the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treafury for the time being refpeftively, to remit all or any Proportion of the Duties of Cuffom or Excife refpeftively, or to order the fame to be drawn back or repaid, for, upon or in refpeft of any Stone, Slate, Bricks, Timber or other Materials, which (hall be bond fide procured for and ufed in the building of any Churches or Chapels under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft or this Aft; and fuch Duties (hall in every fuch Cafe be remitted, drawn back, or repaid, as the cafe may be, under fuch Rules, Regulations and Reftriftions, and in fuch manner as ihall be ordered and direfted by the Lord High Treafurer or any Three or more of the Commifiioners of His Majefty’s Treafury in that behalf; any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Commifiioners, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered, in any Cafe or Cafes in which they (hall deem it expedient, from the Amount or Defcription of the Population of any Parilh, Town-flrip, Hamlet, Vill, Chapelry or other Divifion of any Parilh, and the .Amount of the Rates paid therein, or any other good and fufficient Caufe, to grant Money for or toward the Purchafe of Sites, or to

treat

No Chapels built under 58 G. c. 45. deemed perpetual Curacies, ’ &c.

Commissioner* of Woods and Forests, &c. with Consent of Treasury, may grant Materials for building Churches and Chapels.

Commissioners of Customs, &e. with Consent of Treasury, may remit Duties of Customs or Ex~ rise on Materials used for building of Churches.

Commissioners may grant Money for providing Sites, without requiring Repayment or Security, as required under recited Act:

A.D. 1319.

'and may purchase or grant Money for purchasing, &c. Cemeteries, &c.

Church or Chapelwardens empowered to lery Rates.

Not deemed Overseen of the Poor.

58 G.3- c.45. § 60.

repealed.

No Application to build or enlarge Church, &c. made, if One third of Proprietors of Messuages, &c. in Value dissent.

Manner of signifying such Dissents.

C. 134.

59° GEO. 111.

treat by themfelves or their Agents for the Purchafe of Sites for the building of Churches or Chapels, with or without Cemeteries, and without requiring or demanding Repayment or Security for the Repayment of the Money fo granted or expended in the Purchafe of fuch Sites or Cemeteries, from the Parilhes or Divifions of PariflieB for which fuch Sites (hall be fo provided 5 and it (hall alfo be lawful for the *iaid Commillioners to purchafe or grant Money for the purchafmg of Cemeteries not within the Bounds of the Parifh for which the fame (hall be provided, or for enlarging Cemeteries or providing additional Cemeteries within fuch Parim reipeftively ; all which Cemeteries, if not within the Bounds of fuch Parifh, fhall, after Confecration, be deemed Part of the Parifh for the Ufe of which they (hall have been purchafed or provided ; any thing in the faid recited Aft, or in any Aft or Afts of Parliament or Law or Laws, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII. And be it further enafted. That it (hall be lawful for any Churchwarden or Chapelwarden of any Parifh or Divifion of any Parifh, or of any Confolidated or Diftrift Chapelry, in which any Rates (hall be made under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, to demand, receive, fue for, levy and recover all fuch Rates, by all fuch Ways and Means as any Church Rates may be demanded, fued for, levied and recovered, as fully and effeftually as if all Powers, Authorities, Provifions, Penalties and Forfeitures relating to the demanding, ftiing for, levying and recovering of any Church Rates, or for any Refufal to pay any like Rates, were fpecially enafted for that rurpofe in the faid recited Aft and this Aft: rrovided always, that any Churchwardens or Chapelwardens appointed under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, (hail not in virtue of fuch Office be deemed Overfeers of the Poor.

9 XXIV. And Whereas it is by the faid recited Aft enafted, 9 that no Application and Offer to build or to enlarge any Church ‘ or Chapel, either wholly or in part, by means of Rates, (hall he 9 made, unlefs Two third Parts in Value of the Proprietors of Mef-

*	fuages, Lands and Tenements within the Pari(h*(hafl have confented

*	thereto in Writing; and it is expedient that fuch Provifion fhould

*	be repealed, and other Provifions made in lieu thereof Be it therefore enafted, That fo much of the faid recited Aft as requires the Confent of fuch Proportion of Proprietors of Lands, in manner direfted by the faid Aft, (hall be and the fame i9 hereby repealed ; and that from and after the paffing of this Aft, no Application and Offer to build or enlarge any Church or Chapel, either wholly or in part, (hall be made, fnor (hall any Church or Chapel Be built or rebuilt or enlarged, or any Purchafe made of arty new or additional Burial Ground, by means [of any Rates upon any ’Parifh^in any Cafe in which One third Part or more in Value, Juch Value" to Fe afcertained by an Average of the Rate for the Relief of the Poor for the preceding Three Years, of the Proprietors of Mef-fuages, Lands and Tenements within fuch Pari(h, whether for ERates of Freehold or Copyhold, or by virtue of Leafes for Terms of Years abfolute, whereof not lefs than Fifteen Years (hall be unexpired, or determinable upon a Life or Lives^ (hall diffimt therefrom ; fuch Diffent to be entered in the Book containing the Proceedings of the Veftry, and to be fignified, in cafe of any future Veftry, within Two Months after any Refolution for the purpofes aforefaid, of

10	fuch

A.D.1819.

GEO. IH.

C.134.

fach Veftry or Select Veftry as aforefaid ; and in cafe of any Veftry already holden, at which fuch Refolution (hall have been palled within Two Months from the palling of this Aft, under the Hands of fuch Proprietors and Perfons interefled as aforefaid; and in cafe of Corporations Aggregate, under the Hand of the Prelident, Head or Chief Member thereof for the time being ; and in cafe of Femes Covert, Minors, infane Perfons and Perfons abfent from the Kingdom, under the Hands of their refpeftive Hu (bands, Guardians, Committees, Truftees, Attornies or Agents, who are hereby refpec-tively authorifed to fign fuch DifTents; and in Cafes of Truftees of Charitable Inftitutions, under the Hands of the major Part of the Truftees, or of any fuch Body of any fuch Truftees as may under their refpeftive Trufts be authorifed to aft in the Execution of the Trufts.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Inhabitants of any Parilh, who fhall be aflembled and prefent at any Veftry, or the major Part of the Inhabitants fo aflembled and prefent at any fuch Veftry, of which Notice (hall have been given upon'Two fucceflive Sundays preceding the Meeting of fuch Veftry, or for Two third Parts of fuch of the Perfons exer-cifing the rowers of Veftry in fuch Parilh as fhall be aflembled at any Meeting, of which due Notice fhall have been given according to the Mode of riving Notices for the aflembling of fuch Perfons, to order and direft the making and railing of any Rate, not exceeding the Amount of One Shilling in the Pound in any One Year, or the Amount of Five Shillings in the Pound in the whole, upon the Annual Value of the Property in the Parilh, for the pnrpofe of building or enlarging any Church or Churches, or Chapel or Chapels, either wholly or in part, by means of Rates, without any further or other or any greater Number of Confents of any Innabitants or Proprietors, or Occupiers or other Perfons ; any thing in the faid recited Aft to the contrary notwithftanding: Pfovided always, that no greater or larger Rate than aforefaid fhall be ordered or direfted to be made or raifed, in relation to any Application or Offer to build or to enlarge any Church or Chapel, either wholly or m part, by means of Kates, if any fuch Proportion of Diflents as are in this Aft fpecified are fignined in Writing in manner direfted by this Aft ; and every fuch Order and Direftion fo made as aforefaid, under the Provilions of this Aft, fhall be imperative upon the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens of the Parilh in which fuch Order fhall be made, who fhall forthwith make and raife, and levy and collcft the Rate fo ordered, for the pur pole of the faid recitea Aft and this Aft, any thing in the faid recited Aft or any other Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwit hftanding ; and every fuch Rate fhall be made, raifed, levied, collefted, received and accounted for in like manner, and with all fuch Powers, Authorities, Provifoes and Regulations, and under and fubjeft to fuch Penalties and Forfeitures, as are in Law applicable to the making, raifing, levying and collefting any Church Rate in any Parilh.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That it lhafl be lawful for the Commilfioners, in any Cafe in which they (hall deem it expedient, from time to time to order and direft that tne Rents of the rews in any Church or Chapel built, acquired or appropriated under the Provilions of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, mall be affigned to

the

<99

Rate not exceeding is. in the Pound in any one Year, or 5a in the whole, may be raised for build* ing or enlarging a ChurcKor Chapel, without such Proportion of Consorts of Proprietors,

&c. as is required by recited Act.

Proviso ae to dissent in case ofa larger Rate.

Order to raise Kate imperative.

Commissioners may assign Pew Rents to Parish, and order a fixed Stipend to Minister,

C. 134.

59 GEO. IIL,

A.D. 18ia

Proviso m to Parish being answerable for more than Amount of Pew Rents.

Application of Part of Surplus.

Surplus of Pew Rents, after such Application, how to be disposed of.

Alignment of Stipend registered.

Appointment of Clerk.

A ppointtnent by Commissioners of Select

the Parifh or Diftrift, and received by the Churchwardens or Chapel-wardens in fuch Parifh or Diftrift, who (hall thereupon be required to pay the Stipend which from time to time may be afligned or fixed under the Provifions of this Aft to the Miniiler or Clerk : Provided always, that the Pariih (hall not in any fuch Cafe be anfwerable to fuch Miniiler or Clerk for any greater Sum in each Year than the Amount of the Rent of the Pews which (hall have been aftually let during the preceding Year in any fuch Church or Chapel; and any Surplus of rew Rents, remaining after Payment of fuch Stipend and other Expences, (hall, except in any of the Cafes next hereinafter mentioned, be invefted in Government Securities, in the Name of Truilees to be appointed by the Biftiop of the Diocefe,and fuffered to accumulate for the purpofe of forming a Fund for the building or purchafing of a Houfe, with the Confent and Approbation of the Bimop, for tne Refidence of the Spiritual Perfon ferving the Church or Chapel; and after the Completion of fuch purpofe, then to the Augmentation of the Stipend of fuch Spiritual Perfon, or to the Reduction of the Pew Rents, or the Increafe of the Accommodation in any fuch Church or Chapel, in fuch manner as (hall be direfted by tne Bi(hop of the Diocefe for the time being.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the Surplus of fuch Pew Rents remaining, after Payment of fuch Stipend and other Expences, (hall, in any Cafe in which the Commiffioners (hall think it expedient, be charged and chargeable with and applied towards the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money which may be borrowed or advanced by way of Loan, at Intereft, or by way of Annuity or other wife, tor or towards the building any fuch Church or Chapel, or for the purchafing any Site or Sites for the fame, and defraying all Expences relative tnereto, and in keeping fuch Church or Chapel in repair; and the Refidue of fuch rew Rents, if any, (hall be paid and applied in manner hereinbefore direfted, or in aid of the Church Rate to be raifed in fuch Pari(h, if the Commiffioners (hall fo think fit; and that it (hall and may be lawful for fuch Churchwardens or Chapelwardens, with tlie Confent of the Commiffioners, to borrow and take up at Intereft, or by way of Annuity or otherwife, any Sum or Sums of Money for or towards the building fuch Church or Chapel, or purchafing fuch Site or Sites, or defraying the Expences relative thereto, upon the Credit of fuch Pew Rents, and by Writing under their Hands to charge fuch Pew Rents, fubjeft to fuch Stipend and Expence as aforefaid, with the Payment to any Perfon or Perfons of any fuch Sum or Sums of Money, with Interefl, or with any fuch Annuity or Annuities as aforefaid, in fuch manner as fuch Churchwardens or Chapelwardens (hall from time to time think fit.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That every Alignment of any Stipend to any Miniiler or Clerk, under the Provifion of the faid recited Aft and this Aft, (hall be regiftered in the RegiRry of the Diocefe to which the Pari(h (hall belong.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That the Clerk in every Church and Chapel erefted, built or acquired, or appropriated under the Provifions of the faid recited Aft or this Aft, (nail be annually appointed by the Minifter of the Church or Chapel.

XXX.	And be it further enafted. That in every Diftrift, Parifh, or Divifion of any Pari(h or Diftrift, Chapelry or Consolidated

Chapeby,

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 134.

701

Chapelry, in which any Church or Chapel (hall be built, acquired Vestry fur Ma-or appropriated under the Provifions of the faid recited A A or this AA, in which there (hall not be a diftinA Veftry belonging ew to fuch DiftriA or Divifion, a SeleA Veftry, confiding of fo many Perfons as (hall be direAed by the Commiflioners in that behalf, (hall be appointed by the Commiflioners, with the Advice of the Bifhop of the Diocefe, out of the fubftantial Inhabitants of the DiftriA or Divifion, or DiftriA Chapelry or Confolidated Chapelry, for the Care and Management of the Concerns of the Church or Chapel, and all Matters and Things relating thereto ; and fuch SeleA Veftry Such Vestry to (hall annually eleA or appoint the Churchwarden or Chapel warden appoint Church . to be named on the part of the Parifti or Chapelry, and (hall eleA or Chapel-new Members of fuch Veftry as Vacancies may arife by Death, wtrdeiw-Refignation or ceafing to inhabit the Parifh ; and proper Pews (hall be afligned and provided in every fuch Church and Chapel for the Ufe of the Church or Chapel wardens thereof

4 XXXI. And Whereas Circumftances may arife in which it may ‘ become expedient and neceflary to alter the Rents at which Pews

*	may be let, in any Churches or Chapels built or provided under

*	the Provifions of the faid recited AA and this AA Be it therefore

-further enaAed, That it (hall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Church and Chapelwardens of any fuch Church or Chapel, and they are hereby Chapel wardens -required, when ordered and direAed fo to do by the Bi(hop of the *,ter Diocefe, with the Cdnfent of the Patron and Incumbent, and in any Cafe in which the Pew Rents (hall have been afligned to the Pari(h, Consent of then with the Confent of the Veftry of the Parifti, to make fuch Patron, &*. Alteration in any fuch Pew Rents as (hall be direAed or approved of, with fuch Confent as aforefaid.

XXXII.	And be it further enaAed, That it (hall not be lawful Pews to be let -for the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens of any additional Church to Parishioner# or Chapel, to let or fell any Pews and Seats, except to Pariftiioners,

during the time fuch Pariftiioners (hall continue to be Inhabitants ^on . Rents

of (he Parifti; and every Sale of any Pew or Seat (hall be fubjeA payable in ad-

to fuch referred Rent a9 (hall have been fixed under the Provifions vance.

of the faid recited AA or this AA, and (hall be by Private ContraA,

and not by Public AuAion ; and all Pew Rents under the faid

recited AA and this AA (hall be payable in advance ; (that is to

fay), One Year's Rent (hall be paid on the Admifiion to tne Pew or

Seat, if fuch Admiflion (hall be given at Lady Day or Michaelmas,

or if at any intermediate Period, then the Proportion of the Half

Year to Lady Day or Michaelmas, as the Cafe may be, and a Half

Year's Rent over and above fuch Proportion ; and thereafter Half

Yearly Payments (hall be made in advance, commencing on the Lady

Day or Michaelmas immediately following the taking of fuch Pew ;

and every fuch Pew and Seat (hall be forfeited and become vacant How Pew

by the Difcontinuance of any fuch Payment in advance for Two foU forfeited.

lowing Half Years ; any thing in the (aid recited AA to the contrary

not withftanding.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaAed, That it (hall be lawful for How far Com-

the Commiflioners to difcharge any Subfcribers towards building nussionew may -an ^ Church or Chapel, wholly or in any part, from the Payment	Sub"

of Pew Rents in the faid Church or Chapel, for a limited time or

for Life, in fuch Proportion to the Amount of their refpeAive Sub- pew Rent*, ic, /crip tions as the Commiflioners (hall fee fit; and to allow any fuch

Subforiber,

a i34.

59* GEO. IH.

A.D. *81».

Unconsecrated Lands, Ac, acquired by Commissioners, to rest in the Crown, and applied as herein mentioned.

Commissioners of Stamps may allow Stamp Duties on Contracts, &c. relating to building Churches.

Parishes, Sec. to furnish Lands when required by Commissioners, for Burial Grounds.

Notice by Commissioners.

PtorfsoVherf Psmshes, fra. ssisUetopie-▼iduswb Land.

Subfcriber, If he fliall remove from the Parifli, to affign the Remainder of fuch Term to any other Parifhioner inhabiting the Parilh.

XXXIV.	And he it further enafted, That if any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which (hall have been acquired by the Conw miffioners under the faid recited Aft and this Aft, whether by Gift or otherwife, (hall happen to remain unconfecrated at the End of the Term of Ten Years therein mentioned, or at any other Determination of any Commiffion granted by His Majefty under the faid recited Aft or this Aft, fuch unconfecrated Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments (hall be immediately veiled in His Majedy, His Heirs and Succeffors, to be applied to the Ufes, Intents and Purpofes for which they were acquired, under the Direftion of His Majedy in Counci); unlefs or until any other Provifton refpefting the fame (hall be made by Authority of Parliament.

XXXV.	And be it furtner enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Commiflioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parch* ment or Paper, to allow the full Amount of the Stamp Duties upon any Deeds, Bonds, Contrxfts, Agreements or Indruments made in relation to the purchafmg or procuring of any Sites, or building any Churches, or purchafing or providing any Materials for any fuen Buildings, under and fubjeft to fuch Rules, Regulations and Re-driftions as (hall be made in that behalf by the Lord High Treafurer or the Commiflioners of His MajeAy’s Treafury of the United Kingdom, or any Three or more of them, for the time being; any thing in any Aft or Afts of Parliament to the contrary notwithHanding.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted, That all fuch Pari(hea and Extra parochial Places as (hall be required by the Commiflioners for executing the faid recited Aft and this Aft, (hall furniih Lands for enlarging fuch exiding Churchyards or Burial Grounds, or for making fuch additional Churchyards or Burial Grounds, as the CoiO-miflioners may deem neceflary to be enlarged or fet out under the Providons of this Aft ; and that as foon as the Commiflioners (hall have fixed upon any Pari(h or Extra parochial Place, as being one in which it is neceflary that the Churcnyard or Burial Ground (hould be enlarged, or that a new Burial Ground (hould be made under the Provifions of this Aft, they (hall give Notice to the Churchwardens thereof, by caufing fuch Notice to be left at their refpeftive Places of Abode, of their Intention to enlarge fuch Churchyard or Burial Ground, or to fet out a new Burial Ground, and of the Extent of Ground which will be required for any fuch purpofe, aad for making a proper Accefs and Approach thereto, and of the Part of the Pari(h or Extra parochial Place within which the fame is required to be provided; and the faid Churchwardens (hall, within the Space of Fourteen Days, call a Meeting of the Veftry of the Parifli or Extra parochial Place, or the Perfons pofefling under any Aft or Afts of Parliament the Powers of Vedry of the Parifli or Extra parochical Place, for the purpofe of taking all fuch Meafures as may be neceflary for providing fuch additional Churchyard or Burial Ground ana Approach thereto as aforefaid ; and in cafe foch Parifli or Extra parochial Place (hall not be able to provide the fame vfrithout Pur chafe, then thp Vedry, or the Perfons pofieifiag as aforefiud the Powers of Vedry, (hall and are hereby required forthwith to proceed to treat for a Piece of Ground and Approach

thereto.

AD. 1819.	59° GEO. III.	jG.134.

thereto, according to fuch Notice, but (hall not coodude any Bargain for the fame without the Approbation of the Commilfioners.

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That all the Powers and Provifions of the laid recited A& or of this A61, which authorife or relate to the Grant, Sale, Conveyance, Purchafe and Refale of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, from or in the Name of or on behalf of His Majefty, or from any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Hufbands, Guardians, Truftees and Feoffees in Trull, Committees, Executors and Adminiftrators, Ceftuique Trulls, Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or any other Perfon or Perfons Whomsoever, to or by the faid Commimoners, for the purpofe of building any additional Churches or Chapels, or the ifluing, advancing, levying or railing, or borrowing or taking up at Interefl, of any Money for any fuch purpofe, ihall be and are hereby declared to be extended to and be applicable in all refpefb, mutatis mutandis, for the Grant, Sale, Conveyance, Purchafe or Refale of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which may be neceflary for enlarging any Churchyard or Burial Ground, or for making any new Burial Ground and Approaches thereto, under the Provifions of this A6fc, and for the ifluing, advancing, levying and railing, or borrowing and taking up at Interefl, of any Money which may be required for any of thofe purpofes, and for repaying the fame by Inftalments or otherwife, in like manner as if all inch Powers and Provifions had been fully repeated and re-ena&ed in this A6t.

XXXVIII.	And be it further ena6ted, That any Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground which ihall, under the Provifions of this A6fc, be added to any exiting Churchyard or Burial Ground, or be appropriated and let apart as and for a new Burial Ground, (hall be, as loan as conveniently may be, confecrated for the Burial of the Dead, according to the Ufage of the United Church of England and Ireland, and fhall for ever thereafter be ufed as and for an additional Burial Ground ; and the Freehold of the Land which fhall be fo confecrated fhall from and after the Confecration thereof vefl in the Perfon or Perfons m whom the Freehold of the ancient Churchyard or Burial Ground of any fuch Parifh or Chapelry where the fame may be Jltuated fhall from time to time be veiled.

XXXIX.	And be it further ena&ed. That it fhall be lawful for the (aid Commiffioners, if they fhould think fit, to alter, repair, pull down and rebuild, or order or dire£l to be altered, repaired, pulled down and rebuilt, the Walls or Fences of any exiting Churchyard on Burial Ground of any Parifh or Chapelry, and to fence off with Walls or otherwife, any additional or new Burial Ground, to be

. let out or provided by virtue of this A61; and alfo to flop up and • dtfcon&inue, or alter or vary, or order to be flopped up and difcon-thaued, or altered or varied, any Entrance or Gate leading into any Churchyard ox Burial Ground, and the Paths, Footways and Passages into, through or over the fame, as to them may appear ufelefs - mad unneceflary, or as they fhall think fit to alter or vary ; provided that the fame be done with the Confent of any Two Juftices of the JPeace of the County, City, Town or Place, where any fuch Entrance, Gate, Path or Paimge fhaH be flopped up or altered; and on Notice feeing sri/ven is the burner and Form preferibed by an A& pafied in tfe Fifty fifth Year of the .Reign of H» prefent Majefty, intituled

An

70S

Powers of 58 G.3. c. 45. as to purchasing Lands for. building Churches, extended to Lands for additional Churchyards, &c.

Additional Burial Grounds to be eons#-erated.

Commissioners may alter, &o, Walls and Fences of Churchyards, and vary, See. Footpaths, &«.

55 C/. 3* c. 68

Rates may be laid on any Parisli for re-Imilding or enlarging the Church.

Money w*y be borrowed upon Rates &c.

‘No Church taken down, &c. if Dissent signified as herein mentioned.

Proviso for free and open Sittings, and for 'Situation and Dimensions of New Pews, and for Tomb Atones, Sec,

C. 164.	,59°	GEO. HL	A.D.	181?.

An Aa to amend an Aa of the Thirteenth Tear of His prefent Mayefiy, for the Amendment and Prefervation of the Public Highways, in fo far as the fame relates to Notice of Appeal againfi turning or diverting a Public Highway; and to extend the Provi/ions of the fame Ad to the flopping up of unneceffary Roads.

XL. And be it further ena&ed. That when any Parifh (hall be defirou8 of extending and increaftng the Accommodation in the Parifh Church, and it (hall be found neceffary or expedient to that end to take down the exifting Church and to rebuild the fame on the fame Site, or on a more convenient Site, it (hall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens of any fuch Parifh, with the Confent of the Veftry, or Perfons poffefiing the Powers of Veftry, and with the Confent alfo of the Ordinary, Patron, Incumbent and Lay Impropriator, if any fuch there be, to take down fuch exifting Church, and to rebuild the fame upon the fame or upon a new Site; and the laid Churchwardens are hereby authorised and empowered to borrow and raife, upon the Credit of the Church Rates, or any Rates made under the laid recited A& or this A61, of any fuch Parifh, fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall be neceffary for defraying the Expence or any Part of the Expence of the taking down and rebuilding fuch Church, and to make Rates for the Payment of the Intereft of fuch Sum or Sums of Money fo to be borrowed and railed, and for providing a Fund, of not (efs than the Amount of the Intereft of the Sum advanced, for the Repayment of the Principal thereof, or for repaying fuch Principal in fuch manner, and at fuch times, and in fuch Proportions as (hall be agreed upon with the Perfons advancing any fuch Money : Provided always, that no Church (hall be fo taken down and rebuilt, by means of any Rates upon any Pari(h, if fuch Proportion of Diffents as are in this A61 fpecified in relation to any Application to build or to enlarge any Church or Chapel, either wholly or in part, by means of Rates, are fignifted in Writing in manner dire&ed by this A& ; and fuch Church, when confecrated, (hall be to all Intents and Purpofesthe Pariih Church of fuch ParHh, for the Celebration of Divine Offices, and the Solemnization of Marriages, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of Englasul: Provided always, that One Half of the additional Accommodation, which (hall be obtained by the rebuilding fuch Church, (hall be fet apart for free and open Sittings; and provided alfo, that all Perfons enjoying any Pews or Sittings within fuch Church, fo to be taken down in virtue of any Faculty or Prescription, (hall have a Pew or Pews, Sitting or Sittings, as near as may be in the fame Situation, and of like Dimenfions, allotted and fet apart for them in fuch new Church ; and that all Tomb Stones, Monuments ■and Monumental Infcriptions, in fuch Church fo to be taken down, (hall be carefully preferved by the Churchwardens, and when the (aid Church (hall be rebuilt, on the fame or a more convenient Site, the faid Tomb Stones, Monuments and Monumental Inicriptions (hall be fet up by the faid Churchwardens, at the Charge of the Parifh, in fuch New Church, as near as Circumftances will admit, in the Situations from whence they were removed in the faid Church fo to be taken down.

‘ XL I. And Whereas particular and fpecial Circumftances may ■ 4 in certain Cafes render it neceffary, for the more effe&ual carrying 4 into Execution the beneficial purpofes of this A£t, in certain Pa-

♦ rdbes,

A.DU0J*.

60° GEO. IIL

C. 13*, 135.

705

*	riHlet, Divifioas of Parilhes, or £xtra parochial Places, tint par*

*	tlcular Afts of Parliament (hould be patted for fuch Pariutes,

*	Dmfions and Places Be it therefore enafted, That it fllall be lawful for the (aid Commifikmers, in any fuch Cafe in which they-fhall deem it proper, to pay or advance Money for the Payment of any Fees which may become due and be payable in either Houfe of Parliament in refpeft of the palfing of any fuch Aft Or Afts of Parliament; and that fuch Fees may be paid out of any Money in the Hands of the Commiffioners, arifing out of airy Exchequer Bills under the Proviiions of this Aft; and that fuch Afts fhall in all other refpefts be confidered as Public Afts.

Commissioner* may discharge the PaHUwMHiS-ary Fees of obtaining certain Acts.

Such Acts to be deemed Public Acts.

CAP. CXXXV.

An Aft to repeal Two Afts, made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Tears of the Reign of His pfefent Majefty, for maintaining and keeping in repair certain Roads and Bridges in Scotland; to provide more effeftually for that Purpofe; and for Regulation of Ferries in Scotland. [13th July 1819.]

*	TT7 HERE AS certain Roads and Bridges, for the purpofe of

*	VV Military Communication, have been taade in the Highlands

*	of Scotland, at the public Expence; which Roads and Bridges

‘ are no longer neceflary for fuch Military Communication, but hr #

*	other purposes fqme of them ought never thelefs to be maintained

< in repair: And Whereas an Aft was palled in the Forty third 43 G. 3. p-8o.

*	Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Aft for 4 granting to His Majefty the Sam of Twenty tkoufand Pounds > to he 4 iffised and off lied towards‘ making Roads and building Bridges in 4 the Highlands of Scotland, and for enabling ike Proprietors cf Land 4 in Scotland to charge their Eftates with a Proportion of the Expense 4 of making Md keeping in Repair Reads and Bridges in the Highlands

*	sf Scotland: And Whereas, in addition to the faid Sum of Twenty

*	tkoufand Pounds, the further Sum of Two hundred and twenty 4 thousand Pounds has at fundry times been-ftnee granted, in further 4 Execution of the faid Aft ; by menus of which many ufeful Roads 4 and Bridges have been made and completed, under feveral Con-

*	trafta and Agreements entered into according to the Provifkww atrd

*	Regulations of the faid Aft : And Wheats another Aft was

*	pafled in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent 54 G. 3. e.104.

*	Majefty, intituled An ASt for maintaining ana keeping ia Repair 4 certain Roads and Bridges made in Scotland for the purpofe of Mih-■4 tstry Communication, and for making more tffedtud Provtfen for 4 maintaining and repairing Roads made and Bridges bwh in Scot-

4 land, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commiffioners for High-	*

4 land Ronds and Bridges i And Whereas another Aft was palled 4 in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, to 55 G.3. c. nr. 4 amend and explain the faid kft recited Aft, which Two Afts

*	require to be amended; and it is expedient that the Provifiona

*	thereof Oiould be confolidated in one Aft May it therefore plearfe Youf Majefty that it may be euafted; and be k enafted by The &ing*i Moft s Excellent Maiefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lards Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That

«	59	Geo.	III.	Z	z	from

C. 135.

59° GEO. IIL

A.D. 1819.

repealed.

Appointmentof Commissioners for this Act, and 43 G. 3. c. Bo.

Commissioners

may appoint

Officers;

and pay Compensation for Service, &c.

What Proportion of the £zpence of repairing Roads and Bridges herein mentioned to be

c, and what by the respective Counties.

Proviso respecting Bridges

43 G.3. c. 8a. and accidentally destroyed.

from and after the paffing of this A&, the {aid Two recited'Ads, paired in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed, and this AA (hall be in force and be executed in lieu thereof.

II. And be it ena&ed, That the Commiffioners appointed in and by virtue of the A61 paffed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Maiefty, (hall be and they are hereby appointed Commiffioners for tne purpofes of .this A A, together with the Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal of Scotland, and the Firft Commiffioner of His Majefty’s Woods, Forefts and Land Revenues in England, who are hereby appointed Commiffioners for carrying this AA, and alio the before mentioned A A, into execution 5 any Three of which Commiffioners (hall conftitute a Quorum, of which One of the Commiffioners appointed by virtue of his Office (hall always be One j. and at all Meetings of the Commiffioners, which Meetings (hall be held in London ar Wcjlminjlcr, the Chairman (hall have the cafting Vote in cafe of an Equality of Votes.

‘ III. And Whereas it is expedient that the Maintenance and

*	Repair of the before mentioned Military Roads and Bridges, and

*	alfo qf the Roads and Bridges made under the Authority of the 4 Parliamentary Commiffioners for Highland Roads and Bridges,

4 fhould be placed under the Dire6tion and Management of the Com-4 miffioners hereby appointed ;* Be it ena&ed, That from and after the paffing of this AA, the faid Commiffioners (hall and they are hereby empowered to appoint and employ an Infpe6tor of foch Roads and Bridges in Scotland as have been made wholly or in part at the public Expence, and fuch other Superintendents or Overleers of Roads and other Officers as they (hall lee fit; and to pay and allow to each and every of them fuch Sum of Sums of Money annually or other wife as the faid Commiffioners (hall think proper, in Com-penfation of their Services, or in Remuneration of any Expences\ incurred by them, or any of them, in Execution of this AA•

IV. And be it ena&ed, That the Military Roads and Bridges, and alfo the Roads and Bridges made and completed purfuant to the faid recited A&, paffed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, and alfo that Part of the Great North Road extending from the Confines of Invemqfsjbire to the Town of DmgwaS, and alfo a Road turning off from the Great North Road at the Novar Deer Park',* and extending to the Town of Tain, (hall be maintained and kept in Repair as follows ; that is to fay, a certain Proportion, being One Fourth Part of the Expence neceflary to maintain and keep in Repair fuch Roads and Bridges (exdufive of the Allowances to the Infpe&or and other Officers appointed by the Commiffioners, which Allowances (hall be wholly defrayed at the Expence of the Public) (hall be paid and defrayed out of the Monies imprefted into the Hands of the Commiffioners by the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, as hereinafter dire&ed; and the Remainder of the Expence of maintaining and keeping in Repair fuch Roads and Bridges, (hall be paid and defrayed by the County or Counties in which the fame (hall be fituated, in the manner hereinafter dire&ed: Provided always, that no Bridge ere&ed pur-fuant to the faid recited A&, and accidentally deftroyed, (halt be again ere&ed or rebuilt by virtue of this A&, unlefs the fame (hall have been included in the Contra& entered into for making the Road 17*	of

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. 135.

707.

i;

of which fuch Bridge forma a Fart; or unlefs the fame (hall be again eroded or rebuilt with the Confent of the faid CommiiTioners, and alfo of the Heritors of the County or Counties in which fuch Bridge may be fituated ; fuch Confent to be given at fome Annual Meeting for the Affeffinent of the Land Tax, or at fome Michaelmas Head Court, or at fome fpecial Adjournment of fuch Meeting, or Head Court.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That where any Bridge dire died to be maintained and kept in Repair by virtue of this Ad (hall be fituated partly in one County and partly in another^ every fuch Bridge (hall be maintained and kept in Repair in the manner direded by this Ad, at the joint Expence of fuch Counties, and the Affeff-naeut hereinafter direded to be made (hall be impofed accordingly ; unlefs any fuch Bridge (hall have been built at the Expence of the Public, and of one of fuch Counties exclufively, in which Cafe that County only (hall be chargeable and charged with a Proportion of the Expence of maintaining fuch Bridge in Repair according to the Provifions of this Ad.

VI.	And be it enaded, That the Commiffioners (hall annually, or oftener if need be, dired Eftimates to be prepared of the Expence requifite for the Repair of the Roads and Bridge? placed under their Dircdion and Management by virtue of this Ad, and they are hereby authorifed to employ proper Perfons (under Contra d orotherw-fe) for the Repair of the fame; the Expence arifing in confequence of fo doing, to be defrayed in the tirft Inftance, and by way of Advance, whoDy out of the Monies to be i mprefted into the Hands of the Commiffioners by the Barons of the Exchequer..

VII.	And be it enaded, That no Road or Portion of Road made for the purpofe of Military Communication in. Scotland, (hall be -maintained and kept in Repair in the manner directed by this Ad, nor (hall the Road from the Novar Deer Park to Tain be maintained and kept in Repair in the manner direded by this Aft, unlefs the Heritors of the County in which any fuch Road or Portion of Road is fituated, at fome Annual Meeting for the Affeffment of the Land Tax, or at fome Michaelmas Head Court, or at fome fpecial Adjournment of fuch Meeting or Head Court, (hall have already made Application to that Effect to the Commiffioners appointed by and under the hereinbefore recited Ads, or (hall hereafter make fuch Applica-

. tion to the Commiffioners appointed by and under this Ad, at the fame time undertaking to conform to the Provifions of the fame, which Undertaking (hall be obligatory upon the Heritors of fuch County; whereupon the faid Commiffioners (hall determine whether it is expedient and proper to confent to fuch Application, and fuch their Confent (if obtained), together with the previous Application <and Undertaking, (hall be notified by the Convener of the County, in the Newfpapers ufually circulated in the Highlands of Scotland!; after which the Road or Portion of Road refpeding which fuch Application (hall have been made (hall be maintained and kept in Repair under the Provifions of this Ad : Provided neverthelefs, that if any Perfon or Perfons. whatfoever, jointly or feverally, (hall make * Application to the Commiffioners, ilating that fuch Perfon or .Perrons are willing to give and will find Security to the Satisfadion of ih* Commiffioners, to pay Three fourth Parts of the Expence necef-fary for the Maintenance and Repair of any Road or Portion of Road made for the.purpofe of Military Communication (or of the

2 z 2	Road

Regulations for Repiir of Bridge situated in Two Counties.

Commissioners to'advance Money for immediate Repair of Roads and Bridge*^

Regulations and Conditions ' •n which Military Roads and the Road from Novar Deer Parfc to Tain, may be plated, under the Provisions of this Act.

I

J5fc6 GEO.-III.

708

C. 136.'

A.D. l8l$

A Sum of Money to be advanced annually by Barons of Exchequer for purposes of this Act.

Security by Fenon who receives the

Commissioners of Supply to assess for purposes of this Act;

in whet manner in Tnvernesa-thire'

46 6. a* e. 6j.

Road hereinbefore mentioned, extending from the tfovar Deer Park to Tain)<> and to conform to the Provisions of this Aft, as far as the fame (hall be applicable to the Circumftances of the Cafe, it (hall and may be lawful tor the Commiffioners thereupon to determine, whether it is expedient or proper to confent to fuch Application; and if the faid Commiffioners (hall confent to fetch Application, and fuck Security (hall be found to their Satisfaftion, fuch Road or Portion of Road (hall be maintained aid kept in Repair under the Provifions of this Aft accordingly.

VIII. And in order to enable the Commiffioners to defray a Proportion, being One Fourth Part of the Expence of maintaining and keeping in Repair the Roads and Bridges which are direfted to be maintained and kept in Repair by virtue of this Aft ; be it enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful for the Barons of the Exchequer in Scdtland, and they are hereby required, upon the Application of the Commiffioners appointed by this Aft, from time to time to iffue their Warrant or Warrants to the Receiver General and Paymafter of Scotland) for Payment out of any Public Money then in his Hands of any Sum or Sums of Money fpecified therein, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five thouland Pounds, in the prefent Year One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen,* to any Perfon duly author rifed by the Commiffioners to receive the fame, for the purposes of this Aft ; and a like Sum of Fite thoufand Pounds in every fubfe-quent Year, to be accounted for by him in fuch manner as the faid Barons (hall from time to time think fit to order and direft 5 fuch Perfon alfo giving good and fufficient Security to the Satiafaftiou of the faid Barons for fuch Monies, and for any other Money which may come into his Hands in confequence of this Aft.

IX. And in order to raife the other Proportion, being Three Fourths bf the Money fo expended, be it enafted, That Afleffinent* (hall be made by the Commiffioners of Supply in the manner herein direfted; that is to fay, the Convener of every County Meeting, at the Annual Meeting of the Commiffioners of Supply which ftaH take place for the Afleffinent of the Land Tax in the Spring of every Year, (hall lay before the Commiffioners of Supply a Copy of this Aft, together with an Account of the Expenditure incurred by Teafon of this Aft, and ohargeable to fuch County, for One Year, up to the Firft Day of January preceding fuch Meeting, fuch Account to be certified upon Oath and tranfmitted to the Convener by the Infpeftor of Roads and Bridges in Scotland, or by the Agent of the Commiffioners, at lead Thirty Days previous to the Twenty ninth Day of April in each Year ; and the Commiffioners of Supply far the County of Invemefs (hall thereupon make an Afleffinent upota each and every Proprietor, Life Renter, or proper Wadfetter of Land, enjoying the Dominium utile thereof (according to the Amount of their refpeftive Rents and Profits, as afiefled to the Property Tax in the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thoufand eight hundred and fourteen, under Schedule A. of an A ft palled in the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Maiedy, intituled An AS forgranting to Hit Majefiy during the prefent IVaT) and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace, forth* additional Rate.s and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties am Profits arifing from Property Profcffions, Trades and Offices, and for rr> peaftng an AS pajfed in the Forty fifth Year of Hit prefent May^ty for

59° GEO. IIL

709

A.D. 1819.

C. 135.

repeating certain Parti of an AS made in tie Forty third Tear of His prifent Majefiy, fir granting a Contribution on tie Profits arifingfrom Property, Profiffions, Trades and Offices, and to confJudate and render 'more efiSuai the Provifions fir cotieOing tie find Duties) ; for fuch Sum or Sums of Money as (hall in the whole repay the Money advanced on behalf of the Heritors of fuch County, for the purposes of this A&, which Sum (hall be paid over to the Commiffioners or their Agent at Edinburgh, from time to time, as the fame may have been collected and levied by the Colle&or, in Payment of Three	x

Fourths of the Expence of the Repair of the Roads and Bridges of the Had County during the preceding Year ; and the Commiffioners in what manner of Supply for the other Counties, wherein are iituate any of the elsewhere, before mentioned Roads or Bridges, (hall order and dire& fuch Sum iff Money as Audi in the whole repay the Money advanced on behalf if the Heritors of the refpe&ive Counties, to be railed and levied and paid in the fame manner as during the laft Two Years j and in cafe any other County (hall be or (luul hereafter become liable to xepay any Sum of Money fo advanced, it (hall and may be lawful for the Commiffioners of Supply of fuch County, at any Meeting which Audi be held in any fuch County for this fpecial purpofe, to order and dire& the way and manner in which fuch Afleflment (hall and nay be made and levied in fuch County, in each and every Year thereafter, either Separately or along with any other Afleflment in fuch County; and a Copy of the Order thereupon to be made, figned by the Prefes of fucn Meeting, (hall be forthwith tranfmitted to the Clerk of the Commiflioners of Supply of fuch County, and the fame (hall be laid by the Clerk of Supply before the Firft Meeting of the Commiffioners of Supply which (hall be held thereafter : and from and after the Receipt of fuch Order, the Commiffioners of Supply of fuch County are hereby dire&ed to proceed accordingly.

X.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That unlefs and until Until other fuch Order fliall have been made and tranfmitted as herein dire&ed. Order, Amm> the Commiflioners of Supply (ball make the Afleflment in the man- emnutotm ner dire&ed by this A& in regard to the County of Jnvemefs : Pro-

, Tided always, that towards paying Three Fourths of any Money advanced for the Repair of Roads and Bridges no County as fuch Audi be aflefled foe a larger Sum than would be railed by a Rate of One Penny in the Pound upon the Renta and Profits aflefled to the Property Tax as aforefaid; but that over and above fuch Rate of Limitation of One Penny in the Pound, the County (hall be aflefled (b as to rail* Assessment One Half (inftead of Three Fourths) of any further Sum of Money advanced for the Repair of Roads and Bridges: Provided always, that no Aflefiinent dire&ed to be made by this A& (batf be made or levied in any Part of the County of Bute, excepting in the Ifle of Arran.

XI.	And be it ena&ed, That every Royal Burgh and Burgh of Anvgfistn be

Regality (hall be aflefled with the County in which it is fituated, for —wed with the pnrpo&s of this A&; and that in making Aflefimeuts, regard ^•County sc-Atall be had to an A& pafled in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign	*	_i

•f His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for qffeffing the Proprietory

of Lands in the County of Rods, and fuch Parts of the Couuties of Cromarty and Nairn as tie in the (aid County of Rofs, towards the Exfence of making and fipporting fish Roads ami Bridges therein ay Jhatl be approved of by the Commiffioners appointed by an A8 paffed in

Zz 3	•the

C.135.

69° GEO. Ilf.

A.D. 181&

Vio

the Forty third Tear of His pbefent Maiefiy^ for making Roads and Building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; alfo to an Aft palled 44/G. 3. c. lxxv. in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for ajfejjing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Inverness towards the Expence of making and fupporting fuck Roads and Bridges therein as Jhall be approved of by the Comsnsfponars appointed by an AS of the lafl Seflion of Parliament for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland ; and alfo to an Aft pafted in 48 G.3. c. cr»' the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for continuing, altering and enlarging the Powers of Jo much of an AS of His prefent Majejty, as relates to making effeSuat the Statute Labour in the Shire of Invernels, and levying a Contribution of Money in lieu thereof and otherwife regulating, making and repairing Highways and Bridges in the faid Shire ; and all Pantiles and Farts of PariJhes and Places and Lands and Edates mentioned in the faid Three lad mentioned Afts, {hall be affeffed for the purpofes of this Aft, in the fame manner that fuch Parifties, Parts of PariJhes, Places, Lands and Edates are direfted to be aJTefied for the purpofes of the faid Three lad mentioned recited Afts.

Commissioners XII. And be it enafted, That it Jhall and may be lawful for the of Supply may Commiffioners of Supply of any County, at the-Annual Meeting at ppoint ccrs.	afiemble to afTefs the Land Tax, to appoint a Surveyor,

Clerk or Clerks, and fuch other Officers as they Jhall think nwef-fary for the due Execution of this Aft, with fuch Salaries or Allowances payable out of the County AJfeflinent, as fuch Commiffioners of Supply Jhall think fit; and from time to time to remove fuch Officers, or any of them, as they Jhall fee Occafion, and ap«> point others, in Cafes of Removal, Refignation or Death.

Application of XIII. Provided further, and be it enafted, That when by any Aft ~ T°,,s> or Afts of Parliament already made or to be made, any Tolls or "busforSta Duties Jhall be applicable, and where any Converfions for Statute tute^Cabour." Labour Jhall have been allocated or appropriated to the Repair of any Road or Bridge made or built purfuant to the faid recited Aft paded in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or to any Road made for the purpofes of Military Communication, all Monies arifing from fuch Tolls and Duties, or fuch Converfions, Jhall and may be applied in the manner in which fuch Monies are direfted to be applied by-any fuch Aft or Afts refpec-tively ; and fuch Monies Jhall be imputed in part Payment of the Proportion of the Expence of fuch Repairs as is not to be borne by the faid Commiffioners; and in making any AJTeJTment purfuant to this Aft, Regard Jhall be had to all fuch Monies as are or may be applicable to the Maintenance and Repair of any Road or Bridge for which any fuch AJTeJTment is made.

Lord Advrate XIV. And be it enafted, That if the Commiffioners of Supply to iustitote Pro- afrembled at any Annual Meeting at which they aftemble to anew Commissioner* Dand Tax, Jhall fail or negleft to make an AJfeffinent in the of Supply, if they f**l to

assets the County.



manner directed by this ACt, or it no Meeting mall bare been holden before which the Account of the Expenditure incurred by reafon of this Aft, and chargeable to fuch County, Jhall have been laid by the Convener in the manner direfted by this Aft, then the Com-mifiioiiers appointed by this Aft Jhall and they are hereby autho-rifed to direft His Majefty’s Advocate General for Scotland^ or to emjJloy any other Perfon to inftitute the necefiary Procefs for com-

...	“	petting

AJX 1819.

59* GEO. III.

C. 135.

711

pelting the faid Commiffioners * of Supply toraife and pay oyer to the faid Commiffioners appointed by this Aft, the Monies which (hall be or become due to them under the Provifions of this Aft.

XV.	And be it enafted. That every Affeffment made purfuant to this Aft (hall be levied and recovered by the Colleftors of the Land Tax of the County within which it (hall have been made, in the fame manner as the Land Tax is or may be levied and recovered, and at fuch time or times as fuch Commiffionera of Supply (hall direft, within Six Months after the Affeffment (hall have been made; and fuch and the like Remedies, Powers, Penalties and Forfeitures are hereby given for the Payment and Recoveiy of every fuch Affeffment, as are given or may be applied and enforced for the ^Payment and Recovery of the Land Tax : Provided always, that every fuch Colleftor (hall give Security for his faithful and true accounting for and paying all Monies to be received by him purfuant to this Aft, in the lame manner that fuch Colleftor gives Security for his faithful and true accounting for and paying all Sums of Money received by him as Colleftor of the Land Tax.

XVI.	And be it enafted. That if any Colleftor of the Land Tax (hall fail or negleft to levy fuch Affeffment, or any Part of fuch Affeffinent, within Six Months as aforefaid, every fuch Colleftor (hall be liable to pay a Sum equal to double the Amount thereof, which Sum (hall be applicable towards the Expence of repairing Roads and Bridges, under the Provifions of this Aft, and for that Purpofe (hall be paid into the Hands of the Commiffioners appointed by this Aft, Three Fourths of the fame to be placed to the Gredit of the Account of the County wherein fuch Default of the Colleftor has taken place ; One Fourth to be added to the Money imprefted into the Hands of the Commiffioners by the Barons of the Exchequer.

XVII.	And be it further enafted. That all Sums of Money received’ by any fuch Colleftor purfuant to this Aft, (hall be remitted by him to the Agent of the Commiffioners, from time to time, as the fame may have been collefted and levied : Provided always, that every fuch Colleftor may retain for his own Ufe, out of all Monies to be fo received as aforefaid, fuch Allowance, not exceeding the Rate of Allowance made for levying the Affeffed Taxes, and for which Allowance Provifion (hall be made in the Amount of each Affeffment, over and above the Sum due to the Commiffioners appointed by this Aft; and if anv fuch Colleftor of the Land Tax (hall fail to remit to the Agent oi the faid Commiffioners at'Edinburgh, on or before the Firft Day of December in every Year, the total Sum due to the faid Commiffioners by virtue of this Aft, luch Colleftor (hall become perfonally liable to pay, and (hall pay to the faid Commiffioners a Penalty, at the Rate of Twenty Shillings for every Hundred Pounds of the faid Affeffment remaining unpaid or un-remitted to the faid Agent for every Day after the faid Firft Day of December, the Payment of which Penalty (hall and may be enforced by His Majeffy*s Advocate General for Scotland; and the Amount of any fuch Penalty or Penalties (hall be accounted for by the Agent of the faid Commiffioners, in the manner in which all the other Sums of Money which (hall come into his Hands in confeduence of this Aft, are hereby direfted to be accounted for.

Z z 4	XVIII.	And

Assessments howto be levied.

Collector ta five Security to account.

Collector neglecting to levy Assessment. Penalty.

Collector may retain Allowance for bis Trouble, and pay over what is due to Agent of Commissioners.

Penalty.

712

Ci 195k '

59? GEO. HI.

a:d.i8j£

Agent to account for such >Iouiew

Commi&Moners to make Rules and Regulations for Repair of Roads, &c.

IVovLo.

Commissioners to report annually to Parliament, and in case herein mentioned, transmit Accounts to Trea-aur/;

and may include in their Report, Proceedings under oilier Acts of Parliament.

Inspector of Roads may dig Gravel, &c. in private Grounds.

' XVIII. And be itfutthef enafted, That all Monies paid over by fuoh Colledor to the Agent of the Commiffioners appomted by this Aft, by virtue of any Affeffrnent to be made purfuant to tins Aft, ft all be accounted for by fuch Agent in the manner in which the laid Sums of Money direfted to be hnprefted by the Warrant of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, or any other Sums of Money which fhall come into his Hands in coniequenee of this Aft, are hereby direfted to be accounted for.

XIX.	And be it enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the Cotnmiffioners appointed by this Aft, and tney are hereby empowered from time to time* to make fuch Rules and Regulations, and to give fuch Orders and Directions as they may think proper for the more efeftual Maintenance and Repair of the Roads and Bridges hereby intended to be maintained and repaired; provided that fuch Rules and Regulations, Orders and Directions, fhall not be inconfiitent with the Laws of Scoilaad, or with the Provifion* of this 'Aft, and fhall be notified to the Perfon or Perfons required to conform to the fame.

XX. And be it enafted. That on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in every Year, a Report fhall be made to both Houfes of Parliament, by the Commimonets appointed by this Aft,

ior if Parliament (hall not then be fitting, within Twenty one )ays after Parliament fhall next meet,) of their Proceedings purfuant to this Aft, with a general Abltraft of their Receipt# and Expenditure in carrying this Aft into execution during the preceding Year; and whenever the Expenditure hereby direfted to be defrayed out of the Monies paid into their Hands by Warrant of the Barons of the Exchequer fhall exceed the Sum hereinbefore limited and appointed for that Purpofe, the faid Commiffioners fiiaU further, at fuch times as they may find neceffaiy, tranfmit an Account thereof to the Lords Commiffioners of His Majefty*s Trea-fury, in order that the fame may be laid before Parliament: And Whereas by fevered Afts of Parliament the faid Commiffioners are and remain charged with the Execution of feveral Public Works in Scotland, other than the making of Roads and building of Bridget, under the Aft of the Forty third Year of the Reign of Hie prefeat Majefty, it (hall and may be lawful for them to include in fuch Report, a Report of their Proceedings under any fuch other Aft of Parliament, with the Execution of which they are or ffiall be charged.

XXI. And be it further enafted. That it fhall add may be lawful for the Infpeftor of Roads and Bridges (to be appointed by virtue of this Aft), to empower fuck Fenbn or Perfons as he in Writing under his Hud fhall appoint, to dig, gather, take and carry away any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Stones, Sand, or other Materials out of the feveral Grounds of any Perfon or Perfons, whether die fame be inclofed or uninclofed, (not being the Ground whereon any Houfe or Buildings ft and, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, planted Walk or Walks or Avenue to any Houfe, or any Piece or Parcel of inclofed Ground fet apart and ufed as a Nurfery for Trees), where fuoh Materials are or may be found, and from time to time to carry away the fame, or fo much thereof as the faid Infpeftor or any Perfon appointed by him as afore-faid fhall judge necefTary for repairing the Roads or Bridges direfted

A.1X1810.

5^ geo. hi.

G185.

7ia

refted to be repaired by this Aft ; and in cafe the faid Materials In what ew

Dull be taken from or carried through any Arable Land, the faid togiye Notice.

Infpeftor, or the Perfon appointed by him as aforefaid, fhall give

at lead Eight Days previous Notice in Writing to the Owners or

Occupiers refpeftively of the faid Ground, where and from whence

the fame fhall be digged, gathered, carried away, or over which

the fame (hall be carried: Provided that it (hall and may be lawful	paid

for fuch Owners and Occupiers to claim Payment for any fuch by County,

Damage out of the Road Affeflinent of the (Jounty wherein fuch

Materials (hall be fituated, for the whole Amount of fuch Damage;

and in cafe of any Difference of Opinion between fuch Owners or Amount of

Occupiers and the Heritors of fuch County, touching the Value Paina?e**?ir

or Amount of fuch Damage, the fame (hall and may be determined determined*

by the Sheriff Depute or Snbftitute of the County wherein fucfc

Materials (hall be fituated, whofe Decifion (hall be final, without

being fubieft to Advocation, Sufpenfion or Reduction; but any

inch Difference of Opinion (hall not in the meantime hinder the

carrying off or ufing the faid Materials for repairing the faid Roads

or Bridges.

XXII.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall and mar be lawful Paatamgefer for the Infpeftor of Roads, or any Perfon authorifed and appointed

by him, to apply to any Proprietor or Occupier of any ram or LirRoSs.

Parcel of Land, for Pafture or Grafs fufficient for the Subfiftence

sf fuch Number of Horfes as may be employed in repairing the

Roads and Bridges kept in repair by virtue of this Aft ; and the

Perfon or Perfons employed in the Repair of fuch Roads, or any

of them, (hall thereupon and he is hereby authorifed to allow tps

Horfes to depafture and feed on any open grazing Ground, giving

at Waft Four Days previous Notice, either verbally or in Writing,

or leaving the fame at the Dwelling Houfe of the Proprietor or

.Occupier of fuch Grounds, or at the Houfe of the Ground Officer,

ip prefence of any credible Witnefs, and paying fuch Sum or Sums

of Money for the Ufe of fuch Pafture as may be deemed a fair

Remuneration; but in cafe of any Difference of Opinion between Remuneration.

the Parties as to the Value of fuch Grazing or Pafture, the feme

fhall be determined and adjufted by the Sheriff Depute or Sheriff

Subftitute of the County wherein tne faid Pafture (Ground (hall be

fituated.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe the Infpeftor Injuring or of Roads and Bridges, or any Perfon appointed by him, fhall obferve obstructing any Nuifances or Encroachments, Obftruftion of Ditehes, Drains,

Gutters or Watercourfes, or any other Annoyances whatsoever,

made, committed or permitted in or upon or to the Prejudice of any of the Roads or Bridges maintained and kept in repair by virtue of this Aft ; or (hall obferve any Timber, Stone, Lime, Peat, Dung,

Soil, Compoft or Afhes, depohted or remaining thereon ; or if any Perfon (hall remove or carry away any Earth, Sand, Gravel or Stones, forming Part of any fuch Roads ; or (hall turn or dam any Water thereon 5 or if any Proprietor or Occupier fhall negleft to cleanfe or Scour any Ditches or Watercourfes anefting the laid Roads, the Infpeftor fhall give or caufe to be given to any Perfon or Perfons xfomg, committing or permitting the lame, Pepfonal Notice, or Notice Notice to rein Writing to be left at his, her or their ufual Place or Places cf move Obstruct Abode, Specifying the Particulars wherein fuch Nuifances, Encroach- lions, Ac.

ments, .

C. 185.

59° GEO. III.

AJ>. 1819.

Persons neglecting to make Repayment to Inspector of Charges and Penalty loL

Order of Justice, Ac. final.

Cattle not to run loose on Roads.

Penalty.

Roads injured fey Carriage of Stoo% Ac.

Proprietor to pay Damage, to Inspector.

Refusing so to do, Proceedings.

Not making Head Ridges, or henling Materials along

Penalty.

ments, Obftru&ions or Annoyances confift ; and if the fame fhall not be removed, and tlie Ditches, Drains, Gutters and Watercourfes effe&ually cleanfed and opened, within Seven Days after fuch Notice (hall have been given as aforefaid, the laid Infpe&or, or the Perfon appointed by him, is hereby authorised and empowered forthwith to remove fuch Nuifances, Obftru&ions and Annoyances, and to open, cleanfe and fcour fuch Ditches, Drains, Gutters and Watercounes; and the Perfon neglecting to obferve and obey the above mentioned Notice, (hall repay to the Infpe&or, or to the Perfon appointed by him, fuch Charges as (hall be adjudged to be reafonable by the Sheriff Depute or Subffitute, or any Juftice of the Peace of the County, and (hall alfo forfeit the Sum or Ten Pounds, and in default of Pay-ment thereof, the fame (hall be levied and recovered, with Expences of Procefs in a fummary Way, before the Sheriff Depute or Sub-ftitute, or any Juftice of the Peace of the County wherein the Offence (hall have been committed, which Sum (hall be paid to the faid Infpe&or, or the Perfon appointed by him, to be paid over to the Agent of the Commiflioners, and to be applied by him in diminution of the Affeffment for repairing Roads and Bridges in fuch County in the next Year ; and in every fuch Cafe the Order or Sentence of fuch Sheriff or Juftice of the Peace (hall be final and eonclufive, without being fubje& to Advocation, Sufpenfion or Redu&ion.

XXIV.	And be it ena&ed, That if any Horfe, Mule, Afs* Cattle, Pigs or Swine, (hall be permitted to run loofe on any of the faid Roads, it (hall be deemed a Nuifance or Obfti^i&ion committed by the Owner thereof, who (hall be liable to Penalty accordingly.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any Proprietor of a Stone Quarry, or of Timber, or other Perfon or Perfons, (hall carry or caufe to be carried any large Quantity of Stone or of Timber, along any Road or Portion of Road hereafter kept in Repair by virtue of this A £1, fo as to cut, deftroy or maniieftly injure the laid Road, fuch Proprietor or other Perfon (hall pay to the Infpe&or of Roads, or any . Perfon appointed by him, fuch Sum or Sums of Money at the Expiration of every Three Months, as (hall by any Perfon, mutually chofen, be deemed fuffident to repair the Damage of the Road thereby occafioned, and. the fame AaJl be forthwith applied in repairing the Road; and in cafe fuch Proprietor or other Perfon injuring the Road as aforefaid, (hall refufe to fettle by fuch Arbitration or otherwife, the Amount of the Sum payable by him or them, after Seven. Days’ Notice given, the Sum be ascertained, and the Payment thereof enforced in a fummary Way, by Procefs before the Sheriff Depute or Sheriff Subftitute, together with Cofts of Procefs.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon (Ml plough any Field contiguous to any Road kept in Repair by virtue of this A6t, without making a Head Ridge dong the Side of. the .Road, of the Breadth of Ten Feet at the leaft; or fhall draw or haul any Tree, Log or Timber, or Stone alpng any Part of fuch Road, otherwife than on a Wheel Carriage, fuch Perfon (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be recovered by the iiune Procefs as any Penalty for otherwise injuring or obftru&ing any Road repaired by virtue of this Aft.

‘ XXVII. And Whereas the Roads hereinafter to be maintained

•by

A.D. 1819.

69” GEO. Ill

C. 135.



‘ by Virtue of this Ad, are liable to be overlhaded and precluded

*	from the full Effect of the Sun and Air by Trees. Bullies or

*	UnderwoodBe it enafted. That all Branches of Trees, Bulhes In what Chats

or Underwoo’	m	” '	Middle	of	any	Trees,	Bushes

e .	«	.	IT-J.__J

his own Expence; and if after Thirty Days* Notice in Writing, ^yed ^ left at his Dwelling Houfe, he fhall not have fo cut down and Sides of the removed fuch Branches of Trees, Bulhes or Underwood, it (hall and Roads, may be lawful for the Infpeftor of Roads, or any Perfon authorifed by him, to cut down and remove the fame, and fuch Infpeftor (hall be entitled to recover the Expence of fo doing from the Proprietor who fhall have refufed or neglefted fo to do.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That no Proprietor or Regulations for * other Perfon whatever fhall hereafter be permitted to plant any Tree planting Tret*

or Trees within Twenty Feet of the North, or North Weft, or South Weft, or Weft Side of the Middle of any fuch Road, nor within Twenty Yards of the South, or South Eaft, or North Eaft, or Eaft Side of the fame; and in cafe any Tree or Trees fhall be fo planted, it fhall and may be lawful for the Infpeftor of Roads to remove any fuch Tree or Trees, and either to deftroy the fame or to apply the fame as Materials for the Repair of any Road or Bridge maintained by virtue of this Aft.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted, That no Perfon fhall hence- Regulation as forth be permitted to ereft any Houfe, Hut or other Building, to Buddings exceeding Five Feet in Height, within Twenty Feet of the Middle

of any of the Roads‘repaired by this Aft ; and in cafe any Building exceeding Five Feet in Height fhall be fo erefted, it fhall and may be lawful for the Infpeftor of Roads to order the fame to be pulled down, and the Materials thereof to be applied to the Repair of the adjacent Road.

* XXX. And Whereas the Side Drains of the Roads maintained 4 by virtue of this Aft are liable to be injured by the Inhabitants 4 of Houfes erefted on the Side of fuch Roads Be it enafted,

That the Path or Road of Approach or Accefs to any fuch Houfe, Injury to Side fhall be made, to pafs over the Side Drain without Injury thereof, by Drains of means of a fufficient Stone Covering or Arch over fuch Drain ; and	P1^"

•very Proprietor or Occupier of any Houfe fo fituated, and not pro- vented-yjded with fuch Stone Covering or . Arch, fhall be deemed to create an Obftruftion in the Side Drain, and fhall be liable in manner aforefaid : Provided always, that no Second Penalty fhall be in- Penalty, curred, until One Month fhall have elapfed from and after any former Conviftion for the fame Offence.

4 XXXI. And Whereas it is neceffary, for the better Occupation 4 of the Lands interfefted by the Roads which are to be kept in 4 repair according to the Provifions of this Aft, that Gates fhould 4 be permitted to be erefted on fuch Roads, under certain Rules and 4 Regulations Be it therefore enafted. That fuch Gates fhall be Regulation of ' wide enough to afford a clear Paffage or Roadway of Eight Feet at Gates on Roads, the leaft, and fhall be framed with Head and Heel Polls and Crofs Bars, properly and firmly faftened together, either by Nails or Mor-tifes, and hung by fufficient Iron Hooks and Hinges to fubftantial (Grate Pofts of Wood or to Pillars of Stone, or of Mafonry, fo that tbe Gate fhall at all times fwiqg clear of the Road, and that fuch grates and.Gate Pofts fhall be kept and maintained in good and

fuch Roads,

Proprietor at or Underwood

*	.	.	arm	tn	Ha	m.

fufficient

Ii6

C. 135*

59* GECX Ill,

AJX 18191

fufficient Repair, as alio the Road, with its Oofs Drain and Side Drain, within One Fall (or Six Yards and Six laches) of each Side of every fuch Gate, at the Expence of the Proprietor or Occupier by whom fuch Gate fhall have been ended ; and in cafe fuch Gate and Road fhall not be fo kept in repair, the faid Proprietor or Occupier (hall be deemed wilfully to caiife an Obftru&ion m the Road, and (hall be liable to the Penalties hereinbefore impofed in that Cafe. Improper Galea XXXII. And be it further ena&ed. That where Gates other to be removed. t}ian fuch M are above defcribed, (hall have been ere&ed, or (hall hereafter be ere&ed, it (hall be competent to the Infpe&or of Roads and Bridges to remove and deftroy the fame, in cale the fame (hall Notice.	not have been removed within Seven Days after perfonal Notice, or

Notice in Writing left at the Habitation or Abode of the Perfon by whom or by whofe Dire&ion fuch Gates (hall have been ended ; and in cafe fuch Perfon fhall not remove fuch Gate within fuch Seven Days, he (hall be liable to pay, and fhall pay to the Infpedor of Roads and Bridges, fuch reafonable Charges of removing and de-ftroying the fame as fhall be allowed and determined by the Sheriff Depute or Sheriff Subftitute of the County in which fuch Gate is or has been fituated; and if the faid Infpe&or of Roads and Bridges fhall not be able to a (certain by whom or by whofe Direction any infufficient Gate fhall have been erefted, in fuch Cafe fcotice immediately after Divine Service on Two fucceffive SumJgyrj publifhed at the Door of the Church of the Parifh wherein fuch Gate has been cre&ed, fhall be held and be deemed to be fuffieient Notice to authorife the faid Infpe&or to remoV and deftroy fuch Gate after Seven Days fhall have intervened from the laft of fuqh Two public Notices as aforefaid.

4 XXXIII. And Whereas Drivers of Carts and Carriages wil-* fully or wantonly, or through culpable Negligence, may drive 4 again ft or fuller fuch Carts and Carriages to ftrike agaixdt, the 4 retaining Walls and parapet Walls of the Roads or Bridge* which 4 are to be maintained and kept in repair by the Provifions of this 4 Aft, or to pafs over or (hike againft Banks or Caufeways apper-Driring aguntt 4 Saining to fuch RoadsBe it ena&ed, That every Perfon guilty Panpets, Ike. of any of thefe Offences, (hall, upon Comphunt thereof before the Sheriff Depute or Subftitute, or any Juftice of the Peace of the Comity where the Offender (hall be or refide, by the Oath of any One credible Witnefs, or upon view of any fuch Magiftrate, forfeit Penalty.	for every of the faid Offences any Sum not exceeding Forty Shil-

lings ; and in default of Payment thereof (hall be committed to Pnfon for any Term not exceeding One Month, at the Difcretion Order^naL	of fuqh Magiftrate, unlefs the fame be fooner paidj and in every

fuch Cafe the Order or Sentence of fuch Magiftrate (hall be final and oonclufive, without being fubie£t to Advocation, Sufpenfien or Driver sitting Reduction j and if any Driver of a Cart paffing along any of the on.friiCart'fcc.; faid Roads fhall fit on his Cart, and allow his Horfe or Horfes to proceed without his holding a double Rein for guiding fuch Horfe or Horfes, or if the Driver of any Carriage, Cart, Car or loaded Horfe, fhall not drive to the Left Hand Side of the Road when meeting any other Carriage, Cart, Car or loaded Horfe open the or pot keeping faid Road) or (hall not lead his Horfe or Horfes when' rea uifiir proper Side of fQ go, fuch Driver (hall, upon Complaint and Proof of the Offence as aforefaid, forfeit and pay the aum of Five ShsHfog* fer

every

JD* GEO. HL

c.i3^isa

717

JtD.1819.

every fuch Offeree; and m default of Payment therebf (hall be committed to Prifon for any Term not exceeding Three Day it. Penalty.

XXXIV.	And for the better Detedion of Drivers hereby made liable to Penalty or Imprifonment, be it enaded, That every Perfon Name and poffeffing a Cart or other Carriage* for the Conveyance of Goods Pl«* °f Abode of any Defcription Upon any Roads repaired by virtue of this A A, Pf °fr?CTito (hall and he is hereby required to mark his Name and Place of	on

Abode on fome confpicuous Part of fuch Cart or Carriage, under Penalty of Twenty Shillings $ and it (hall be lawful for the Ma- Penalty, giftrate before whom the Complaint of Qmifiion herein (hall be made, to detain fuch Cart or Carnage until the faid Penalty (hail have-been paid $ which Penalty as well as all other Penalties impofed by this Ad (not otherwise Specially appropriated), (hall be paid to and received by the Magiftrate before whom Convidion of the Offence (hall have taken place, to be by him paid over to the Fund for the Relief of the Poor of the Parilh in which the Offence fo punifttable (hall have been committed.

C A IP. CXXXVI.

An A€t for the better Regulation of the General Penitentiary for Convrfts at Millbank.	[13 th July 1819.]

*4 IT7 HEREAS by an Ad paffed m the Fifty fixth Year of the 4 W Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS to regulate

*	the General Penkerttidfy far ConviMt at Millbank m the County rf 4 Middlesex, k was among other things enaded, that any Number

*	of Convids, not exceeding Four hundred Male and Four hundred

*	Female Convids, might, with the Approbation of His Majefty’s

*	Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department for the 4 time being, be imprifoned at one and the fame time in the (aid 4 Prifon or Penitentiary, and confined, employed and managed there-4 in under the Provisions of that Ad: And Whereas it is found by 4 Experience that the Number of Male Convids who may be con-4 fined in the faid Penitentiary may cbnvenientlj be iberfeafed : And 4 Whereas it is alfo expedient that the Provifions of the faid Ad 4 fhould be in other refpeds altered, enlarged and amended;’ Be it therefore enaded by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thiiindent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That any Number of Convids, not exceeding Six hundred Male and Four hundred Female Convids, may, with the Approbation of One of His Majefty’s Principal Secretaries of State for the time being, be at one time imprifoned, confined, eny ployed and managed in the faid Penitentiary, under the Provifions of this and the faid recited Ad.

II.	And be it further enaded, That all the Powers, Provifions and Regulations contained in the faid recited Ad, relating to any Perfon under Sentence or Order of Tranfportation for any Offence committed in that Part of the United Kingdom called England and Wale*) and confined in any Gaol or Pnfcln, (hall extend to any PeHbn twder Sentence or Order of Tranfportation for any Offence committed within that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, whether confined in any Gaol or Prifon, or on board any Ship or Veffel provided purfuant to the Provifions of a certain Ad

paffed

56 G^|. c.4*

s*

Number of Convicts allowed to be

Powers of recited Act extended to Convicts confined under Acts of

59* GEO. III.

19 0*3* c. 74.

25 0.3. C.46.

56 G. 3. c. 63. relating to She-rifia, &c. extended to Com-minder* of Prison Ship*.

56 G. 3. c. 63. §7-

repealed

56 G.3. c.63. $ ta,

repealed

56-0.3.0.63. 1*9*

C. 136.

A.D.1819*

pafled in the Nineteenth Year of Hie prefent Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Tranf portation, Imprifonment and other Punijbment of certain Offenders ; or of a certain A& pafled in the Twenty fifth Year of His faid Majefty’s Reign, intituled An A3 for the more cffeBual Tranf portatiom of Felons and other Offenders in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authortfe the Removal of Prifoners in certain Cafes.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That all the Powers, Provifions and Regulations contained in the faid recited A£ of the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid, relating to any Sheriff or Gaoler, (hall extend to any Superintendant or other Commander of any fuch Ship or Veflel or other Perfon having the Cuftody of any Perfon or Perfons who may now or (hall hereafter be confined on board any fuch Ship or Veflel as aforefaid.

< IV. And Whereas it is by the faid A£k ena&ed, that it (hall ‘ be lawful for the faid Committee from time to time, with fuch 9 Approbation as aforefaid, to increafe, diminifh, difcontinue or vary 9 the Number of Officers and Servants to be. appointed for the faid 9 Penitentiary, in purfuance of the Dire&ions aforefaid, except by

*	taking away or difcontinuing any of the Offices of Governor,

*	Matron, Chaplain, and Surgeon or Apothecary to the fame:

*	And Whereas the faid Provifion hath been found inconvenient ;* Be it therefore enadfced, That the faid Provifion (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

9	V. And Whereas it is by the faid A61 ena&ed, that fuch

*	Convifts (hall be employed in Work at the faid Penitentiary every ‘ Day in the Year, except Sundays, Cbrifimas Day, Good Friday, 9 Afcenfton Day, and any Day appointed for a General Faff or < Thankfgiving, and alfo except luch Days when 111 Health will ‘ not allow of their working ; and the Hours of- Work in each Day 9 (hall not exceed Eight Hours in the Months of November, De-9 c ember, and January, Nine Hours in the Months of February and 9 0Sober; and Ten Hours and a half in the Reft of the Year, ex-+ clufive of the time allowed for Meals; provided always, that it

*	(hall and may be lawful for the (aid Committee, by a written 4 Order, to permit any Convidt to labour voluntarily for a longer 9 time than is herein mentioned, upon fuch Conditions as (hall in the 9 faid Order be expreffed: And Whereas the faid Provifion hath 4 been found inconvenientBe it therefore ena&ed, That the faid Provifion (hill be and the fame is hereby repealed.

9 VI. And Whereas it is by the faid A6t ena&ed, that no Officer 9 or Servant of fuch Penitentiary (hall fupply any of the Convidb

*	therein with any Money, Clothing, Provifions or Diet, or with 9 any Spirituous or other Liquors whatfoever, except fuch Money,

*	Clothing, Provifions or Diet as the Governor of the Penitentiary

*	(hall from time* to time permit or diredt, and except fuch Diet and ‘ Liquors as the Surgeon or Apothecary attending fuch Peniten*

*	tiary (hall think proper to order for any fuch Convift in cafe of 9 Illnefs 5 and in cafe any fuch Officer or Servant (hall be found 9 guilty of carrying to any fuch Convidfc, or of knowingly permit-9 ting to be carried to any fuch Convidt any Money, Clothing, Pro* 9 vifions, or Diet or Liquors whatfoever, contrary to the Intent of

*	this A€tf fuch Officer'or Servant (hall immediately be fufpeiaded 9 by the faid Governor! who (hall report the feme to the Committee

4 **

A.D. 1819.

59® GEO. IIL

C.136.	719

*	at their next Meeting; and fuch Committee (hall inquire thereof

*	upon Oath, and lhall punilh fuch Officer or Servant by Forfeiture 1 of Office, and by any Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds, or by

*	either of fuch Puniihmenta, as the laid Committee lhall in their

*	Difcretion think proper; and if any Perfon or Perfons lhall wil-

*	fully fupply any fuch Convidl at any time during the Term of « his or her Confinement with any Food, Drink or Clothing, other ‘ than £msk as lhall have been appointed by the Committee as afore-

*	m or with any Money, he or Ihe fo fupplying fuch Convift lhall 4 for every fuch Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds,

*	nor lefs than Forty Shillings, at the Difcretion of the faid Com-

*	mittee: And Whereas the faid Provilion hath been found incon-

*	venientBe it therefore ena&ed, That the faid Provilion lhall be repealed, and the fame is hereby repealed.

‘ VII. And Whereas it is by the faid A6t ena&ed, that the Go* 56 G.> 0.63.^ ‘ vernor of fuch Penitentiary lhall have Power to hear all Complaints 5

*	touching any of the following Offences committed by any of the

*	Convi&s confined therein; (that is to fay), Difobedience of any 4 of the Orders eftablilhed for the faid Penitentiary, Affaults by one

*	Perfon confined in fuch Penitentiary upon another, when no dan*

*	gerous Wound or Bruife is given, profane Curling and Swearing 4 or indecent Behaviour, Abfence from Chapel or irreverent Beha-

*	viour there, and Idieriefs or Negligence in Work, or wilful Mif-

*	management of it, or wanton Damage or Injury to the Prifon „ or

*	Furniture thereof, all which are declared to be Offences by this 4 Ad$ and the faid Governor may examine any Perfons touching

' 4 fuch Offences, and may determine thereupon, and may punim

*	fuch Offences by ordering the Offender to clofe Confinement in a 4 dark Cell, or by keeping him or her upon Bread and Water only,

4 or by both fuch Puniihmenta, for any Term not exceeding Three 4 Days: And Whereas the faid Provilion hath been found inoan-

*	venient ;* Be it therefore enaded, That the faid Provilion lhall be repealed and the fame is hereby repealed.

4 VIII. And Whereas it is by the faid A& evaded, that if any 5$ G. 3.«. 63.

*	Convid who lhall be confined in any fuch Penitentiary lhall, during § 3$«

4 the Term for which he lhall be fo confined, be guilty of any

4 Offence which the Governor of fuch Penitentiary is not hereby 4 authorised to punilh, or for which the Puniihment which fuch Go-4 vernor is hereby authorifed to inflid lhall by fuch Governor be 4 deemed not fufficient, by reafon of the Enormity of the Offence

*	or the Repetition thereof, fuch Governor may confine fuch Offender 4 either in his or her own Cell, or in a dark Cell belonging to fuch 4 Penitentiary, till the next Meeting of the faid Committee, and 4 fhall in fuch Cafe report fuch Offence, with the time and particular 4 Circumftances thereof, and the Name of the Offender, to the laid 4 Committee; and fuch Committee lhall have Po'wer to inquire upon 4 Oath, and determine concerning all fuch Offences £0 reported to 4 them as aforefaid, and may order any fuch Offender to be punilhed 4 lay dofe Confinement in a dark Cell, with Bread and Water only 4 for Suftenance, for any Term not exceeding One Month, or by 4 removing fuch Offenders if ranked in the Second Clafs into the Firrc 4 Clafs, or by both fuch Punilhments ; and in cafe of Removal 4 into the Firft Clafs, the Offender lhall, from the time of making 4 iuch Order of Removal, remain in fuch Firft Clafs until he or Ihe

* be

7*0

C. 13&

SfPGfEO. in;

A.D. 1619.

repealed.

56 G. 3. c. 63. *4*

repealed.

56 04 3. c. 63. $42-

repealed.

Officers and Servant* may be increased ot diminished by Committee with Consent of Secretary of

Days and Hours of Work of Convicts.

Proviso for

i be tailored to the Second Clafs by Order of the Committee, or * until the Term of his or her Confinement (ball be completed: And 1 Whereas the faid Provifion has been found inconvenientBe it therefore enafted, That the faid Provifion (hall be and the fame ie hereby repealed.

*	IX. And Whereas it is by the faid Aft enafted, that the find Committee (hall report to His Majefty in Council, and to both Houfes of Parliament, all Bye Laws, Rules or Regulations made under the Authority of this Aft, and all Alterations therrin or Additions thereto, within Thirty one Days after the Commence* ment bf the next Seffion of Parliament after fuch Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations, or Alterations or Additions, (hall have been con* firmed by the Juftices of His Mriefty’s Court of King’s Bench a9 hereinbefore is direfted: And Whereas the faid Provifion has been found inconvenient ;* Be it therefore enafted, That the find

Provifion (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

*	X. And Whereas it is by the faid Aft enafted, that if any Convift who (hall he ordered to he confined in the faid Penitentiary (hall at any time during the Term of fuch Confinement break Prifon, or efcape from the Place of his or her Confinement, or in his or her Conveyance to fuch Place of Confinement, or from the Perfon or Perfons having the lawful Cuflody of fuch Convift, he or (he fo breaking Pnfon or efcaping (hall be puniihed by an Addition of Three Years to the Term for which he or (he, at the time of his or her Breach of Prifon or Efcape, was fubjeft to be confined; and if fuch Convift fo pumfhed by fuch Addition to the Term of Confinement, (hall afterwards be convifted of a Second Efcape or Breach of Prifon, he or fhe (hall be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy: And Whereas the mid Provifion has been found inconvenient Be it therefore

enafted, That the faid Provifion (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Committee appointed ot to be appointed in purfuance of the hid recited Aft of the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid, from time to time^ with the Approbation of His Majefty’s Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department for the time being, to incresfo or dtminMh, drfcontiime or vary, the Number of Officers and Servants to be appointed for the faid Penitentiary, in purfuance of the faid Aft, except by taking away or dHcon turning any of the Offices of Governor, Matron, Chaw tin and Surgeon or Apothecary to the fame* or to add fuch new Officers and Servants thereto as may be found ticfeefiary.

XII.	And be it further enafted. That fuch Convifts as (hall be fent to the laid Penitentiary, (hall be employed m Work therein in every Day in the Year, except Sundays, Cbriftmas Day, Good Friday, Afctnfian Day, and any Day appointed for a General Fall or Tlmkfr giving } and alfo except fuch Days when III Health will uot after* of their working, or when the faid Committee (hall think fit for any fpecial Reafon to difpenfe with their working by an Order hi Writ-fog ; and the Hours of Work in each Day drill not exceed Ten Hours and a half exclufivecC the time allowed for Metis:

always, that it (hall and may be lawful for the find Committee, by lj*boun a written Order, to permit any Convift an labour voluntarily for a

feopr

A.D.1819.	59*GEO. III.	G13&	t*l

longer time than is herein mentioned, upon fuch Conditions as in the faid Order (hall be expreffed.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Officer or Servant of No Officer or the faid Penitentiary, nor any other Perfon whatfoever, (hall fupply

or bring in to any of the Convi&s therein any Money, Clothing, ot|jertp^pJ * Provifions, Diet, or other Article or Thing whatfoever, or any supply Convicts Spirituous or other Liquors whatfoever, except fuch Money, Cloth- with mny thing ing, Provifions, Diet, Article or Thing, as the Governor of the whatever, ex-Penitentiary (hall from time to time permit or dire&, and except cePt “ Gover" fuch Diet and Liquors as the Surgeon or Apothecary attending the	or

Penitentiary ffiall think proper to order for any fuch Convict in cafe clandestinely of Illnefs ; and that no Officer or Servant of fuch Penitentiary, nor convey Letters, any other Perfon whatfoever, (hall clandeftinely or otherwife than according to the Rules and Regulations of fuch Penitentiary, bring in to or carry out from any Convidt, or receive for the purpofe of bringing in to or carrying out from any Convidt, any Letter or Paper; and in cafe any Perfon (hall be found fupplying or bringing in to any fqch Convidt any Money, Clothing, Provifions, Diet, or other Article or Thing whatfoever, or any Liquors whatfoever, or of- bringing in to or carrying out from any Convidt, or receive for the purpoie of bringing in to or carrying out from any Convidt, any Letter or Paper whatfoever, contrary to the Intent of this Adt, if fuch Perfon be an Officer or Servant of fuch Penitentiary, he or Punishment of fhe (hall immediately be fufpended by the faid Governor, who (hall Officer or Sec-report the fame to the Committee at their next Meeting, and fuch Tant* Committee (hall enquire thereof upon Oath, and (hall puniffi fuch Officer or Servant by Forfeiture of Office, and if it (hall feem meet to them, (hall caufe fuch Officer or Servant to be profecuted for his or her Offence, before a Juftice of die Peace, who, upon Convidfcion, may forthwith puniffi fuch Officer or Servant by a Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds ; and if fuch Perfon be not an Officer or Servant of If not a Ser-fuch Penitentiary, he or (he (hall for every fuch Offence forfeit a vant> Penalty-Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lefs than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Juftice before whom he or fhe (hall be profecuted and convi&ed.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed. That the Governor of fuch Governor em. Penitentiary, (hall have Power to hear all Complaints touchingr any powered to hear of the following Offences committed by any of the Convidls confined

therein ; (that is to fay), Difobedience of any of the Orders eftab- taiiToffencefc 1 idled for the faid Penitentiary ; AfTaults by one Perfon confined in fuch Penitentiary upon another, where no dangerous Wound or Bruife is given ; profane Curfing and Swearing, or indecent Behaviour; Abfence from Chapel or irreverent Behaviour there, and Idlenefs or Negligence in Work or wilful Mifmanagement of it, or wanton Damage or Injury to the Prifon or Furniture thereof; all which are declared to be Offences by this «A& ; and the faid Governor may examine any Perfons touching fuch Offences, and may determine thereupon, and may puniffi fucn Offences by ordering the Offender to clofe Confinement in a dark Cell, or by keeping him or her upon Bread and Water only, or by both fuch Puniffiments, for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Days; provided always, that Extent of no fuch Puniffiment (hall exceed the Space of Three Days, unlefs Pumihmemt. before the Expiration of that Period the Approbation in Writing of the Vifitor for the time being (hall be had and obtained.

59 Geo. III.	5	A

XV. And

m

<3.13«.

W« GEO. III.

A.D.ieit:

Governor may confine Consists for Of-fences which he cannot punish until neat Meeting df

Committee may determine and may examine tpon Oath, &c.;

and may extend Pun^hment Inflicted by Governor.

Committee to report to Hia Majesty in Council, and to Parliament, all Bye Laws, Ac.

Convicts breaking Prison, &c.

Punishment.

Second Escape, Death*

XV.	And be it further enabled, That if any Convi&, who (hall be confined in the faid Penitentiary, {hall, during the Term for which he or fhe (hall be fo confined, be guilty of any Offence which the Governor of fuch Penitentiary is not hereby authorifed to puaifh, or for which the Punifoment which fuch Governor is hereby authorifed to inflidl fhall by fuch Governor be deemed not fufficient, by reafon of the Enormity of the Offence or the Repetition thereof, fuch Governor may confine fuch Offender either in his or her own Cell, or in a dark Cell belonging to fuch Penitentiary, till the next Meeting of the faid Committee ; and fhall in fuch Cafe report fuch Offence, with the time and particular Circumftances thereof, and the Name of the Offender, to the faid Committee ; and fuch Committee (hill have Power to determine concerning all fuch Offences fo reported to them as aforefaid; and for that Purpofe (if they fhall think fit) to examine any Perfon upon Oath, and may order any fuch Offender to be punifhed by clofe Confinement m a dark Cell with Bread and Water only, for any Term not exceeding One Month, or by removing fuch Offender, if ranked in the Second Clafs, into the Firft Clafs, or by both fuch Punifhments ; and in cafe of Removal into the Firft Clafs, the Offender fhall, from the time of making fuch Order of Removal, remain in fuch Firft Clafs until he or (he (hall be re-ftored to the Second .Clafs by Order of the Committee, or until the Term of his or her Confinement fhall be completed ; and in cafe it (hall appear to the faid Committee that the Puniihment in Aided upon any Offender by the faid Governor, with or without the Approbation of the Vifitor, is inefficient, the faid Committee fhall have Power to extend fuch Punifhment to any Term not exceeding One Month from its firft Commencement, and may further order the Removal of the faid Offender into the Firft Clafs, in the fame manner as if the faid Offender had been originally reported for Punifhment to the faid. Committee.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Committee (hall report to His Majcfty in Council, and to both Houfes of Parliament, all Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations made under the Authority of the faid recited A6t of the Fifty fixth Year aforefaid, and all A iterations therein or Additions thereto, within Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Seffion of Parliament after fuch Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations or Alterations or Additions, fhall have been confirmed by the Juftices of His Majefty’s Court of King's Bench, as in the faid recited A€t of the Fifty fixth Year of His faid Majefty is dire&cd.

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That if any Convi& who fhall be ordered'to be confined in the faid Penitentiary, fhall at any time during the Term of fuch Confinement break Prifon, or efcape from the Place of his or her Confinement, or in his or her Conveyance to fuch Place of Confinemeift, or from the Perfon or Perfons having the lawful Cuftody of fuch Convift, he or (he fo breaking Prifon or efcaping, fhall be pur.ilhed by an Addition, not exceeding Three Years, to the Term for which he or {he at the time of his or her Breach of Prifon or Efcapc was fubjeft to be confined ; and if fuch Convi& fo punifiied by fuch Addition to the Term of Confinement, fhall afterwards be convi&cd of a Second Efcape or Breach of Prifon, he or fhe fhall be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy ; and if any Convi6l who fhall be ordered to be confined

A-D. 1819-	$9* GEO. III.	C.	136* 1J7-	73*

in the faid Penitentiary, (hall at any time during the Term of fuch Attempting to Confinement attempt to break Prifon or efcape from the Place of break Prison, his or her Confinement or (hall forcibly break out of his or her Cell, &c* of (hall make any Breach therein with intent to efcape therefrom, he or (he fo offending, being convifted thereof, (hall be punifhed by an Addition not exceeding Six Calendar Months to the Term Punishment, for which he or (he at the time of committing any fuch Offence was fubjeft to be confined.

XVIIL And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Committee faid Committee to pay to any Perfon, who, having been imprifoned in empowered to fuch Penitentiary, and difcharged from thence either by His Majjefty *s J^^Condct* moft gracious Pardon, or at the Termination of his or her Period of on an(j Confinement, (hall produce to the faid Committee, at the Expiration their Discharge, of One Year after iuch Difcharge, fuch Evidence of his or her good Conduft during that time as (hall be fatisfaftory to the faid Committee, any Sums of Money not exceeding Three Pounds, in addition to fuch Money and Clothing as (hall have been given to fuch Perfon on his or her Difcharge.

XIX.	And it is hereby further enafted, That if any Perfon taking Peijury. an Oath under the Provifions of this Aft (hall wilfully forfwear and perjure himfelf or herfelf in any fuch Oath, and (hall be lawfully convicted thereof, he or (he fo offending (hall fuffer fuch Punifhment

as by Law may be inflifted on Perfons convifted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That all the Powers, Provifions Former Act and Regulations contained in the faid Aft of the Fifty fixth Year to continue in aforefaid, and not hereby altered or repealed, fhall continue in force, force*

and (hall extend and be applied to this Aft, in as full and ample manner as if the fame had been hereby re-enafted.

cap. cxxxvir.

An Aft to enable the Direftors of the Poor of the feveral Parilhcs within the City of Worcejicry and of the ParifheS united therewith, to fell and difpofe of certain Lands, difcharged of all Claims of the Crown in refpeft of any Forfeiture incurred under the Statutes of Mortmain.

-	[13th July 1819.]

«* THE Lands, &c. herein deferibed (hall be freed from all Claims “ of the Crown. Direftors of the Poor may fell the Lands. § 1.

** Receipt of Direftors to be a fufficient Difcharge to Purchasers.

44 $ 2. Agreements to be made for keeping up Roads. § 3. In 44 cafe no Sale is made within a certain time, Land again to become 44 forfeited. § 4. Application of the Money. § 5. Direftors, with 44 Confent of Creditors, may pay Expences of Aft in the firft In-44 Ranee. §6. A certain Piece of Land called Tallow Hill Piece,

44 to continue veiled in the Wardens of the Poor. $ 7.



SAt

CAP.

79*

C. 138.

59* GEO. III.

A. D. 1819.

C.3. «nte.

j8 Q. j. e.j.

38 0 3. c. 60.

CommlflMonen

appointed.

CAP. CXXXV1II.

An Aft for appointing Commiflioners for carrying into Execution an Aft of this Seflion of Parliament, for granting to His Majefty a Duty on Penfions and Offices in England s and an Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of His prefent Majefty, for granting an Aid to His Majefty 4>y a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thonfand feven hundred and ninety eight, [ad July 1819.]

•• YTTHEREASVy an Aft made in this prefent Seflion of Par-4 VV iiamcnt, intituled An Aft for continuing to His Majejly certain 4 Duties on Malty Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff'm Great Britain, and on 4 Penfions, Offices and Perfonal EJlates in England, for the Service of 4 the Tear One thoufand eight hundred and nineteen^ it was enafted,

4 that all and every the Perfons who in and by certain Afts therein 4 mentioned, made in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of the 4 Reign of His prefent Majefty, were named and appointed Com-4 miflioners (duly qualifying themfelves) for putting the feveral Afts 4 therein fpecified into execution within the feveral Counties, Ridings,

4 Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divifions and Places of 4 England, Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweedy fhould be 4 Commiflioners for putting the faid Aft into execution, fo far as 4 the fame relates to the Duty on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal 4 Eftates, unlefa before the Day therein appointed for the Firli 4 Meeting of the Commiflioners for putting the faid Aft into execu-4 tion, fo far as the fame relates to the Duties on Penfions, Offices 4 .and Perfonal Edates, fome Aft or Afts of Parliament fhould be 4 made for naming and appointing fpecial Commiflioners for putting 4 the faid Aft into execution, fo tar as the fame relates to the 4 Duties on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal Eftates: And Whereas 4 it is expedienr that other Commiflioners fhould be appointed for 4 putting into execution an Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of 4 the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A& for granting 4 an Aid to His Majejly by a Land Tax to be raifed in Great Britain, 4 for the Service of the Tear One thoufand feven hundred and ninety 4 eight; of which Aft certain Powers, Provifions, Claufes, Matters 4 and Things were continued for ever by an Aft made in the fame 4 Year, intituled An Aft for making perpetual, fubyeft to Redemption 4 and Pvrchafe in the manner therein fated, the feveral Sums of Money 4 now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Tear, from 4 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thoufand feven hundred and 4 ninety eight;* May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That all and every the Perfons hereinafter named and mentioned; (that is to fay),

[Here follow the Names of the Commijfionersfor England and Wales.]

Being firft duly qualified to aft as Commiflioners of Ihe Land Tax, in manner herein direfted, fhall be and are hereby declared to be Commiffioners for putting into execution the faid recited Aft made in this Seflion of Parliament, fo far as the fame relates to the Duties

OQ

A.D. 181*9.

59° GEO. m.

C. IS8-

T25

on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal Eftates, and alfo fucb of the ^Powers,

Provifions, Claufes, Matters and Things contained in the faid recited Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of 38 G* 3. c. 5. His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for granting an Aid to His Majefty by a Land Tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for. the Service v of the Tear One tboufand feven hundred and ninety eight, as* are continued for ever by the faid recited Aft made in the fame Year within the feveral Countier, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports,,

Towns and Places refpeftively in that Part of Great Britain called England and Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

II. And be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid. That Commissionees all and every the Perfon and Perfons hereinafter named and men-	for

tioned; (that is to fay),*

[Herefollow the Homes of the Commiffioners for Scotland.]

Being duly qualified to aft as Commiffioners of the Land Tax, (hall be and they are hereby declared to be Commiilibners for putting into execution fuch of the Powers, Ph>vifrons, Claufes, Matters ana Things of the faid' recited Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, as are continued for ever by the faid recited Aft of the fame Year, within the feveral Shires, Stew art -ries and Places refpeftively, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland1

I XL Provided always, and be it enafted by the Authority afore- Qualifications . faid, That the feveral and refpeftive Perfons hereby appointed Com- to **

% miffioners, (hall have fuch and the fame Qualifications as are required by the faid recited Aft made in the Thirty eighth Year of the 3 Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 for granting an Aid to His Majefty by a Land Tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tjtar One tboufand feven hundred and ninety eight; and alfo of an Aft made in the fame Seffion of Parliament, intituled 3$ G- 3* c-4& An A3 to alter and amend fo much of an A3 pajfed in this prefent Seffion of Parliament, intituled * An A3 for granting an Aid to His

*	Majefty by a Land .Tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the

* Service-of the Tear One tboufand feven hundred and ninety* eight,* as relates to the Qualification of Commtjjioncrs ; and (hall be fubjeft to the feveral Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the faid recited. Afts refpeftively.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That where in any In whs* cum City, Liberty or Place, the Qualification of a Commiffioner to aft	1“

therein (hall confift of Perfonal Eftate, it (hall be lawful for any Perfon having a Perfonal Eftate of the Value required by the faid fidtion may sc* Afts, or either of them, to aft as fuch Commiffioner in all Cafes where M Commis-fuch Perfon (hall have been taxed, and (hall have paid for fuch nonen. Perfonal Eftate by and upon the laft Affeffment then, made for fuch City, Liberty or Place, by virtue of any Aft for continuing and granting to His Majefty a Duty on Penfions, Offices and Perfonal Inflates in England, paned before the making of fuch Affeflment; any thing in the (aid Afts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithftanding : Provided alfo, that all Perfons who (hall Justices qua-a€t as Juftices of the Peace of or for any County, Riding, Shire lifted may act or Stewartry in Great Britain, being duly qualified as aforefaid, may ^nmSouirh aft as fuch Commiffioners, although not fpecially named in this not spertdly

3 A 3

LOCAL

*726

Ci-r-iiL

in*.

59* GEO- III.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N. B.—The Continuance offuch of the following AQs at are Temporary will be known (where it is not exprefsly fated) by referring to the following Lift} according to the correfponding Letter at the End of the Title.

(*) For 21 Tears, iffc. [i. e. to the End of the next Sejffion] from a Day named in the Ad.

(b) For 21 Tears, &c. from the faffing of the A8.

(*) For 21 Tears, &f. after the End of the Term under former Ads.

The following are all Public Acts j to each of which is annexed a Claufe in the Form following : u And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall be deemed •• and taken to be a Public Adi, and fhall be judicially taken u Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without u being fpecially pleaded*”

Cap. i.

V G* ** V*'	Ad	to con^niie Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of

38 G. 3*. ^ 4J' Three Ads of His late and prefent Majefty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads therein refpedively mentioned and aefcribed, in the County of Tork; fo far as the faid Ads relate to the Road leading from tne South weft Comer of the Inclofures of Harrogate, througn Knarejborough, to Barougbbridge. (£)	[23d	March	1819-]

[Additional Truftees. Former Tolls to ceafe. New Tolls granted1]

Cap. ii#

An Ad for lighting with Gas the City of Briftol, and certain Parifhe* adjacent thereto.	[23d	March	1819.]

Cap. Hi.

An Ad for regulating the Police of the Burgh of Calton and Village and Lands of Mile End, in the County of Lanark; paving, cleanf-ing and lighting the Streets and PafTages of the faid Diftrid ; and for eroding a Court Houfe, Gaol, and a Bridewell or Workhoufe therein* (&) *	[23d	March	1819.}

A.I). 181 ®.	99° GEO. III. £	iv—jx.

Cap. IV*

An Aft to continue the Term and enlarge the Power® of Two Afts pa fled in the Eighteenth and Thirty eighth Years of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for repairing feveral Roads leading from the Town of Maiden Newton, in the County of Dorfet, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Somerfet and Dorfet. (c)	[23d	March 18*9.]

[-Additional Trujlees. New Trujlees. Former Tolls to ceafe. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt.']

Cap. v.

An Aft to incorporate for a further Term the Governor and Company of the Briti/b Plate Glafs Manufacture, (c)	[13d	March 1819.]

Cap. vi.

An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral Afts of His late and prefent Majefty, for repair ing certain Roads therein mentioned, fo far as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar, near Nottingham, to St. Mary's Bridge in jDerby, and from the Guide Pojl, in the Parifh of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry. (b)	[23d	March 1819*.]

[Additional Truflaes.]

Cap. vii.

An Aft for more effeftually repairing the Road from the Qolde* Farmer^ near Bagjhot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertfordbridge Hilly and from thence to Bafingjloie and Ockham,, and from 0diham to the Great Weftern Road at Bartley Heath in the County of Southampton ; and alfo from Odiham aforefaid to a Place called the Bull Inn, in the Parifh of SwallowfAd, in the County of Wilts, on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks, to Bajtngfioke aforefaid. (a)	[23d	March 1819.]

[New Trujlees. Royal Family exempt from Tells,]

Cap. yiii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Afts, for repairing the Road from Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and

. other Roads in the County of Berks, fo far as relates to the Road called The Abingdon DiftriB. (<r)	[23d	March 1819*]

[New Truftees. Additional Trujlees. Royal Family exempt.]

Cap. ix.

Aa Aft for abaKftimff the Payment of certain Tolls called Ingates and Out gates, collected at the feveral Entrances into the Town of JLiverpaely in the County of Lancader, and of certain Tolls and Stallage now payable in the Markets and Fairs there, and for panting other Tolls and Stallage in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the (aid Markets and Fairs. [?£d March 1819*]

TIT

*80.3. c.*j. 38 G. J* c. tkXL

38 G. j. c. xvih

31 G. 2. c- SP

to G. 3. c. 73. 39 G« 3. e.*ik

10 G. 1. c. is. 21 G. 1. c. 16. 30 G. 1. c. 61. 13 O. 3. c. 94* 17 O. 3. c. 84. 29 G. 3. c.88." 38 G.3. c.lxvU»

29 G. 2.

18 G.>sitiu 38 G.> L

26 G.3.C.1*. 5S&3.«.oaWft

C. x—xvi.

59° GEO- in.

A.D. 1819.

72#

Cap. x.

3)G. a. c.&7. An A d for more effedually making, ftraightening, repairing and

*° Jj.3. ©*83. improving the Road from near the Town of Lews to Polegate, in the Parifh of Hatlfbam, and from thence to Eajlboume, and from Polegate to Hatlfbam Common*, in the County of Sujfex• (a)

[23d March 1819-] [,Additional Trvfiees. Afcw Trujlees• -ft 070/ Family exempt. J

Cap. xi.

38G.3*c.xxviii. An A A for Bering, amending and extending the Provifions of an A A puffed in the Fifty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing and altering the Parifh Church of Saint George the Martyr* in the County of Middlesex, and for making further Provifion for the Redor of the faid Parifh, and for improving the Church Yard thereof.	[31ft March 1819.3

Cap. xii*

rt o 834 An Ad for continuing and amending Three Ads of His late and G *^	prefent	Majefty, for repairing the Road from Kighley to Halifax, in

3I# the Weft Ridingof theCounty of Tork. ($)	[31ft	March	1819.]

[Former Tolls to ceafe. New Tolls granted. One half additional Toll on Sundays."] •

Cap. xiii.

An Ad for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or front near the City of CarUfley to the Solway Frith, at or near FilhePs Crofs, in the Parifh of Bownefs, in the County of Cumberland.

[6th April 181913

Cap. xiv.

An Ad to enable the Juftices of Peace for the County of Brecon to take down the	prefent	County Bridge over	the	River Ufk, and to

build Two	new	Bridges	over	the	Rivers	Seuny and UJk in lieu

thereof*	[6th April	1819*]

Cap. xv.

as G. 3. e. 35. An Ad for raifing a further Sum of Money, by Annuities or other-23 G.‘3. c. 32.	wife, for the purpofe of eroding a Worknoufe for the Ufe of the

57 G.3. C.lxxiii.	Poor of the Parifh of Saint John of Wapping% in the County of

Middlefex.	[6th April	1819.]

Cap. xvi.

310.3.0.61* An Ad to enlarge the Powers of Three* Ads of His prefent f 3*	Majefty,	for	paving,	cleanfing and lighting the Streets and other

Pu^c P^ace8 within the King’s Town of Maid/lone, in the County 42 g! 3I c. xc!	and	better	Supplying the Inhabitants with Water ; and

for watching the faid Town, and making public Wharfs therein*

[6th April i8i<^3 [Former Batts to ceafe. New Rates granted.]

A.D.1819,

59° GEO. Ill,

G xvii—xxiv.

7*9

Cap. xvii.

An A ft for lighting with Gas the Town and Parifh of Cheltenham 26 G 3. e.116. and Precinfts thereof, in the County of Gloucejler.	46 G. 3. c. cavil.

[6th April 1819.]

Cap. xviii.

An Aft for more effeftually repairing the Road from the Toll Houfe 26 G. s. c. 86. Beck in the Townfhip of Ireby, in the County of Laneajler, to 18 G. 3 c.113. Kirkby Lonfdale and Kirhhy Kendal, in the County of Wejlmorlandy 6© G. 3. c. ati and through Kirkby Lonfdale to Milnthorp in the laid County, (a) 37 c«clxv.

[6th April 1819.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xix.

An Aft for^nlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His pre- 37G.3.c.«bnii. fent Majefly, for repairing the Road leading from a Place called rcclte<k Morton's Comer, in the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, to the Eaft End of Abington Street, in the Town of Northampton. (r)	[6th	April 1819.]

Cap. xx.

An Aft to alter and enlarge the Powers of The Gas Light and Coke 5© G.3.c.dxiiL Company, and to amend Three Afts of His prefent Majefly re- Charter, 30th lating to the faid Company.	[7th	April 1819.] Q ^ l*mu

Limitations of Powers of § 7. repealed.

Cap. xxi.

An Aft for lighting, watching and cleanfmg Long Lane, in the 56 G. 3.

Parifh of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondfey, in the County of c, lxxxvii. Surreyr, and the Streets, Lanes, PafTages and Places contiguous or adjoining thereto within the fame Panfh.	[7th	April 1819.]

Ca/. xxii.

An Aft for providing that the feveral Highways within the Parifh of Manchefer, in the County Palatine of Laneajler, fhall be repaired by the Inhabitants of the refpeftive Townfhips within which the fame are fituate.	[8th	April 1819.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Aft for fubjefting certain Streets and Places within and adjacent % g. 3. c. 41. to the Parifh of Saint James, Wejtminfler, in the County of Middle- 3 G. 3. e. *3. fex, called Optional Streets, to the fame Rates for paving, clean f- 4 G. 3. c. 39. ing and lighting as the other Streets and Places within the faid £ ^ c. 50. Parifh ; and for altering, fo far as relates to the faid Parifh, certain Xl g?jV«, Afts for paving, cleaning and lighting the Streets and other Places 30 G. 3! £ within the City and Liberty of Weftminfler and Parts adjacent.	hi part repealed,

[8th April 1819.3 * x*

Cap. xxiv.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft of His pre- 38 G.3.c.xlviii. fent Majefly, for repairing the Roads from Alconbury Hill to Wans-ford Bridge, and from Norman Crofs to Peterborough Bridge, all in the County of Huntingdon, (e)	[8th	April 1819.]

[Former Tolls to eeafe. New Tolls granted.']

?30

C xxv—xxvii.

59‘ GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

43 G.j. c.cxii. repealed.

46 G. 3. c.cxxxiii.

50 G. 3. c. cciii. 5* G. 3.

c. clxxxviii.

57 G. 3. c. viii. 46 G. ?. c. cxxxiii* further con* tinued.

31 0-3- *4*

xxv.

An Aft for repairing the Road from Shelton's Lane in Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, to a Houfe formerly called	Spread Eagle

in the Hamlet of StraUon, in the Parifh of Biggie/wade, in the County of Bedford. (a )	[8th	1819.]

[Additional Trujlccs. New Tru/lees.]

Ca/. xxvi.

An Aft for further continuing, until the Firft Day of Augujl One thoufand eight hundred and twenty one, and from thence to the End of the then next Seffion of Parliament, the Powers granted by an Aft of the Forty fixth Year of His prefent Majefty, for enabling the Commiflioners afting in Execution of an Agreement made between the Eajl India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the Tame into Effeft.	[19th	May	1819.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Aft to alter and amend Two Afts of His prefent Majefty's Reign, for making further Provifion for certain Officers of the High Court of Chancery.	[19th May 1819.}

4 TT 7 HE REAS by virtue of an Aft palTed in the Thirty fecoad 4 VV Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An Ad 4 to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the 4 Suitors' Money upon proper Securities, and for applying the Intereft * towards difeharging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General^ 4 and for building Offices for the majlers in Ordinary in Chancery, and 4 a public Office for the Suitors of the fold Court, and Offices for the 4 Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and for building Repofitones 4 for fecuring the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the faid Court, and the 4 Records and Proceedings of the Commijfoners of Bankrupts and Luna-4 tics ; and of feveral Afts in the faid Aft mentioned, divers Sums 4 of Money have been, by virtue of feveral Orders of the faid Court 4 of Chancery, taken out of the common and general Cafh belonging 4 to the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, which lay dead 4 and unemployed in the Bank of England, and have been placed out 4 in the Name of the Accountant General of the faid Court, on 4 Government or Parliamentary Securities; and fuch Government 4 or Parliamentary Securities have been, in purfuance of the faid 4 Aft paffed in the Thirty fecond Year of His prefent Majefty'* 4 Reign, carried to an Account, intituled4 Account of Monies placed 4 out tor the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High 4 Court of Chancery and out of the Dividends and Intereft. of the 4 Securities purchaied in purfuance of the faid feveral Afts, the 4 feveral annual Sums and Salaries, and the feveral other Payments 4 direfted to be made and to be paid, have been from time to time 4 made and paid, and the Surplus Intereft and annual Produce arifing 4 from the laid Securities, beyond what was fufficieut to anfwer the 4 purpofes of the faid feveral Afts, and alfa the Intereft produced 4 from the Securities purchased with fuch Surplus Intereft and 4 annual Produce, have been from time to time, m purfuance of 4 the faid laft mentioned Aft* hid out in the Purchafe of Goven-

4 ment

A.D.1819.

5V GEO. UL

C xxviL

731

4 ment or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name of the Accountant * General of the faid Court, and placed to the Credit of an Ac-4 count, intituled i Account of Securities purchafed with Surplus ‘ Intereft arifing from Securities carried to an Account of Monies 4 placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors 4 of the High Court of Chancery And Whereas by an Aft 55 G. 3. c.lxir. 4 palled in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent 4 Majefty, intituled An Ad for making further Provifion for the 4 Secretary and UJher to the Vice Chancellor of England, and for the 4 Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the High Court of 4 Chanceryy and for providing additional Clerks for the faid Office, it is 4 (amongft other things) enafted, that the Surplus Intereft and 4 annual Produce which (hall arife from the Money placed out and 4 to be placed out on Securities, purfuant to the feveral Afts of 4 Parliament therein before mentioned or referred to, or any of 4 them, beyond what {hall be fufficient to anfwer the purpofes of 4 the faid Afts, (hall from time to time be placed out on Govern-4 ment or Parliamentary Securities, and {hall be placed to the Credit 4 of the faid Account, raifed in purfuance of the faid Aft of the 4 Thirty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled 4 4 Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security 4 of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery/ and which Fund 4 (hall be applied to anfwer the Demands of the faid Suitors of the 4 faid Court of Chancery, in cafe it {hall at any time be neceffary 4 to call in any of the Money of the faid Suitors which had been 4 or might be placed out on Securities : And Whereas by an Aft jg «_iTy. 4 Raffed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His faid prefent 4 Majefty, intituled An Ad to provide additional Salaries to the prefent 4 Clerks in the Report Office of the High Court of Chancery, and to 4 provide additional Clerks for the faid Office, and for making further 4 Provifion for the Clerks in the faid Office, it is (amongft other things )

4 enafted, that the Surplus Intereft and annual Produce, which {hail 4 arife from the Money placed out and to be placed out on 4 Securities, purfuant to the feveral Afts of Parliament therein-4 before mentioned or referred to, or any of them, beyond what 4 (hall be fufficient to anfwer the purpofes of the faid Afts, (hall 4 from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary 4 Securities, and (hall be placed to the Credit of the faid Account,

4 raifed in purfuance of the faid Aft of the Thirty fecond Year 4 of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled 4 Account of 4 Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the 4 Suitors of the High Court of Chancery,’ and which Fund (hall 4 be applied to anfwer the Demands of the faid Suitors* of the 4 faid Court of Chancery, in cafe it (hall at any time be neceffary to 4 call in any Money of the faid Suitors, which had been or might be 4 placed out on Securities: And Whereas fince the palling of the 4 faid recited Afts of the Fifty fifth and Fifty eighth Years of 4 the Reign of His prefent Majefty, the Surplus Intereft and 4 annual Produce arifing from the faid Securities, beyond what was 4 fufficient to anfwer the purpofes of the faid Afts, and of the 4 feveral Afts therein refpeftively recited or referred to, and alfo the -4 Intereft produced from the Securities purchafed with fuch Surplus 4 Intereft and annual Produce, have been from time to time, by 4 virtue of feveral Orders of the faid Court of Chancery for that

4 ptnrpofe, ,

732

C. xxvii.

59° GEO. Ill-

A.D. 1819.

55 G. 3. c. lxiv. S 5* and 58 G. 3. c. lxUi S 7* repealed.

Application of such Surplus Interest and annual Produce.

•	purpofe, laid out in the Purchafe of Government or Parliamentary

*	Securities, in the Name of the Accountant General of the laid

*	Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account, intituled * Ac-4 count of Securities purchafed with Surplus Intereft arifing from

*	Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the 4 Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of

•	Chancery but although the faid Inveftments were placed to the

• Credit of the faid laft mentioned Account, to which the fame 4 corre&ly belonged, yet neverthelefs the fame were not authorifed 4 to be fo done by the faid laft mentioned Adis of the Fifty fifth 4 and Fifty eighth Years of His faid prefent Majefty’s Reign, it 4 having been by Miftake thereby refpedtively diredfed that fuch 4 Surplus Intereft and annual Produce, when laid out in the Pur-4 chale of Government or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name of 4 the Accountant General of the faid Court, fhould be carried to 4 the Account of Monies placed out for the. Benefit and better 4 Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery : And 4 Whereas it is expedient and neceflary that the Provifions in the 4 faid laft mentioned Adis fhould be explained, altered and amended May it therefore pleafe Your Majefty that it may be enadled; and be it enadled by The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That fo much of the faid Adts of the Fifty fifth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, as

* provides that the Surplus Intereft and annual Produce which fhould arife from the Money placed out and to be placed out on Securities, purfuant to the feveral Adis of Parliament thereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or any of them, beyond what fhould be fofficient to anfwer the purpofes of the faid Adis, fhould from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and fhould be placed to the Credit of the faid Account raifed in purfuance of the faid Adi of the Thirty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled 4 Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery,’ and which Fund fhould be applied to anfwer the Demands of the faid Suitors of the faid Court of Chancery, in cafe it fhould at any time be neceflary to call in any Money of the faid Suitors which had been or might be placed out on Securities, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enadled. That the Surplus Intereft and annual Produce which hath arifen and fhall arife from the Monies placed out and to be placed out on Securities, purfuant to the faid feveral Ads of the Fifty fifth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, or either of them, or to the feveral Adis therein mentioned or referred to, or any of them, or to the faid Orders of the faid Court of Chancery, beyond what fhall be fufficient to anfwer the purpofes of the faid feveral Adis ; and alfo the Intereft produced from the Securities purchafed with fuch Surplus Intereft and annual Produce, fhall from time to time be laid out in the Purchafe of Government or Parliamentary'Securities, in the Name of the Accountant General of the faid Court, and placed to the Credit of the faid Account raifed in purfuance of the faid A€t of the Thirty fecond Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled * Account

AJX1819.

59° GEO. in.

C. xxvii, xxviii.

738

count of Securities purchafed with Surplus Intereft anting from v Securities, carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery.*	'

III.	And be it further enaded, That out of the Intereft and Divi- Expenccaof dends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities purchafed and Act, Ac. to be purchafed as aforefaid, the Cofts incurred in procuring and how paffing this Ad, and the Cofts, Charges and Expences of all Proceedings to be had in execution and in purfuance thereof, (hall be

paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the faid Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpofe.

IV.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful to and Lord Chan-for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Jfceeper cellor may

or Lords Commimoners for the Cuftody of the Great Seal of Great	4110	So-

Britain, for the time being, by any Order or Orders of the faid cuntoea*

Court of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities or any Part of the Securities purchafed or to be purchafed purfuant to the faid feveral Ads, or to the Orders of the faid Court of Chancery hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or purfuant to this Ad.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded and declared, That Suitors’ Money for and notwithftanding any of the Provifions contained in this Ad, to he celled in if at any time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Monies

placed out purfuant to the faid feveral Ads, or to the faid Orders of demands of*

the faid Court of Chancery or any of them, or to be placed out in gUcb Suitors.

purfuance of this Ad, (hall be wanted to anfwer any of the Demands

of the Suitors of the faid Court of Chancery, then and in fuch Cafe

the faid Court may and (hall dired the Whole or any Part of fuch

Monies to be called in, and the Securities in which the fame, and the

Surplus Intereft and Dividends hereinbefore mentioned (hall be placed,

to be fold and difpofed of, in order that the Suitors of the faid

Court may at all times be paid their refpedive Demands out of

the common and general Cafh belonging to fuch Suitors.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That this Ad (hall be deemed and Public Act. taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be judicially taken Notice of as

fuch by all Judges, Juftices and others, without being fpecially pleaded.

Cap. xxviii.

An Ad for eftabli(hing an Aflay Office in the City of Glafgow.

[19th May 1819.]

4 TT7 HE REAS the Gold and Silverfmiths and Plateworkers in 4 W and about the City of Glafgow in the County of Lanark,

•	and in the Weftem Parts of Scotland, fuffer great Hardfhip and

*	Inconvenience in the Exercife of their Trades for want of A (layers 4 at a convenient Place to affay and touch their* Wrought Plate ;*

For Remedy whereof, be it enaded by The King's Molt Excellent MLajefty, by and with the Advice and Confent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled,

and by the Authority of the fame, That Robert Gray, William Gray, Company JVtlliam Mitchelly Alexander Mitchell, Donald MiCalfum> James New- constituted lands, Philip Grierfon, Luke Frafer Newlands, William McCulloch 9 John Murray, James Brown Adjheady Robert Wilfon9 James Finlayfon9

Thomas

C. xxviii.

59® GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Their Style.

Warden! to be elected.

New Members to be chosen instead of those dying.

What sort of Persons to be chosen.

Selling Gold Plate not marked as herein mentioned.

Thomas Finlayfon, Robert Reid, John Reid, Robert Duncan, Walter Gray, Peter A it ken, David Macdonald, James Downie, John Paterfon* Andrew Burrell\ John Heron, William Hannay, Robert Turnbull and James Allan, Gold and Silverfmiths and Plateworkers in and about Glafgow, (hall be and are hereby incorporated a Company of or belonging to the faid City of Glafgow, and (hall be called and known by the Name of The Glafgow Goldfmitbs9 Company, and (hall be Members of fuch Company fo long as they live and refide in Inch Town, or within Forty Miles to the Weft and South thereof; which Company (hall be enabled and is hereby authorifed, on or before the Firft Day of July next, to meet at fome convenient Place within the faid City, and choofe Four fit and proper Perfons re-fident in the faid City, or within Ten Miles thereof, by Majority of Voices, to be the Wardens of the faid Company in the faid City, which (aid Wardens (hall continue for the Space of One Year and no longer, unlefs re-elefted by the Company in manner aforefaid.

II.	And be it further enafted, That the faid Company (hall be enabled, and is hereby authorifed and direfted annually on the Firft Monday in July in every Year, out of fit and proper Perfons refident in the faid City, or within Forty Miles to the Weft and South thereof, to choofe, by a Majority of Members prefent at any Meeting to be held for that Purpofe, One or more Perfon or Perfons into the faid Company in the place and (lead of fuch of the faid Company who (hall have died or removed to a greater Diftance than Forty Miles as aforefaid from the faid City ; and alfo to choofe as Members of the faid Company fuch additional fit and proper Perfon or Perfons as fuch Majority may deem expedient or neceffary, from among fuch Perfons as may from time to time lawfully carry on the Trade of Goldfmiths or Silverfmiths or Plateworkers in Glafgow, or within the Diftance thereof aforefaid ; and that immediately thereafter fuch Company (hall be fo filled up or chofen in manner aforefaid, they (hall be enabled and are hereby authorifed and direfted to proceed to the Eleftion of the Four Wardens for the Year enfuing in manner aforefaid ; and if any of the faid Wardens fo chofen as aforefaid (hall happen to die or remove to a greater Diftance than Ten Miles out of Glafgow as aforefaid, then the faid Company (hall within One Month after fuch Death or Removal, choofe another Perfon in manner aforefaid to be Warden in his Room, and fuch Perfon (hall be and is hereby authorifed and required to aft accordingly for the Remainder of that Year.

III.	And be it further enafted, That no Gold or Silverfmith or Plateworker in Glafgow, or within Forty Miles thereof as aforefaid, (hall knowingly put to fale, exchange or fell any Gold Veffd, Plate, or Manufafture of Gold made or wrought in the faid City, or within the Diftance aforefaid, after the Firft Day of July next, or export the fame out of Great Britain, until fuch time as fuch VefTel, Plate, or manufafturcd Gold (fuch Gold Plate being of the Standard of Twenty two Carats of Fine Gold per Pound Troy, or of the Standard of Eighteen Carats of Fine Gold per Pound Troy ; fuch laft mentioned Standard being marked with the Number Eighteen in addition to the Marks after mentioned) (hall be marked as follows; that is to fay, with the Mark of the Worker or Maker thereof, which (hall be the Firft Letter of his Chriftian and Surname,

A.D. 1819.

39° GEO. III.

C xxviii

735

name, and alfo with the Lion Rampant, and with the Mark of the faid Company, to denote the Goodnefs thereof, and to (hew that the fame was afTayed $ and alfo with a diftin6t variable Mark or Letter, which Letter or Mark (hall be annually changed upon the Ele&ion of new Wardens for the faid Company, to denote the Year in which fuch Plate is marked, upon pain that all fuch Gold Plate or other manufa&ured Gold which (hall be made, expofed to fale, exchanged or exported, contrary to this A61, (hall be forfeited, Penalty, or the Value thereof, One Moiety thereof to The King’s Majefty,

His Heirs and Succeffors, and die other Moiety thereof to fucli Perfon or Perfons as will fue for the fame, to be recovered by A&ion in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland; excepting always fuch things as by reafon of their Smallnefs or Thinnels are not capable of receiving a Touch ; and excepting alfo fuch Articles as are fpecially excepted by an A6t of the Twelfth Year of the is G. %. e.a6. Reign of His Majeily King George the Second, intituled An AS for the better preventing Frauds and Abufes in Gold and Silver Wares ; and by another A6f of the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of *4 G. 3. €.53. His prefent Majefty, intituled An AS for granting to His Majejly certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and alfo certain Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in Great Britain.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That no Gold or Silverfmith or Selling Silver Plateworker in Glafgotv, or within Forty Miles thereof as aforefaid, Plate net (hall knowingly put to fale, exchange or fell any Silver Veffel, Plate, maI*ed as or Manufafture of Silver made or wrought in the faid City, or within the aforefaid Diftance thereof, after the Firft Day of July U next, or export the fame out of Great Britain, until fuch time as fuch Veffel, Plate, or manufa&ured Silver (fuch Silver Plate being of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Two Pennyweights of Fine Silver per Pound Troy) (hall be marked as follows ; that is to fay, with the Mark of the Worker or Maker thereof, which (hall be the Firft Letter of his Chriftian and Surname, and alfo with the Lion Rampant, and with the Mark of the faid Company, to denote the Goodnefs thereof, and to (hew that the fame was allayed ; and alfo with a diftin& variable Mark or Letter, which Letter or Mark (hall be annually changed upon the Ele&ion of new Wardens for the faid Company, to denote the Year in which fuch Plate is marked, or Silver Plate of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Ten Pennyweights to be marked as aforefaid, and with the additional Mark hereinafter mentioned, upon pain that all fuch Silver Veffels,

Plate, or other manufa&ured Silver which (hall be made, expofed to fale, exchanged or exported contrary to this A61, (hall be for- Penalty, feited, or the Value thereof. One Moiety thereof to The King’s Majefty, His Heirs and Succeflors, and the other Moiety thereof to fuch Perfon or Perfons as will fue for the fame, to be recovered by A61ion in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland; excepting fuch things as by reafon of their Smallnefs or Thinnefs are not capable of receiving a Touch; and alfo excepting the feveral Wares of Silver as are fpecially excepted by the faid recited A€Ls of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majefty King George the Second, and Twenty fourth of His prefent Majefty, and alfo by another A& paffed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His prefent 3° G 3, 9.31. Majefty, intituled An AS to alter fo much of an AS made ui the Twelfth 7'ear of the Reign. of His late Majefy King George the

Second,

73«

C.XXviii.

58« GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

H G. 3. c. 5J.

The Mark of the Company.

An Aasayer or Aasayen to be appointed.

To enter into Bond to the Master of the Mint in Scotland.

The Awayer's Oath.

Second, intituled 4 An AS for the better preventing Frauds and-Abufes 4 in Gold and Silver Wares f and alfo fa much of another A& made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeftv, intituled An AS for granting to His Majefiy certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported; and alfo certain Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in Great Britain, as relates to the marking of Silver Wares.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That the peculiar Mark of the faid Company dire&ed to be ufed as aforefaid (hall be the Arms of the City of Glajgow.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Company (hall from time to time eleft and choofe in manner aforefaid One or more able and (kilful Perfon or Perfons experienced in the allaying of Gold and Silver to be the A flayer or A flayers, and that fuch Perfon or Perfons fo chofen (hall continue in the faid Office during his or their Life or Lives, unlefs he or they (hall neglect to attend the faid Bufinefs, or (hall die, or be rendered incapable of executing the faid Office of Aflayer; for which faid Aflayer or Aflayers, it (hall and may be lawful to detain Eight Grains only from every Pound Troy of Silver he or they (hall aflay, Four Grains whereof (hall be put into the Box or Diet, and the other Four Grains (hall be allowed him towards his Wade and Spillings in making the (aid Allays; and every Aflayer or Aflayers chofen in purfuance of this A61 immediately sifter his or their Ele&ion or Ele&ions, and before he or they take upon himfelf or themfelves the Execution of the faid Office, (hall enter into a Bond or Obligation to the Matter of His'Majefty’s Mint in Scotland for the time being, with Two fuffi-cient Sureties, to be approved of by the faid Matter, in the Penalty of Five Hundred Pounds for the Execution of the faid Office, and for the due Payment of all fuch Fines and Sums of Money as are and (hall be charged or impofed on him or them by this A6t for Negled or Fraud in the Execution of the faid Office, and (hall alfo take and fubfcribe the Oath following ; videlicet,

4 T A. B. do fwear, That I will be faithful and true to our Sove-4 reign Lord King George, and will, fo long as I continue an ‘ Aflayer, well and faithfully behave myfelf in the faid Office, and no 4 undue Profit to myfelf take, or to any other Perfon whatfoevpr, 4 whether the fame be or not for my own Benefit, to the Hurt or 4 Hindrance of any Perfon that is Owner or Bringer of any Gold 4 or Silver in Plate to be aflayed, except of Wrought Plate only, 4 Four Grains of Silver of every Pound Weight to be taken and 4 put into the Diet Box, and other Four Grains of Silver to be 4 taken likewife of every Pound Weight of Silver Plate wrought 4 (and not otherwrife) towards my Watte and Spillings in making 4 the faid Aflays ; and that I will touch no Gold or Silver but what 4 (hall be of the Goodnefs of and according to the Standard of 4 Great Britain, which for the time being is or (hall be appointed 4 by Law for Wrought Plate, or better; and all fuch Gold and 4 Sliver refpe&ively as (hall be brought to me to be touched, I will 4 carefully examine, to fee if the Gold be of all one Sort of Gold,

4 and the Silver of one Sort of Silver, and of good and fufficient 4 Workman (hip, and whether all the Pieces be fixed together that 4 are intended to be affixed together, and whether it be not charged 4 with unneceflary Solder, and if I find the fame liable to any of the

4 Obje&ions,

A.D.1819.

59° GEO. III.

C.xxviii.

737

4 Obje&ions aforefaid I will not aflay the fame; and that I will 1 truly fet down in Writing all fuch Gold and Silver as (hall be

•	brought to me to be touched, and the fame at all times as I lhall be

•	required will duly and truly deliver again (except eight Grains 4 as aforefaid), and will true Accounts make thereof when required 4 by the Wardens of the Company wherein I am chofen A flayer t 4 and that I will no Allays make of things new wrought before 4 that they be marked with the Mark of the Maker or Owner 4 thereof; and that I will, according to the bed of my Skill and

•	Judgment, make every Aflay fo and in fuch fort and manner as

4 may bed afcertain the true intrinfic Standard of fuch Plate fo to 4 be allayed ; and that I will not put or wittingly fuffer to be put 4 into the aforefaid Box any Gold or Silver but fuch refpe&ively as 4 has been feraped and taken in my Prefence from the Plate which 4 I (hall aflay and pafs for Standard ; and that I will not, by myfelf 4 or in Partnerlhip with any other Perfon, dire&ly or indire&ly, be 4 concerned in the buying or felling of Gold or Silver Bullion, or in 4 the manufa&uring of Wrought Plate.	So	help me GOD.1

Which Oath the Lord Provofl of the City of Glafgow for the time being, or in his Abfence, the Senior Magiftrate of the faid City, is hereby required and empowered to adminiiler to fuch AlTayer.

VII.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be it enabled by the peat** or Authority aforefaid, That if any Perfon chofen AlTayer in purfuance jayf/anotlier*" of this A61 (hall negled to attend the faid Bufinefs, or lhall die, or ^y be ap_

be rendered incapable of executing the faid Office* that then and in pointed*, either of the faid Cafes, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Company to ele& and choofe in manner aforefaid another fit and proper Perfon to be the Allayer in the place and dead of the AlTayer fo negle6ting or dying or being incapable of executing the laid Office.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid Company lhall An Asspy Office

find and provide, within the faid City of Glafgow, a proper Place be provided for an Office for receiving in, aflaying and delivering out all W:rought *	*	■

Plate that fhall be brought to be allayed in purfuance of this A&5

and that all Wrought Plate that fhall be there brought for the

purpofe aforefaid, fhall be weighed and examined by the AlTayer;

and i£ on view thereof, and after weighing the fame in Water, and Proceedings in

trying the Effe& of Magnetifm, the AlTayer fliall have fufpicion of caste of Assayer

Iron or other bafe Metal being introduced, or wrought into or in- suspecting that

corporated therewith, or concealed therein, he lhall thereon forthwitn

warn the Four Wardens to attend, and they lhall, along with the Wrought Plate

AlTayer, fee if fuch Plate brought to be aflayed be all of one Sort brought there

of Gold or Silver, and of good and fufficient Workmanlhip, and to be assayed.

whether all the Pieces be affixed together that are intended to be

affixed together, and whether it be marked with the Maker or Owner’s*

Mark, or be not charged with unneceffary Solder; and that if it lhall be found that fuch Plate is liable to all or any of the Obje&ions aforefaid, that then and in every fuch Cafe the fame lhall be returned without any Aflay made thereof; but if fuch Plate lhall be found free from all the Obje&ions aforefaid, then there lhall be drawn, feraped or cut off fo much from each Piece, in proportion to the Weight thereof, as will not exceed in the whole the Kate of Eight Grains for every Pound Weight; and the Drawings* Scrapings or 59 G*o. III.	3	B	Cuttings

738

C. xxviii.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819*

Plate suspected may be cut in Presence of Wardens, &c. and if base) Metal, &c. found, Plate may be defaced.

Kecom pence for Damage, when no base Metal, &€• found.

Assayer to report to Wardens.

Proceedings

thereon.

Cuttings off (hall immediately after be divided into Two Moieties; and a Moiety of the Drawings, Scrapings or Cuttings off from each Piece, be delivered to the Affayer, wherewith to make his A flays; and the other Moiety (hall be locked up with Two different Locks in a Box to be provided for that Purpofe, (which (hall be called the A flayer's Box,) and the refpe&ive Keys thereof (hall be kept by the Senior Warden and Affayer of the faid Company.

IX* And be it further ena&ed, That if on view of any of the faid Plate fo brought to be affayed, and after weighing the fame in Water, and trying the Effe& of Magnetifm, the Wardens and Affayer, or either of them, when called as aforefaid, (hall have fufpicion of Iron or other bafe Metal being introduced, wrought into, or concealed in any Piece of Plate fo brought to be affayed, then and in fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Wardens and Affayer to cut the fame, or caufe the fame in their Prefence to be cut 5 and if upon cutting thereof, any unneceffary Iron or other bafe Metal (hall be found therein, the (aid Piece of Plate (hall be broken and defaced, and they are hereby authorifed and direded to break and deface the fame; and the laid Plate, or the Value thereof, (hall be forfeited to the faid Wardens and Affayer, and the Produce thereof be by them applied towards the Expences of the Affay Office.

X.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be it ena&ed, That if on cutting fuch Plate as aforefaid, no unneceffary Iron or other bafe Metal (hall be found therein, that then and in fuch Cafe the faid Wardens and Affayer (hall forthwith make a Recompence and Satif-fa&ion in Money to the Owner of fuch Plate, to the frill Amount of the Damage done to the fame, and charge the fame to the Account of the Expences of the Affay Office.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Moiety of the Drawings, Scrapings or Cuttings off of each Piece lo to be brought to the Affay Office as aforefaid, (hall be put in feparate Papers, and marked with correfponding Numbers, and the Affayer (hall make his Report to the Wardens upon each Piece; and fuch of the fdd Numbers as the Affayer (hall report to be worfe than Standard, the Pieces of Plate correfponding with fuch Numbers (hall be broke to Pieces in the Prefence of the faid Wardens to be called as aforefaid, and the Affayer, and returned to the Owner; and fuch Numbers as the faid Affayer (hall report to be Standard, or better, the Pieces of Plate correfponding with fuch Numbers (hall be marked by the Affayer with the Company’s Mark, and delivered to the Owner or Bringer of fuch Plate (he paying for making the Affay thereof fuch Sums of Money as are hereinafter dire&ed to be paid for the fame) ; and the Scrapings belonging to fuch correfponding Numbers which (hall be fo reported Standard or better, (hall be taken out of the #Aflayer*8 Box and be folded up, and the Name of the Maker of

the Plate indorfed thereon, and depofited in a Box to be provided for that Purpofe (which (hall be called the Diet Box), and which Box (hall be locked with Two different Locks, and the refpc&ivc Keys thereof (hall be kept by One of the faid Wardens and Allayer, and which faid Box IhaU never after be opened but in the Prefence of the faid Wardens and Affayer, or any of the Diet taken thereout but for the purpofe of Trial uiereof annually, as hereafter is mentioned; and the Moiety of the Scrapings, Drawings or Cuttings

7	off

A.D.1819.

59® GEO- III.

739

C.*xxviii.

off which (hall be delivered to the Allayer for the purpofe of allaying, or fo much thereof as lhall remain after fuch rrocefs, lhall be put together in the A flayer’s Box, in a Part thereof to be appropriated for that Purpofe, to be difpofed of as by this Aft is hereinafter direfted.

XII.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be it enafted, That if J" pass any Plate fo brought to be affayed (hall be reported to be of the ^rmarhi ^ Standard of Eleven Ounces Ten Pennyweights, or better, that then iud^n the Moiety of the Drawings, Scrapings or Cuttings off from fuch Dfet Boa. Plate lhall be put in the Diet Box, in a Part thereof to be appropriated for that Purpofe, and not blended with the other Diet, to

the intent that the Diet of Plate of each of the aforefaid Standards may be feparately tried on the annual Trial of the Diet hereinafter directed; and fuch Plate of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Ten Pennyweights lhall be marked with the additional Mark of the Figure of Britannia.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That on or before the Firft Gold and Si-Day of July next, every Goldfmith, Silverfmith or Plateworker inha- versmiths to biting the City of Glajgotv aforefaid, or within the Diftance thereof ??lar the“r, aforefaid; and alfo every Perfon who at any time after the faid Firll

Day of July next lhall follow the Trade of a Goldfmith, Silverfmith Wardens wither Plateworker, before he takes upon him to exercife any of the out Fee. faid Trades, within the Limits aforefaid, lhall enter his Name, and his Mark and Place of Abode with the Wardens of the faid Company, which lhall be done by the faid Wardens upon demand, without Fee or Reward; and if any fuch Goldfmith, Silverfmith or Not entering Plateworker lhall not enter his Name and Mark, and Place of Abode Name, Ac. as aforefaid, or lhall ftrike any other Mark on Plate than what is fo entered, fuch Goldfmith, Silverfmith or Plateworker fo offending, lhall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds* to be recovered and difpofed Penalty jcL of as aforefaid.

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That if any Perfon whatfoever Forging, Ac. lhall caff, forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be caff, forged Marks;

or counterfeited, any Mark or Stamp ufed or to be ufed for marking Plate in purfuance of this Aft, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them, or lhall caff, forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be caff, forged or counterfeited, any Mark, Stamp or Imprefiion in imitation of or to refemble any Mark, Stamp or Imprefiion made or to be made with any Mark or Stamp ufed or to be ufed as aforefaid by the faid Company, or by any Maker or Worker of Gol4 or Silver Plate, or any or either of them, or lhall mark or ftamp, or caufe or procure to be marked or or marking Ramped, any Gold or Silver Wrought Plate with any Mark or Stamp ***** whim hath been or lhall be forged or counterfeited in imitation of, or *°rged Marks, to refemble any Mark or Stamp ufed or to be ufed as aforefaid by the laid Company, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of tnem; or lhall tranfpofe or remove, or or removing oaufe or procure to be tranfpofed or removed, from one Piece of Marks to other Wrought Plate to' another, or to any Plated Veffel, or to any Veffel	&c*

of bale Metal, any Mark, Stamp or Imprefiion made or to be made by or with any Mark or Stamp ufed or to be ufed as aforefaid by the faid Company, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or eithor of them ; or lhall fell, exchange or expofe to fale, or selling or or export out of Scotland^ any Gold or Silver Wrought Plate, or exporting put ,

9 B 2	any	Scotland,

740

Plate, Ac. with forged Marks;

or haring in Possession forged Marks.

Transportation for 14 Years. Stamping Plated Goods and base MetaL

Penalty xocL Plate (Exception) to be marked with the Mark of the Company.

Fee for mark* ing.

Proviso for small Parcels or Pieces.

Assayer not to disclose Patterns;

C.xxviii.	.	59°	GEO. III.	A.D. 1819

any Veffel of bale Metal, with any filch forged or counterfeit Mark, Stamp for Impreflion thereon, or any Mark, Stamp or Impreffion which hath been or (hall be tranfpoled or removed from any other Piece of Plate, knowing fuch Mark, Stamp or Impreffion to be forged, counterfeited or tranfpofed or removed as aforefaid ; or (hall wilfully or knowingly have or be poffeffed of any Mark or Stamp which hath been or (hall be forged or counterfeited in imitation of or to refemble any Mark or Stamp ufed or to be ufed as aforefaid by the faid Company, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them, every fuch Perfon offending in any, each or either of the Cafes aforefaid, being thereof lawfully con-vided, (hall, by Order of the Court before whom fuch Offender (hall be convided, be tranfported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That if any Working Goldfmith or Silverfmith, or Dealer in Wrought Plate, or any Worker or Dealer in any other Metal, plated or covered with Gold or Silver, (hall (trike or caufe to be (truck any Letter or Letters upon any Veffel or other thing made of Metal, plated or covered with Gold or Silver, or upon Metal Veffel or other thing made to look like Gold or Silver, fuch Perfon or Perfons fo offending (hall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and ffifpofed of as aforefaid.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That all and every Goldfinith, Silverfmith and Plateworker, (hall firff fix his or their Mark upon his or their Plate which (hall be made from and after the Firft Day of July next (except fuch things which, by reafon of their SmaUnels or Thumefs, are not capable of receiving the Touch, and alio excepting the feveral Wares excepted by the faid recited Ads), and (hall then bring or fend the fame to the Office of the laid Company, where they (hall have entered their Mark and Place of Abode, and the fame (hall be there affayed according to this Ad ; and if by the Affayer it (hall be found to be of the Finenefs of Standard which for the time being is orj (hall be appointed by Law for Wrought Plate, or better, then the fame (hall be marked with the Mark of the faid Company, and of the Aflayer; and that it flxafl and may be lawful to and for the faid Affayer, or fuch other Perfon as the Wardens for the time being of the laid Company (hall appoint, to a(k, demand, take and receive of and from all and every fuch Perfon and Perfons as (hall from time to time bring to the AJay Office belonging to the faid Company any Piece or Parcel of Wrought Plate to be affayed, tried and marked, fuch Prices, Sums of Money or Rewards as they (haU think fit, lo as fuch Prices, Sums of Money or Rewards do not exceed the Sum of One Shilling and b;xpence lor every Pound Troy of Plate, and fo proportionality for every greater or lefs Quantity fo affayed and marked : Provided nevertheless, that if any Parcel or (ingle Piece of Wrought Plate (hall be brought or lent to the faid Office to be affayed, which, according to the Rate or Price hereinbefore limited, (hall not amount to the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, then there (haU be paid for affaying and marking fuch Parcel or fingle Piece of Wrought Plate, a Sum of Money or Reward not exceeding One Shilling and Sixpence, any thing hereiu contained to the contrary in anywife notwithilanding.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That the Aiayers fo to be chofen by virtue of this Ad as aforefaid, (hall not difeover by

Defcripbon,

A.D.181&

59° GEO. IIL

C. xxviii.

741

Defcription, in Words or otherwife, to any Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, any Pattern, Delign or Invention of any Piece of Gold or Silver Plate brought or to be brought to the Office to be affayed as aforefaid, or permit the fame to be viewed or feen by any Perfon whatfoever but the Wardens and other Perfons neceffarily employed or to be employed in the faid Office ; and alfo (hall keep a Book or to keep a Book Books wherein (hall be entered the Names of every Owner of Plate for Entry of brought to be allayed, and the Affortment of Plate a flayed, and Qirn^of an Account of the Money received for the affaying thereof, and pute brought likewife an Account of the Monies arifmg from the Scrapings and to be assayed. Cuttings off of the faid Plate fo brought to be affayed, when the fame (hall be fold in manner hereinafter dire&ed, and alfo ~n Account of the Officers and Servants, Salaries and Wages, and other incidental Expences attending the carrying this Adi into execution $ and that every Member of the faid Company (hall have free Accefs to the faid Books and Infpedfcion thereof; and any A flayer who (hall Amycr offend-fo difcover any Pattern or Invention as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch “g»	t

Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, Penalty icl. to be recovered and applied in manner hereinafter prefcribed.

XVIIL And be it further enadted, That the Marks of the faid Mark* to bo Company (hall be locked up in a Box, whereof the Key (hall be *°ckad up. kept by the Affayer of the faid Company, to be ufed by him for the purpofe of marking the Plate which (hall have been affayed and reported Standard; and if the Affayer (hall mark or fuffer to be Marking Plain marked with the Company’s Mark any Plate that has not been duly °<* duly as-affayed and found Standard, he (hall forfeit and pay the Sum of **?**,

Ten Pounds Sterling, to be recovered and diipofed of in manner here- Penalty xcl. inafter mentioned, and (hall be turned out or his Office, and be rendered ever after incapable of exercifing the Office of an Affayer.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Affayer of the faid Scraping*, Ac. Company (hall Four times in every Year duly weigh, m the Prefence to ^

of the Wardens of the faid Company, all the Scrapings and Cuttings	n

off of the Silver depofited in the Allayer’s Box, after Report thereof

made as aforefaid, and enter the true Weight thereof m a Book to

be kept for that Purpofe ; and that when the fame is fo weighed

and entered, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Wardens

to fell and difpofe thereof, and after entering an Account of the

Produce thereof in the Book belonging to fuch Company, containing

their Receipts and Payments for and on the Account of the Allay

Office, pay and apply the fame for and towards fuch Payments.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed. That the Diet Box belonging to Diet Box to be

the faid Company (hall once in every Year be opened in the Prelence yearly to of the Affayer and the Four Wardens, and the Diet therein be taken	Edin-

out and carefully packed up, and fecured and fealed with the refpec- ur^

tive Seals of the faid Wardens and Affayer, and by them in each other’s Prefence delivered to a Meffenger, to be by him conveyed to His Majcfty’s Mint at Edinburgh, and delivered to the Matter of the Mint for Scotland.\ or his Deputy, or other Perfon or Perfons from tinie to time lawfully appointed and authorifed to receive the fame, taking a Receipt from {uch Perfon who (hall receive it for the fame, which Receipt the faid Mailer of the Mint for Scotland\ or his Deputy, are hereby dire&ed to give ; and that the Meffenger conveying Mmenger to the fame (hall, at the time of the delivering thereof, make Oath before make Oath as the laid Matter or his Deputy (which Oath the faid Matter or his bawin man-

3B3	Deputy

748

C. xxviii.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Diet to be tried by Master of Mint at Edinburgh.

Master to girt Notice thereof to Aasayer.

If Diet tot Standard.

Penalty iocl. and Incapacity.

No Profit to be made by the Company.

Deputy are kereby authored and dire&ed to adminifter), that he received the Box or Parcel (as the cafe may be) from the Wardens and A flayer of the Company, fo fealed as on tne Delivery thereof, and that the fame had not been opened after he had fo received the fame.

XXI. And be it further ena&ed, That the Mailer of His Majefty’s Mint for Scotland for the time being, or his Deputy, (hall, within Fourteen Days next after the faid Diet (hall have been fo delivered, fix and appoint a time for the Trial of the faid Diet by The King’s A flay Mailer of His Majefty’s Mint for Scotland, before fuch Perfon or Perfons as ihall from time to time be appointed by the Lord High Treafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lords Commiflioners of His Majefty’s Treafury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ or any Three or more of them, for the time being, for the Trial of Gold and Silver Plate at Edinburgh; and that the faid Mailer of the Mint or his Deputy ihall, by Letter to be fent by the General Poll, give fuch Affayer whofe Diet is to be tried, Notice, of the time and Place appointed for fuch Trial, that he may ^e prefent if he thinks fit; and on that Day whereon the Perfon or Perions to be apnointed from time to time as aforefaid ihall fo appoint, the Trial mail be proceeded in, in the Manner and under the fame Regulations, in and under which Trials of Wrought Plate are proceeded in and made in Edinburgh; and, if upon fuch Trial the fame ihall be found of the Standard Finenefs, or better, then and in fuch Cafe His Majefty’s faid Afiay Mailer for Scotland9 or his Deputy, ihall return the (aid Diet to or to the Order of the Wardens ana Aflay Matter of the Company aforefaid, who are hereby authorifed to fell and difpofe thereof, and having entered the Produce thereof in the Book of Act counts of the Receipts and Payments of the faid Company, pay and apply fuch Produce for and towards the neceflary Expence of the faid Company.

XXIL Provided always neverthelefs, and be it ena&ed, That if on the faid Trial the faid Diet ihall be found not of Standard Fine-nefs, according to the refpe&ive Standards thereof, but worfe, then and in fuch Cale the Affayer belonging to the faid Company, whofe Diet, ihall be fo tried, ihall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and difpofed of as aforefaid, and ihall ever after be rendered incapable of a&ing as an Affayer.

XXIII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enabled and declared. That in cafe the faid Prices, Sums of Money, or Rewards hereby given, granted or allowed to the faid Company for the affaying and marking Wrought Plate, ihall raife more Money than Ihall be fuf-ficient to defray the Expence of obtaining and patting this Ad, and the neceflary Expences of the faid Affay Offices, then the Overplus Money (it any) ihall be applied by the faid Company from time to time in the profecuting Offenders againft this Ad; and if fuch Profecutions ihall not require the Whole of fuch Overplus, then and in fuch Cafe the faid Prices, Sums of Money or Rewards ihall afterwards be leffened in proportion by the faid Company ; and they are hereby required to take fo much lefs for the affaying, trying and marking Wrought Plate for the future, as will reduce the Sum to be taken to fuch a Sum as will anfwer the purpofes aforefaid only, without bringing any Profit to the faid Company ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwrth-ffcmaing.

XXIV .And

59° GEO* III.

C. xkviii.

743

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Wardens and Affayer Trial Pieces to of the faid Company (hall from time to time, when required by the

Matter of His Majefty’s Mint for Scotland, or his Depute, tranfmit jj the Mint, to the faid Matter or nis Depute, at the Office of His Majefty’s Mint at Edinburgh, Specimens of the Trial Pieces ufed by the faid Company, or their Wardens and Aflayers, in trying and touching the Wrought Plate brought to the faid Company to bo by them aflayed, fo that the Purity of the Trial Pieces ufed by the faid Company may be at all times known, and fubjeft to the Examination of the faid Matter and his Deputy.

XXV.	And be it further enaded. That the laid Company (hall, Tecs of the ^

before the A flay of their Diet, yearly and every Year pay to the	°*

Matter of His Majefty’s Mint for Scotland, or his Deputy, for the y^rly^Trials.# Ufe of his Deputy, fuch and the like Fees, Dues or Recompences

as are for the time paid by the Workers of Gold and Silver Plate in Edinburgh.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be Company may lawful to and for the laid Company, or the major Part of them, and

they are hereby authorifed and empowered, from time to time, to make Bye Laws, Rules and Orders for the well Government and Management of their Offices, and for fixing the Salaries and Rewards of the refpe&ive Officers, and for fixing die time and manner for receiving in and delivering out Plate brought to be aflayed, and for every other purpofe relative to the Condu& or Management of fuch Office, and to enforce Obfervance thereof by the impofition and Exa&ion of Penalties not exceeding Five Pounds for each Offence, from any Peifon or Perfons a&ing in oppolition to fuch Bye Laws,

Rules and Orders : Provided always, that fuch Bye Laws, Rules Proviso, and Orders do not in any refpe& contradict or be inconliftent with this A&, or the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, and afie6t only the Members, Officers, Servants, and others belonging to the faid Company.

XXVII.	And be it further enadted. That each of the Wardens of the faid Company (hall, after his Eledtion, and before he takes upon him the Execution of the faid Office, take and fubferibe the following Oath:

* T j4. B. do fwear, That I will, fo long as I continue a Warden, Orth of

*	well and faithfully behave myfelf in the faid Office; and that Wardens.

*	I will not difeover, by Description in Words or otherwife, to any

*	Perfon or Perfons whatsoever, any Pattern, Defign or Invention of € any Piece of Gold or Silver Plate, brought or to be brought to 4 the faid Office to be aflayed, or wittingly or willingly permit the 4 fame fo be viewed or feen by any Perfon whomfoever, but the Per-

*	Sons neceflarfly employed or to be employed in the Aflay Office;

*	and that I will in all things conform to the Rules laid down in 4 an A& of Parliament patted in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign 4 of King George the Third, intituled [here infert the Title of this Aft.]

‘ So help me GOD/

Which Oath die Lord Provoft of the City of Glafgovo, or in his Abfence, the Senior Magiftrate for the time, is hereby required and empowered to adminifter to fuch Wardens.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any Perfon or Per- Master of the fons (hall at any time hereafter recover Judgment in any Court Mint in Scot-

3B4	againft	Undmayiwrign

74*

C. xxviii.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 18 19.

over Assayer’a Bond to Persons recovering Judgment against Assayer.

Assignee may proceed thereon.

Costs of Suit in such Action.

Recovery and Application of Penalties not exceeding lol.

App^.

againft any Aflay Mafter of the Company aforefaid, for any Penalty impofed on him by this A61 for Negleft or Fraud in the Execution of his Office, and fuch Penalty, together with the Cods adjudged, (hall not be paid within the time prefcribed by that Court wherein fuch Judgment (hall be obtained, that then and in fuch Cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Mafter of His Majefty’s Mint in Scotland for the time being, and he is hereby authorifed and direfted to affign over to fuch Perfon or Perfons fo recovering fuch Judgment the faid Bond or Obligation fo direfted to be entered into by the faid Aflaver and his Sureties to the Mafter of His Majefty’s Mint as aforefaid, in order to enable fuch Perfon or Perfons to bring one or more Aftion or Aftions thereon againft fuch Aftayer and his Sureties or either of them, or the Heirs, Executors or Adminiftra-tors of them or either of them, for the Recovery of fuch Penalty fo recovered againft the A flayer, together with the Cofts adjudged; and the Affignee to the faid Bond as aforefaid (hall be entitled to proceed thereon, and on the Aflignation thereof, by fummary Diligence againft the faid Aftayer and other Obligants therein.

XXIX.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further enafted, That if in any Adlion to be brought on the faid Bond as Laft aforefaid the Plaintiff be nonfuited, that then the Cofts of Nonfuit (hall be paid by the Plaintiff or Aflignee of faid Bond, and that the Mafter of His Majefty’s Mint be wholly exonerated from all Ex-pences to be incurred in any Diligence raifed upon the faid Bond to be afligned by him as aforefaid, any Law, Ulage or Statute to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

XXX.	And be it further enafted, That in. all Cafes where any Fines or Penalties not exceeding Ten Pounds are impofed by this Aft, the Profecution for the Offence for the Commiflion whereof fuch Fines or Penalties are fought to be recovered (hall be by fummary Complaint before any One or more Juftice or Juftices of the Peace of the County in which fuch Offence (hall occur; and fuch Jufticc or Juftices (hall and may grant fummary Warrant for fum-moning Evidence, and thereupon proceed againft the Party or Parties in a fummary Way ; and upon Conviftion by the Confeffibn of the Offender, or on the Oath of One or more credible Witnefs or Witnefies, or other Evidence competent by the Law of Scotland, if the Penalty be not inllantly paid, the Goods and Effefts of the Offender or Offenders may be diftrained and fold by the Warrant of fuch Jufticc or Juftices; and in cafe there (hall not be found fufficient Effefts, the Offender or Offenders may be committed to any Gaol within the Jurifdiftion of fuch Juftice or Juftices until the Expiration of Two Calendar Months from the Period of Commitment : Provided always, that in cafe of diftraining as aforefaid, the Overplus, after Payment of the Penalty, and all Charges and Ex-pences, (hall be returned to the Owner; and the Penalties to be fo recovered (hall be applied in the fame Way as Plate forfeited for not being properly marked is by this Aft direfted to be applied; and if any Perfon or Perfons (hall think himfelf or themfelves aggrieved by the Judgment of any fuch Juftice or Juftices, or they (hall or may, upon giving Security to make good fuch Sentence and to pay fuch Cofts as may be ordered in cafe fuch Judgment (hall be affirmed, appeal to the Juftices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Semons for the County in which fuch Judgment (hall be

2	given;

59* GEO. III.

C. xxviii—xxxiii.

745

given ; and in cafe the Judgment (hall be affirmed it (hall be lawful for fuch Juftices to order the Appellant to pay the Coils of fuch Appeal, and the Determination or fuch Juftices (hall be final, and not liable to Sufpenfion, Advocation or Redudion.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded, That every Aftion or Suit Actions (Ex-to be brought or profecuted under this Ad, other than Adions for

or on account of Penalties not exceeding Ten Pounds, (hall be ExcheqUerin brought in His Majefty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland.	Scotland

XXXII. And be it further enaded, That this Ad fhall be public Act. deemed and taken to be a Public Ad, and (hall be judicially taken

Notice of as fuch by all Judges, Juftices and other Perfons whatsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

Cap• xxix.

An Ad for altering and amending an Ad for making and maintaining 57 G«3* a Navigable Canal from the* Lothian Road near the City of Edinburgh, to Join the Forth and Clyde Navigation near Falkirk, in the County of Stirling.	[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xxx.

A» Ad for improving the Lighthoufe on the Ifle of Anglefea, belonging to the Truftees of the Liverpool Docks, and for further amending the Ads relating to the Docks and Harbour of Liverpool.	[19th	May	1819.]

\Afts rented—8 Anne, c. 12.	3 G. 1. (a) 11 G. 2. c. 32. 2 G. 3.

c. 86. 25 G. 3. c. 15. 39 G. 3. c. lix. 51 G. 3. c. cxlni. 53 G. 3. c. clvi.]

{a) [Tbit Aft does not appear amongftthe Chapters in the common printed Editions, except that in Rahhbfs Edition of the Statutes it is the fourth of feveral Titles of Afts at the end of 3 G. 1. r. 21, and which are there dated to be taken from the Roll.’]

Cap. xxxi.

An Ad to enable the Commiffioners for improving the Harbour of 56 O.3. c.lxxxi. New Sh or eh am, in the County of Suffex, to raife more Money for completing the faid Harbour and the Works thereto belonging.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Ad for fupplying with Water the Town of Burnley, and a certain Part of the Townfhip of Habergham Eaves, both in the Parifh of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancafler•

[19th May 1819.]

1	Cap. xxxiii.

An Ad to alter and amend an Ad of the Fifty fourth Year of His 54 O. 3.«. c. prefent Maiefty, for ereding and maintaining a New Court Houfe and other Offices for the City and County ox Aberdeen, and for providing and maintaining an additioual Gaol for the (aid City and County, and for other purpofes relating thereto.

[19th May 1819.]

7*6

C.xxxiv—xliiu

59° GEO. Ill,

A.D. 1819.

50 0.3 c.xlE

45 G.3. c. xcix. repealed.

18 G.3.C.98. 40 G. 3. c.iniL continued.

30 G. 1. c. 69. 19 G. 3. c. 107. 40 G.3. c. mi. continued.

Cap. xxxiv.

An Ad for paving, lighting, watching and improving the Town of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lane after. [19th May 1819.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Ad for building a new Church in the Parish of Saint Luke, ChAfeay in the County of Middlefex, and for other purpofes relating thereto.	[19th	May	1819.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Ad for repairing and enlarging the Church of the Parifh of Mitcham, in the County of Surrey, and providing an additional Burial Ground thereto.	[19th	May 1819.]

Cap. xxx vii.

An Ad for defraying the Expences incurred in taking down, rebuilding and enlarging the Chapel of Saint Hildt, in the Parifh of Jarrow, in the County Palatine ot Durham.	[19th	May	1819.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Ad for building a Chapel of Eafe in the Parifh of Bofton, in the County of Lincoln.	[19th	May	1819.]

Cap. xxxix.

An A61 for eflablifhing a Seled Veftry in the Parifh of Saint Panerasf in the County of Middlefex, and for other purpofes relating thereto.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xl.

An Ad for lighting the City of CarTtJle, and the Suburbs thereof, with Gas.	[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xli.

An Ad for amending and keeping in repair the Road from Kettering to the Town of Northampton, in the County of Northampton. (a)	[19th	May 1819.]

[ One Half additional Toll on Sunday.]

Cap. xlii.

An Ad to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His pre-fent Majefty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloueejler to the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucefier.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xliii.

An Ad for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Ads of the Reign pf His late and prefect Majefty, for amending feveral Roads therein mentioned, fo far as nelate to the Road from Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge in the County

of

59° GEO. III.

C.xliii—idi*.

747

of Flint; and for making a new Branch of Road from the faid Road at a Place near Abermorddn to Mold\ in the faid County of Flint. (c)	[19th May 18x9.]

[Former Tolls to eeafe. New Tolls granted. One Half additional Toll

on Sunday.']

CapxUt.

An Ad for repairing and improving the Trowbridge Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerfet. (b)	[19th May 1819.3

[Additional Tru/lees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xlv.

An Ad for more effedually repairing the Road from Brickers Bam, in the Parifli of Cor/ham9 in the County of Wilts9 to the Road leading from

M (*)

Cap. xlvi.

Aa Ad far enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Evejbam Bridge, in the County of WorceJUr9 to Alcejler, in the County of Warwick, (b)

[19th May 1819.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xlviu

An Ad far continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Ads of His prefent Majeity, for repairing the Road leading from Kilbum Brtdge9 in the County of Middlefex9 to Sparrow1 s Herne, in the County of Hertford, (a)

[19th May 1819.]

[Former Tolls to ceafe. New Tolls granted.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Ad far enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral Ads of His late and prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Hamham Hill, near the City of New Sarum, through Blandford and Dorcbefer, to Afkerwell Hill; and from Hamham Hill afore-faid, to a Houfe called Mafler Baker's Farmboufe, in the Counties of Wilts and Dorfet• (c)	[19th	May 1819.]

[AdAtumMTruftees. Former Tolls to ceafe. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xlix.

An Ad far repairing the Road from Bromjgrove in the County of Wortefer to Birmingham in the County of Warwick, (a)

[19th May 1819.]

[Additional Tnflees. Royal Family exempt‘ from Toll.]

Kingfdown to Bath Eafton9 in the County of Somer-

[19th May 1819.I

£Additional Tru/lees.]

‘ 39 0.3 c lxiiL repealed.

30 Q.i. c. 46 19 6.3. c.i is. 41 O. 3. Vr K.

c. xvilL all repealed.

18 G. 3. c. 93. 39 G. 3. c. xi. both in part repealed, § a.

19 G .3 c. 1 so. 39 G 3 c. xiii. continued.

39 G. 1. c. 54. s G. 3. c. 6*.

17 G. 3. c. 8t. 38G. 3.C. xxvii* continued.

13 G.i.c. 15. si G.s €.33. 11 G.3. c.93. 30 G. 3. e.ioi« all in part

repealed.

C. 1—Ivi.

59° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

37 G. 3. c. 17*

16 G. 3. c.75. 36 G.3. c. 144-48 G.3.c.zzxi!u all repealed.

40 G. 3. c.lxf. continued/

SS G.3.C.I*.

3a G. a. c. 54* 19 G. 3. e. 83. 38 G. 3. c. zxziz. continued.

19 G. 3.C.91 continued.

38 G. 3. c. lzzi. repealed.

Cap. 1.

An Ad to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an A 61 of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Atcham to Condover and Dorrington, and other Roads in the faid Ad mentioned, in the County of Salop. (4)	[19th May 1819.]

[Additional Trufiee/.]

Cap• li.

An Ad for more effedually repairing the Road from Clitberoe to IVbailey, and from thence to Blackburn and Mellor Brook9 in the •County Palatine of Lancqjler; and for making a Branch of Road between Blackburn and Wballey. (a)	[19th May 1819.]

[Additional Trufees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lii.

An Ad for continuing and amending an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads in the Counties of Somerfet and Dorfet, palling through or near the Town of Yeovil; and for repairing the Roadfrom Mudford Bridge to Mar/lon Elm, in the faid County of Somerfet. (a)	[19th May 1819.]

[Additional Tnfees. Former Tolls to ceafe. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.']

Cap. Hii.

An Ad for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Ads, for repairing the Road from Dew/bury to Ealand in the Weft Riding of the County of York. (c)	[19th May 1819.]

[New Trufees. Additional Trufees. Former Tolls to ceafe. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. Hv.

An Ad for reviving and continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road leading from Stratford upon Avon to Edgbill, in the County of Warwick, (b)	[19th May 181&]

[Additional Trufees.]

Cap. It.

An Ad for improving the Harbour of Bade, in the County of Cornwall; and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the faid Harbour of Bade to or near the village of Tbombury, in the County of Devon, and divers Branches therefrom, all in the lakl Counties of Cornwall and Devon.	[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lvi.

An Ad for more effeduafly maintaining and amending the Road from Crofsford Bridge to the Town of Manchefier, in the County Pah-tine of Lancafer. (a)	[14th	1819.]

[AdditionalTrufims. One Half additional Tollfrom Occupiers ofTraford

Houfe.]

A.D. 181ft.

59’ GEO. III.

C. lvii—lxiii.

749

Cap. Ini.

An Ad for more effectually making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads in the County of Elgin ; and for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the faid County, for repairing the Highways and Bridges therein. (£) [14th June 1819.]

[Half Toll only between Forres and Findbom. Royal Family exempt

Cap. lviii.

An ACt for more effectually making, amending and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in tho Counties of Durham and Berwick, and Liberties of Berwick upon Tweed; for repairing and maintaining certain other Roads therein mentioned ; and for improving the Entrance to the Town of Berwick upon Tweed. (3)

[14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trufiees.]

Cap. lix.

An ACt for continuing, altering and enlarging the Terms and Powers of feveral Ads for making and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Lanark, Ayr, and Renfrew, and building a Bridge over the River Clyde at Dalmarnock, and for making and maintaining a Road from the Confines of the County of Ayr towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries• (h)	[14th	June	1819.]

Cap. lx.

An ACt to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Ad of His prefent Majefty for repairing the Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and

. feveral Roads communicating therewith; for transferring the Road from IVormelow Turnp to Harewood, from the. Madley to the Hertford Diitrid, ana for making a new Road from the Tuft Wood, in the Parifh of Heptland, to the Confines of the Parifli of Ganerew, in the County of Hereford, as a Third Diftrid. (c)

[14th June 1819.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxi.

An Ad for railing further Sums of Money for building and fup-porting the Meath Hofpital and County of Dublin Infirmary.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxii.

An Ad for amending feveral Ads of His prefent Majefty, relating to the Coventry Canal Navigation.	[	14th	June	1819.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Ad for repairing and altering,' and taking down and rebuilding, certain Parts of the Parilh Church of Saint John the Baptift, Peter-borough, in the County of Northampton. \ [14th June 1819.]

4 5 G.3. 3. c xlvi. repealed without Prejudice to Creditors.

42 G.3. c.civil. 50 G. 3. c. lxi. both repealed.

29 G. 3. c. 79. 31 G.3. e. 95. 38 G. 3. c. xx.

50 G.t. c.lxxiii. revived and continued.

56 G. 3.(I.)

55 G. 3. c. Ixxxi. in part repealed.

8 G.3. e.36. in part repealed.

25	G. 3. c. 99.

26	G. 3. c. 30.

C. lxiv—lxxiii.

59* GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

3» 0.3. C.IOI. 33 G. 3. c. 107. 39 & 40 G. s* c. Wii. 4 7G.3. sms 8. c. cxiii. all in purl rt-pesled.

51 G.3.c.cict: 53 G.3«c.xzzil. j6 G.3. c.lxxn. ill in pvt repealed.

46 G. 3. e.cxu?i.

51 G.3.C. cxiH.

4G.3.C. 60. in pert repealed. %i G«3«c. /4*

7 G.3. r.u. (I.) in part repealed.

Cap. lxiv.

An Ad to alter and amend the fcveral Ads pafled far making and maintaining the Lancajler Canal Navigation. [14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxv.

An Ad for taking down and rebuilding the Pariih Church of Bloch* bum, in the County Palatine of Lomafhr; and far providing additional Burial Ground, and for equalifing~ the Church Rates in the (aid Parifti, and other purpofes.	[141k	June 1819.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Ad for altering and amending the feveral Ads palled for making a Canal from the Grand Jun&wn Canal, in the Panlh of Paddington. to the River Thames, in the Parilh of Limehottfe, in the County of Middlefex.	[14th	June 1819.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Ad for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Ad pafled in the Forty fixth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majeily, intituled An AS for /applying tbs City and Suburbs of Glafgow with Water.

- [14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Ad for better fupplying the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, with das.	[14th	June	1819.]

Cap. lxix.

An Ad for enabling the Governor and Guardians of the Poor of the City of Gloucefier to light the faid City with Gas, and to enter into the neceflary Cotjtrads for that Purpofe. [14th June 1819.]

Cap. Ixx.

An Ad to provide for the Eledion of Truftees of the Royal Exchange, Dublin.	[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Ad for paving, lighting, watching, cleanfing, regulating and improving tne Borough of Newcaftle under Lyme.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. Ixxii.

51G. j.c.ixxiv. An Ad for altering and amending an Ad of the Fifty firft Year of His prefent Majefty, for paving, lighting and cleanfing the City of Pertht and for maintaining Police and good Order within the (aid City.	[14th	June	1819.]

Cap. lxxiii.

% G. 3. e.u. An Ad for better paving, cleanfing and lighting the Parishes of 3 G.3. «.S3* Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Mmmjbury, m the County

of

A.D$ 181 g.	59*	GEO.	Ill*	C. lxxiii—lxxx.

of Middlefe*, and for veiling the foie Management thereof in the Veftrymen of the faid Parities, and a Committee of the Inhabitants thereof.	[14th	June	1819.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Aft for pavings lighting, cleanfing and otherwife improving the Town of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Aft for paving and otherwife improving the Town of Romford, in the Liberty of Havering atte Bower, in the County of Effex.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Aft for draining, preferving from Water, and improving certain low Lands and Grounds, lying in the feveral Parimes of Congref bury, Puxton, Winfcomhe, Ban well, Churchill, Kewftohe, Week Saint Lawrence, and Yatton, in the County of Somerjet.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Aft to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Aft of His prefent G. 3,0. ezHIL Majefty for draining, enclofing and improving the Lands called Borough Fen Common, and the Four Hundred Here Common, in the County of Northampton, and for forming the fame into a Parifh, to be called Newborough, and for building and endowing a Church for fuch Pariflu	[14th	June 1819*]

[Separate Award of Allotment! to Hie Majefty, § 11.]

1

Cap. lxxvrii.

An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Afts of His 7 G. 3. c. 53. prefent Majefty, for draining and preferving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the South I*evel, Part of the Great Level of 7*^ the Fens called Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, repealed,fa.44! between the River Cam otherwife Grant, Weft ; and the Hardlands of Botti/bam, S waff ham Bulbeck, and Swaffham Prior, Eaft; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.	[14th	June 1819.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Aft for altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral Afts of His 35 G. 3. c. 77. prefent Majefty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and 36 G 3* c. 33. South Levelr, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford ^ c,lxx“* Level, and other Lands therein mentioned ; and for improving c> XXxviii. the Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, and 58 G.3. (LxlTiil, of the feveral Rivers communicating therewith. [14th June 1819.] continued, ( x.

but In pelt x<e* peeled, $»i.

Cap. lxxx.

An Aft for more effeftuaSy repairing and improving the Road from t6G.%. e. 83.

Bradford 1; G. 3. c. J3*

C. lxxx—lxxxvi.

59° GEO. Ill,

A.D.1819.

38 G. 3. 0. xli. all in put repealed, $ 1.

29 G. 2a c. 65.

13 G-3- c.95*

34 G.3. c. 119-all continued.

29 G.i. c. 81. 18 G. 3. c. 99. 38 G.3. c.lxv. all continued,

I«.

29 G.2. e.64*

continued by 12 G. 3« c. 77* 27 G.3. c. 85. 33 G. 3. all repealed as to Hoads herein mentioned.

Bradford to Wakefield, in the Well Riding of the County of Tori. (a)	[14th	June 1819.]

{Additional Trufiees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An A61 for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road to branch off from the Great North Road at the South End of Barnfdale through PontefraB, and from thence to a certain Place called Tbwaite Gate, all in the Well Riding of the County of Tori. ( b)

[14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trufiees. Lejfees of His Majefiy refiding within the late Part of PontefraB in right of His Duchy of Lancafier exempt from

Cap. lxxxii.

An Aft for continuing and amending Three Afts of His late and prefent Majefty for repairing feveral Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, and for repairing feveral other Roads in the faid County communicating with the Roads comprifed in the faid Afts. (a)	[14th	June 1819.]

{Former Tolls to cede. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll. Additional Toll on Sunday.']

Cap. lxxxiii.

An A61 for making and maintaining a Road from Marlborough, to the prefent Turnpike Road at or near Coate, in the Parilh of Liddingtou, m the Cjunty of Wilts. (b)	[14th	June 1819.]

[.Additional Trufiees^]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An A61 to continue and amend Three A6ls for repairing the Roads from Fryer Bacon*s Study to Chilton Pond9 and from the Top of Hinkfey Hill to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, fo far as relates to the Oxford Diftrift of the faid Roads, (r)	[14th	June 1819.]

[New Trufiees. Additional Trufiees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An A61 for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Runcorn to Nortbwicb, in the County Palatine of Chefier. (b)

[14th June 1819.] [Additional Trufiees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Aft for more effeftually repairing and improving th: Road from Shrewfbury to Prefion Brockkurfi, to Shawbury and to Shrtyhill\ and other Roads in the County of Salop, (b)	[14th	June 1819.]

[Additional Trufiees. Additional Toil on Sunday.]

5!)° GEO. HI.

C. lxxxvii—xciii.	753

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Aft for making and maintaining a Road from the Tun/lall and Bojley Turnpike Road at Gillow Hollow, in the Parifh of Biddulph, in the County of Stafford, to Park Lane, communicating with the Congleton and Leek Turnpike Road, near Danc-infbaw Bridge in the County of Chefler, with a Branch to the faid Tvnjlall and Bojley Turnpike Road at Lieb Lane, in the faid Parifh of Biddulph, (a)	[14th	June	1819.3

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Aft for repairing, widening, improving and maintaining in Repair the feveral Roads leading to and from the Town of Bridport, and for making a new Line of Road to communicate with the fame, (b)	[14th	June	1819.]

[Additional Trujlees* Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

27 G. a, c. 32. 5 G. 3. c. 73. 39 G. 3. c xxxiii. repealed as to Roads within the First and Second Dis~

Cap. lxxxix.	tricts, $ 1.

An Aft for repairing and improving feveral Roads leading to and 38 G. 3. c. xiiL from the Town of Bradford, in the County of Wilts; and for repealed, § 1. maintaining a Bii lge over the River Avon, at Stokeford, in the faid County, (b)	[14th	Jttne	1819.]

[Additional Trujlees• ffcoy*/ Family exempt from Toll.']

Cap. xc.

An Aft for altering and amending Two Afts pafled in the Fifty 56 G. 3. fixth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, «• lxxxiii. for improving the Road from the City of Glafgow to the City of G* 3* **44* Carljte*	[14th June	1819.]

Cap* xci.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts of His 17 G.3. c.105. prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from Huddersfield to Pens- in part repealed, ffone, in the County of Tori, (c)	[14th	June	1819.]	$4^©- ^ixili

[New Trujlees. Former Tolls to ceafe* New Tolls granted* Royal both continued.

Family exempt from Toll*]

Cap. xcii.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of feveral Afts relating to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harewood, to the South Weft Comer of the Inclofures of Harrogate, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork*	[i^th	June	1819.]

[ Additional Trujlees* Former Tolls to ceafe* New Tolls granted* Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap* xciii.

25 G. 3. c.58. In part repealed, $11. 35-29 G. 2. e. 71. 17 G.3. c.79. 34 G. 3. c. 138. all continued, but in part repealed aa to Exemptions, Ji8.

An Aft to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two 29 G. 3. e.no. Afts of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from 38 G. 3. e. xlii. 59 Geo. III.	SC	Rochdale	both	continued.

754

C.xciii—xcix.

$9° GEO. 1H.

A.D. 1819.

but 38 O. 3. c. xiii. in part repealed, § 8.

24 G. 2. c. 22. 16 G.3. c. 82. 38 G.3. c.ii. all in part re-pealed, $ 1.

19 G.3. e. 117. 37 G.3.C.178. both repealed,

11.

2 G.3. c. 78.. 22 G.3. c. 95 38 G. 3. c. xliv. all continued, .but 38 G. 3. c. xliv. in part repealed, § 12.

7 G. 3. c. 103. in part repealed, $«7-

26 G.3. c. 145’ 49 G.3. c.liv. all continued for 21 Yean, he. § 1.25.

Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Heywood, to a Place called the Land9! End in Preftwicb, in the County Palatine of Lan-cafer. (e)	[14th June 1819.]

Cap. xciv.

An Aft for amending the Road from Tadcajler to Holton Dyal, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tork. (b)	[14th June 1819.]

[ Additional Truftees. Royal Family exempt from TollL]

Cap. xcv.

An Aft for repairing, widening and improving the feveral Roads round the City of Briftol, and for making certain new Lines of Hoad to communicate with the fame, (b)	[14th	June 1819.]

[.Additional Truftees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xevi.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Aft# of His prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral Roads in the Counties of Worcejler, Stafford and Salop, fo far as relate to the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing another Road in the faid Counties of Stafford and Salop, or one of them, (c)	[14th	June 1819.]

[Additional Truftees. Former Tolls to ceafe. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Aft for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Afts of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Tenterden to the Town of AJhford, in the County of Kent; and for making a new Branch of Road therefrom, to communicate with the Town of Biddenden, in the faid County. (£)

[14th June 1819.]

[Additional Truftees.]

Cap. xcviii.

*7 G.3. c. 100. An Aft for further continuing the Term and enlargingthe Powers ** “	of Two Afts, palTed m the Seventeenth Year and Thirty fixth

Year of His prefent Majefty’s Reign, for repairing and widening feveral Roads leading to, through and from the Towns of Bale and Dolgelly, in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbighf and Salop ; and for repairing feveral other Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh. ( c)	[14th June	1819.]

[Additional Truftees. New Tolls injlead of former Tolls.]

Cap. xcix.

a8 G.a. c.33. An Aft for continuing and amending Three Afts of His late and In part repealed,	prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads from Brown9s Lam in

1 7Q c 118	Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Way Poft

Inpartiep^ed! near Wtllingborongh Bridge, in tne County of Northampton, and from SiT	the

•3*c. both continued for 2\ Yean, See. § 1.37. but in part repealed, § 4-

A.D. 1810.

59* GEO. III.

C. Kcix-^€V^

755

the Pound in the Ktmbolton, to the Way Poll near Brington Bridge 39 <3* 3. «.xn. in the faid County of Northampton, (e)	[14th	June	1819.]

[Former Tolls to ceafe. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt Term men-

from Toll.']	tioned.

Cap• c.

An Aft to continue the Term, and enlarge die Powers of feveral *5 G. a. e. 11. Afts of His late and prefent Majefty’s Reign, for repairing the 5	c‘-55*

Road from the North Eaft Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parifh Church of Nuffield, in the County o\ Oxford, through Wal- *n continued. ting ford to Wantage, and from thence to Fartngdon, in the County of Berks, (r)	[14th Aw	1819.]

[Additional Truftees.]

Cap. ci.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Afts, palled in «’ <*• 3- «-94-the Seventeenth and Thirty fixth Years of His prefent Majefty, »P«rt repesJed, for repairing the Road from Bedford to Woburn, and alfo the Road | ^ G c f branching out of the fame in Kempfton Field, in the County of continued. Bedford, (c)	[14th June	1819.]

Cap. cii.

An Aft for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty *s Reign, for amending the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Mid-dlefex. (r)	9	[14th	Jtute	*819.]

[Additional Triplets. Former Teds to ceafe. New Tolls granted. Royal * Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. ciii.

41 G. 3. U. K.

c. cxxix. continued,

* 1. »J-but in part repealed, $18.

G.3. e dr. 44 G.j.c.lxxx. continued, (a.

An Aft to alter and amend aa Aft patted in the Fifty fifth Year of 55 His prefent Majefty, for improving the Harbour of Dundee, in the Coiirty of Forfar, (c)	[14th	June	1819.]

[King’s Ships exempt from Duties.]

Cap. civ.

An Aft for giving further Powers to the Company of Proprietors 57 G

of the Portfmoutb and Arundel Navigation, and to the Company of 1®PertrePwlede Proprietors of the Wey and Arun Junftion Canal, and to confirm ^ <5... an Agreement entered into between the faid Companies*

{21ft June 1819.]

[Goods the Property of the Craym exempt from Tplls of Portjbr'ufge

Creek.]

Cap. cv.

An Aft to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navi- }° ®* 3* gation from Leeds to Liverpool, to make a Navigable C#t» and alfo a Collateral Branch or Railway, from their faid Canal at *3*0.3. c. 47. Hennis Bridge near Wigan, to join the Duke A Brtage water9s in part repealed. Canal at Leighf all in the County Palatine of Lancajler; and to $31.

SC 2	amend	3©G.3. c.6j.

Ccv—cxiL

59° GEO, ILL

A.D.1819,

34 G. 3. c. 94. in part repealed,

v 42.

34G.3.C.78.

49 G- 3* c xU. in'part repealed, Si. ’

51 G. 3-c. cxlri. in port repealed.

36 G.3. c.59. (I,} repealed. Si-

4* G. 3. c. it 49 G. 3. cclx. repealed, S 1.

33	G. 3. c. 80.

34	G.3. c. 24.

35	G.3. c 8.

35	*G. 3- P* 43*

36	G. 3. c. 2^.

38G.3.C.XXX1H.

41 G. 3. c. Ixxi. in part repealed.

5 G.3. c.51. 6.G 3. 0.23.,

4$ G. 3. c. hi*. JX G.2. C.28,

amend the feveral Ads relating to the faid Leeds and Liverpool Canal, and an Ad for making the Rochdale Canal, fo far as relates to certain Powers therein given to the late Duke of Bridge-evoter.	[21ft June	1819.]

Cap. cvi.

An Ad to explain .and . amend an Ad of the Forty ninth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repealing an Ad of the Twenty fifth Year of His prefent Majefty, for the Improvement of the River W'ear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham; and for the more effedual Prefervation and further Improvement of the fame River, Port and Haven.

[21ft June 1819.]

Cap* evil.

An Ad to eftablifh a Company for lighting the Borough of New-eajlle under Lyme with Gas.	[21ft	June 1819.]

•Gap* cviii.

An Ad to repeal Part of an Ad made in the Fifty firft Year of His prefent Majefty, for paving, cleanfing, lighting and watching the Streets, and otherwise regulating the Police of the Town of . Dumfries.	[21ft June 1819.]

Cap, cix.

An Ad for more effedually improving and repairing the Road lead-. ing from the City of Dublin to Navan, in the County of Meath. {a)

[21ft June 1819.3

Cap. cx.

An Ad for making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads within the'County of Dumfries, and the other Highways, Bridges and Ferries therein; and for more effedually converting into. Money the Statute Labour in*the faid County, (a)	[21ft	June	1819.]

Cap, cxi.

An Ad to vary and alter certain Ads of Hia-prefent Majefty,' relating to the Grand JunSion Canal, the Grand JunBion Water Works* and the Regent*s Canal, in order to effed an Exchange of Water, for the better Supply of the Regent*s Canal Navigation and Grand JunBion Water Works.	[22d June	1819*3

43 G.3. c.viii. 45 G. j. c*lxvui. ci G.3. c.clxix. 52 G. 3. c.cxj. 52 G.3. acxcv.

§ 14. 15*. 2i. 53 G.3. c.xxxii. 56 G. 3. c.lxxxr.

<	Cap.	cxii.

An Ad for amending an Ad of His prefent Majefty, refpe&ing the Application of certain Surplus Monies paid for meafuring, Searching and finding Woollen Cloth, in the Weft Riding of the County of Torh	[2d	7#$	1819.3

A.D. 181.9V	W5	GEO.	IIC	Ccxiii~cxx./	7of-

Cap. cxiii.

An Adi for ere A ing, improving, regulating and maintaining Ferries and PafTages acrofs the River Tay, in the Counties of Fife and Forfar. (2)	[2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxiv.	^

An Adi for repairing and improving, or rebuilding the Church at Barnjley, in the Well Riding of the County of Tori, and for improving and enlarging the Church Yard and' Burial Grounds thereof.	[2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxv.

An Adi for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from Crabtree, in the Parifh of Egg Buck land, in the County of Devon, to communicate with the Pnlon of War on the Foreft of Dartmoor, in the Parifh of Lydford, in the faid County.

[2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Adi for more effedlually fupplying the City of Edinburgh and. 29 6.2.0.74* Places adjacent with Water.	[2d	July 1819.] 25	3*	*•

Cap. cxvii.

An Adi to enable	the	Company	of	Proprietors of the Cranflonhill 48 6.3.C. iliv.

Water Works to	improve their	Works.	[2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxviii.

An Adi for paving, cleanling, lighting and watching the Town .of Harwich, in the County of Ejfex, and fupplying the fame with Water.	[2d	July 1819.]

[Lands belonging to His Majefly exempt.]

Cap. cxix.

An Adi for altering and enlarging the Powers of feveral Adis of 1 G.3. e u< His prefent Majefly, for amending and rendering more effedlual 3 0-3* c-a3* feveral Adis for paving, cleanfing and lighting the Squares, Streets, 4 0-3* c.39. Lanes and other Places in the City and Liberties, of Wejhninjler, and Parts adjacent; and for putting certain Streets therein men- 30 G^. e. 53. tioried, commonly called Optional Streets, under the Management 47 G. 3. seas. 1. of Parochial Committees, lubjedl to the Controul of Commiflion- c. xzxviii. era ; and fpr other purpofes, as far as the fame relate to a Street 59 G. 3. c.lxxiii. and Paffage, called Holborn and Middle Row, in the Parifh of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars, in the County of Mlddleftx.

fcd July 1819.]

Cap. cxx.

An Adi for paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, watering, planting, and otherwife improving Edwardes Square, EarPs Terrace,	*

Leonard Place, Edwardes Place, Kenjington Place Eafl, and Ken-Jington Place Wejl, in the Parifh of Saint Mary Abbott’s,'Kenjington, m the County of Middkfex.	[2d'July i8i^.J

3 C 3

768

C» cxxi—cxxtii.

5fi® GEO. ill.

A.D.iaia

40 O. 3. C *T. repealed as to Districts of Pont Pool and Usk.*n

37 G*j. e. da*, continued.

34 £.3. «.* 35-continued, and in part repealed,

f*»3.

9 G.i. £.15.

5J G.3. c.»ci*. in part repealed,

I*.

Cap. c<xi.

11 Aft to repeal fo much of an Aft of the Fortieth Year of His prefent Majefty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Monmouth, as relates to the Pont Pool and UJk Diftrifts of Road, and for granting other Powers in lieu thereof, and for making a new Branch 01 Road from the faid UJk Diftrift. (a)

[3d July 1819.]

[Additional Trujleet. One Half Additional Toll on Sunday.]

Cap. exxii.

An Aft to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the' Powers of an Aft of His prefent Majefty *s Reign, for repairing the Road from the Guide Poft in the Village of Adderkury, in the County of 0x-fordy through Kidttngton% to the End of the Mileway m the City of Oxford, (b)	[2d July 1819.3

[Additional Trufteetf]

Cap. cxxiii.

La Aft for making and maintaining federal Roads in the Counties of Rakktrgb and Selkirk. (I)	[ad July 1819.}

Cap. exxiv.

An Aft for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Aft palled in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Tewkejbury in the Countv of GlouceJler> and other Roads therein mentioned, fo for as fuch Aft relates to the Road from Stump Croft in the Parifh of Didbrook, to Stow on the Wold in the County of Gloucefler. (4)

[ad July 1819.]

[Additional Trqflees.']

Cap. extr.

An Aft for authoring the Commiffionera of His Majefty** Navy to eftablifh a Market at the Town of Pembroke Dock, in the County of Pembroke, and to make Regulations for the paring, lighting, deanfing and good Order of the Faid Town.

[2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxxvj.

An Aft to rebuild Wmdfor Bridge^ in the Borough of Hew Wmdfbr9 in the County of Berks; and to improve the Avenues thereto. (0)

[6th July 1819.]

Cap. cxxriL

An Aft to alter and amend an Aft made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His prefent Majefty, intituled An A3 to repeal the A Be now in force relating to Bread to be fold in the City if London and the Libertine thereat, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality t and Ton Mites of the Royal Exchange * and to^prevent tie Adel*

ter ad m

A.D. 1819.	59°'GEO. III. C. cxxrii* cxxviii.

teration of Mealy Flour and Bready and to regulate the Weights of Bread within the fame Limits, (h)	[13th	July	1819.]

mCap. cxxviii.

An A61 for amending and keeping in repair the Mail Coach Road leading from Banbrtdge in the County of Downy to Belfajl in the County of Antrim, (h)	[13th	July	1819.]

[Additional TruJUes. Royal Family exempt from TollL]

SC 4

PRIVATE

7 «0

iV. C. 1—4.

59* GEO. III.

A.D. ISIS*

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTERS,.

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

[ N. B. To each of thefe AfU is annexed a Claufe in the Form following :

M And be it further ena&ed, That this A& (hall be printed by “ the feveral Printers to The King’s Moft Excellent Majefty, duly “ authorifed to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and that “ a Copy thereof, fo printed by any of them, (hall be admitted as ** Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juftices and others.’*

Cap. i.

A N A61 for inclofing certain Lands in the Parifh of Bittom, in the County of Glouccfter%	[23d	March	1819.}

Cap• 2.

An A& for inclofing Lands in the Manor of Kelton and Arlecdon, in the Parifhes 0? Lamplugh and Arlecdon^ in the County of Cumberland.	[23d March	1819.]

“ Provifo for Reftor of Lamplugh fuing in refpefk of Tithes, § 13. u Allotment to Re&or of Arlecdon to be fenced, § 28. Com* M miflioners to value Tithes in Lamplugh, § 29.; and may pur-11 chafe Lands to compenfate Reftor of Lamplugh for Tithes, ** § 30, 31. If Re&or evi&ed, Tithes again payable, § 34. Until “ Purchafe made, ancient Inclofures and Commons to remain liable 11 to Tithes, § 35. When Tithes to Reftor o£ Arlecdon to ceafe, “ $44-

Cap. 3.	^

An A6t for inclofing Lands in the Parifhes of Qlane and Manhetm, in the County of Kudare.	[6th	April 1819.]

Cap• 4*

An A& for facilitating Partition of the Eftates of Charlotte Myddebom Biddulph Widow, tne Honourable Frederick Weft and Maria his Wife, and Harriet Myddehon Spinfter, whereof Partition has been decreed to be made by His Majefty’s High Court of Chancery.

[6th April 1819.]

59° GBO. III.

Pr. C. 5—12.

761

Cap. 5*

An Aft for indofing Lands in the Tithing of Rodbornc, in the Parifh of Saint Pauly Malmjbury, in the County of Wilts.

[7th April 1819.]

Cap. 6.

An Aft to enable the Curate and Patron of the Curacy of the Parochial Chapel of the Chapelry of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancajlery for the time being, to grant Leafes of the Glebe Lands belonging to the faid Curacy. [8th April 1819.]

44 Certain Parts of the Glebe Lands not to be let, § 4.

Cap. 7.

An Aft for veiling a Moiety of a yearly Rent of Four hundred Pounds, difcharged from certain Entails created therein, in Trullee8, for Georgiana Amelia Countefs de Durforty in trull for Sale.	[19th May 1819.]

Cap. 8.

An Aft for veiling certain Eflates devifed bv the Will and Codicil of Mary Spencer Widow, deceafed, in Trultees, to be fold for the purpofes therein mentioned.	[19th May 1819.]

Cap. 9.

An Aft for incloling Lands in the Parilh of Bambrougby in the Well Riding of the County of York.	[19th Mbm 1819.]

44 Reftor with Confent of Bilhop and Patron may leafe Wotments 44 for a 1 Years, § 30.

Cap. 10.

An Aft for incloling Lands within the Parilh of Eqfl Drayton, in the County of Nottingham.	[19th	May	1819.]

44 Provifo for Right to Tithes, and manner of Payment, § 35.

Cap. ii.

An Aft to amend an Aft for incloling Lands in the Manor of Beddington, in the Manor of Bandony m the County of Surrey; and to determine the Boundary of the Parilh of Beddingtony and the adjoining Parilh, upon a certain Common called Mitcham Com-man, Part whereof is intended to be inclofed under the faid Aft.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. 12.

An Aft for inclofing Lands within the Parilhes of Martock and Mucbelneyy in the County of Somer/et. '	[19th	May	1819.}

44 Vicar’s Allotment to be fenced, § 29. Prefent Vicar to grant “ Leafes, § 33.

762

Pr. C. 13—18.

69° GKO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Cap. 13.

An Aft for allotting Lands in the Parifh of Durrington* and in the Tithing of Knighton* in the Pari(h of Figbeldean* in the County of Wilts.	[19th	May	1819.]

Cap. 14..

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parishes of Eajl Rodham, WtJL Rmnham, and Hethoughton* in the County of Norfolk.

[19th May 1819.]

44 Vicars, with Confent of Bifhop and Patron, may leafe their Allot-44 ments, § 38.

Cap. 15.

An Aft for incloiing Farington Mofs, and other Commons and Wafte Grounds within the Manor and Townfhip of Faringtorn, in the Parilh of Pemuortbam, in the County Palatine of LancajUr.

[19th May 1819.]

44 Allotment to Owners of Tithes, § 30. Compensation for Tithes 44 by Landholders not entitled to Common Right, § 32. Tithes to 44 be taken till Allotments made m lieu thereof, § 33. Power to *4 Hufbands, See. too purchafe Tithes, § 34.

Cap. 16.

An Aft for incloiing Lands in the Townfhip of Penifton, in the Weft Riding of the County of Tori, and for the Commutation of Tithes within the fame Townfhip.	[19th	May	1819.]

44 Allotments for Tithes of Common and of ancient Inclofures to 44 open Fields, § 17, 18. Vicar’s Allotments to be fenced, $ 26—28. 44 Allotments to Hofpital in lieu of Tithes, $31. Power to Vicar 44 to leafe his Allotment, § 44.

Cap. 17.

An Aft for incloiing and leafing or letting certain Commons or Parcels of Wafte Ground, called Oker Hill and Grofs Green* within the Townfhip of Wenjley and Snitterton, in the Parim of Darley* in the County of Derby; and for applying the Rents and Profits thereof in aid of the Poors Rate of the laid Townfhip.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. 18.

An Aft for incloiing Lands within the Parifh of Telling* in the County of Huntingdon* and for making a Compensation for the Tithes.	[19th	May	1819.]

44 Allotment for Glebe Lands, § 21. Agreement for Tithes, $ 24. 44 Compenfation to Reftor of Telling tor Tithes, § 25. Tithes 44 extinguifhed, § 29. Fencing Reftor’s Allotment, § 30* Power 44 for Reftor to leafe, § 36. Leafe not valid without the King’s u Confent, $ 37.

A.D.1819.

69* GKO. III.

Prt. C. 19—28.

Cap. 19.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Pari flies of Stanton Lacy. and Bromficld, in the County of Salop.	[19th	May 1819.3

rt Reft or* 9 and Vicar’s Allotments fenced, § 36.; and may be leafed,

“ $ 37*

Cap. 20.

An Aft to authorife the Sale of Lands fettled for the perpetual Augmentation of the Curacy of Morton, in the County of Salop.

[14th June 1819.3

44 Purchafe Money to be paid to Queen Anne's Bounty, § 2.

Cap. 21.

An Aft for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Pofleffions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middle-/ex, to grant Building Leafes of certain of the Grounds and EHates heretofore of the faid John Lyon.	[14th June 1819.]

Cap. 22.

An Aft to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to rebuild the Almflioufes of Saint Catherine*% Hofpital, in the Borough of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford; and for the better Regulation of the Affairs of that Charity.	[14th	June 1819.3

Cap. 23*

An Aft to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to difeharge certain Debts incurred in repairing the Cathedral Church of Hereford'•	[14th June 1819.3

Cap. 24*

An Aft for empowering Truftees to fell certain Freehold and Copy-hold EftateB, devifed oy the Will of John Broadhurjl Efquire, and to lay out the Purchafe Money arifing from the Sale thereof in the Purchafe of other E Hates to be fetued in lieu thereof, and to the fame Ufes.	[14th	June 1819.3

Cap. 23.

An Aft for effefting an Exchange of certain Eftates in the County of Worcejler, in part devifed by the Will of Arthur Cbarlett Efquire, and in part purchafed under the Direftions thereof, for certain other Eftates in the Counties of Worcejler and Hereford, belonging to James Wakeman Newport Efquire.

[14th June 1819.3

Cap. 2 6.

An Aft for enabling William Archer Dixon, and other the Guardian or Guardians for the time being of Thomas Fenton, an Infant, to grant Building Leafes of One Moiety of certain Freehold Lands called Spice JjLand, in the Farijh of Saint George, in the County of Jftiddlefex.	[14th Jam 1819.3

764"	Pr>	C.	27—33.	59*	GEO.	III.	A.D.1819.

Ca/. 27.*

An A 61 for veiling certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Gortby, comprifcd in a Deed of Entail made by the Truftees of David Stewart Moncreiffe Efquire, deceafed, in Truftees, to fell the fame, and apply the Purchafe Money arifing by fuch Sale in the Payment of the Land Tax due out of the laid Eftate, and certain other Entailed Eftates defcendible to the Heirs taking under the faid Deed; for purchafmg and entailing other Lands more conveniently fituated ; and for granting Power to feu certain Parts of the faid Entailed Eftates.	[14th dune	1819.]

Cap. 28.

An A61 to confirm the Title of the Moft Noble William Spencer Duke of Devonjbire, to the Manors of Brindle aijd Injkip, and Eftates in Brindle, Injkip and Ecclejlon, in the County of Lan-• cajler.	[14th June	1819.]

Cap. 29.

An A61 for inclofing Lands in Winton cum Barmjlon and Barmfion, in the Parifh of Barmjlony in the Eaft Riding of the County of Tori.	[14th June 1819.]

u Allotment for Glebe, § 11. Compenfation for Tithes, § 12. u Apportionment of Corn Rents in cafe of Death, &c. of Re61or, «• f 13- When Tithes to ceafe, § 17. Glebe Allotments to be " fenced, § 19.

Cap. 30.

An A61 for inclofing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Manor and Parifh of Thornton in Craven, in the County of Tori.

[14th June 1819.]

“ Allotment to Re&or for Glebe and Common Right, § 23, 24. “ Tithes to be valued by Commiffioner, f 25. Compenfation for M Tithes, §26. 31. 34, Refidue of Commons to be fold for Ex-“ pences and Purchafe of Land for Compenfation for Tithes, § 28. “ Commutation for Tithes, § 29. Tithes payable till Allotments “ made, &c. § 32. Re61or,s Allotment to be ring-fenced, § 33. M Re61or empowered to leafe Allotment, § 38.

Cap. 31.

An A 61 for 'iTido&ngAldington Freight, otherwife Aldington Frith, in the Parifh of Aldington, in the County of Kent.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. 32.

An A61 for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Ingham, in the County of Norfolk.	[	14th June 1819.]

Cap. 33. .

An A61 for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of HarUngton, in the County of Middlefex.	[14th	June	1819.]

“ Redoes Allotment fenced, {,25. Power to Re61or to leafe his u Allotment,' '$31.

A, D. 18.15).

5S» GEO. IIL

Pr. C S4—40.

765

Cap. 34*

An Aft for veiling certain Eftates in the Counties of Wilts, Warwick, Gloucejler, Woreejler and Durham, devifed by the Will of Thomas Edwards Freeman Efquire, deceafed, in Truftees, to be fold ; and for laying out the Money arifing from fuch Sale, in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to the fame Ufes.	[lift.	June 1819.]

Cap. 35.

An Aft for confirming and ellabliihing' Leafes and Contrafts for ‘ Leafes made by the Truftees and Executors of the Will of Thomas Holloway Efquire, deceafed, of certain Parts of his Freehold, Copyhold and Leafehold Eftates and Property5 and for enabling them to make Leafes and Contrafts for Leafes of other Parts of . the fame Eftates and Property, in manner therein mentioned.

[21ft June 1819*3

Cap. 36.

An Aft for inclofing Lands in the Parifh of Wejl Walton, in the County of Norfolk.	[21ft	June 1819.]

M The King's Allotment may be fold before Execution of Award, M § 31. Commiflioner to make Extraft of fo much of Award as u relates to the King's Allotment, and tranfmit the fame to the Com-44 miffioners of the Woods and Forefts, § 32.

Cap. 37.

An Aft for incorporating the Truftees of the Charities of Jofeph Evans, late of Belevan, in the County of Kilkenny, Efquire, deceafed, and for veiling in the faid Truftees fo incorporated. Real and Perfonal Eftates of the faid Jofeph Evans, for the Support of • the faid Charities.	[2d	July 1819.]

Cap. 38.

An Aft for veftingwthe Settled Eftates of J^ancelot Rolltjlon Efquire, in Hucknall Tor hard, in the County of Nottingham, in Truftees, to be fold, for paying off Incumbrances, and for purchafing other Eftates with	the Reiidue of the Purchafe Monies, to be fettled to

the fame Ufes.	[2d July	1819.]

Cap. 39.

An Aft to empower the Committees of Thomas Smyth Efquire, a Lunatic, to grant Leafes of Eftates veiled in him as Tenant in Tail Male ; and for confirming certain Leafes already granted by them.	[2d July	1819.]

Cap. 40.

An Aft to enable the Committees of the Eftate of Thomas Smyth Efquire, tp fign Confents to Leafes of Parts of the Glebe belonging to the Vicarage of the Church of Camberwell, and for veiling Part of the Glebe in Truftees for Sale, for the purpofes therein , mentioned.	[2d July	1819.]

M The Vicar, with Confent of the Biihop of Winchejler* to lay out €‘ Land fpr Roads. $ 3.

766

Pr.C. 41—45.

£9° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Cap• 4^

An A£t for incloiing Lands in the Parilh of Norton m Hales, in the County of Salop*	[ad	July	1B19.}

44 Compenfation for Tithes, § 19. When Tithes are to ceafe, § 23.

Cap, 42/

An A A for vetting the Eftates devifed by the Will of Hannah Ponvnall Widow, deceafed, fituate in the County of Tori, in Truftees, for Sale 5 and for inverting the Purchafe Money in the Purchafe of other Eftates, to be fetded to the former Ufes.

[6th July 1819.]

Cop• 43.

An A6t for verting in Fee-fimple in the Right Honourable George Earl of Aberdeen, or the Heir of Entail in PoiTeffion, certain Parts of the entailed Lands and Barony of Fedderat, in the County of Aberdeen, upon entailing certain ouier Lands in the County of Aberdeen, equivalent in Value thereto.	[6U1 July 1819.]

•

Cap. 44*

An A£l for verting the Manor of Oram, and certain MefTuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffix, Part of the Setded Eftates by the Will of Samuel Bunt Efquire, deceafed, in Truftees, to be fold, and for veiling the Money arifing from fuch Sale in the Purchafe of odier Eftates, to be fettled to the fame Ufes.	[6th July 1819.]

Cap* 45.

An A£t for affifting the rebuilding of London Houfe, belonging to the See of London.	[6th July 1819.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable and Right Reverend William Lord Bilhop of London is, in right of his See, * feifed in Fee Simple of a Capital MefTuage dr Man (ion Houle 4 called London Houfe,. fituate on the Eaft Side of Saint James's 4 Square in the Pariih of Saint James Weffmhdler, in the County of 4 Middlefex, which, ever iince it became veiled in the faid See, has 4 been ufed as the Town Refidence of the Bilhop of London for the 4 time being : And Whereas the faid MelTuage or Manfton Houle 4 was purcnafed for the Ufe of the faid See in the Year Oae 4 thouland feven hundred and feventy one, when it was fo old that 4 it was not expe&ed to (land above Fifty Years from that time; 4 and when the faid William Lord Bilhop of London was promoted 4 to the faid See, which was in the Year of our Lord One tboufand 4 eight hundred and fourteen, it was in fo dilapidated a State as to 4 make it neceffary that the whole or the greater Part thereof (hould 4 be taken down and rebuilt, the Expence of which having been 4 efthnated at the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds, it ^gould not be 4 juft, under the peculiar Circuznftances of the Cafe, that the fame 4 Ihould be wholly borne and defrayed by the present Bilhop :* May it therefore pleafe Your Moll Excellent Majefty (at the Petiboa of the faid Wilftam Lord Bilhop of London) that it may be roa&rd; and be it ena&ed by The King’s Molt Excellent Msjefty, by and

A.D.1810.

59° GEO. Ill

Pr.C.45.

767

with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame, That it (hall be lawful for the faid William Lord Bifhop of London, or the Bifhop of London for the time being, to borrow and take up at lntereft, in the manner hereinafter mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole Ten thou-fand Pounds, and as a Security for the Money fo to, be borrowed, by Indenture or Indentures to be duly fealed and delivered, to demife all or any of the Manors, MeiTuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents or Hereditaments of or belonging to the faid See, to any Perfon or Perfons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who (hall be willing to lend or advance the fame, or to fuch Perfon or Perfons as fuch Lender or Lenders may nominate or appoint, for any Term or Terms of Years, but to be fubje& to a Provifo or Provifoes in fuch Mortgage or Mortgages to be contained, for the Leffor of every fuch Term or Terms of Years, on Payment to the Party or Parties, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who (hall advance the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, his, her or their Executors, Ad-miniftrators, Succeffors or Afligns, the principal Sum or Sums fo to be borrowed, and fuch lntereft as (hall become due for the fame, at the times and in manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay, the lntereft thereof, at fuch Rate as (hall be agreed upon, to be paid by equal Half Yearly Payments on the Days to be therein appointed, and One Twentieth Part of the Principal Money at the End of each Year; which Mortgage or Mortgages when fo made, after the fame (hall have been regiftered in the Office of the Regiftrar of the Diocefe of London, (hall bind every fucceeding Bifhop in the faid See, until the Principal Money, lntereft and Cofts (hall be paid off and difcharged, as fully and efte&ually as if fuch Succeffor had made or executed the fame.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch Mortgage (hall contain a Covenant from the Lord Bifhop making the fame, for himfelf, his Heirs, Executors and Adminiftrators, to pay and keep down fo much of the faid Principal Money and lntereft as (hall become payable upon fuch Mortgage or Mortgages during the Period of his continuing to hold the laid See.

III.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That whenever the Principal Money and lntereft to be fecured by any fuch Mortgage or Mortgages (hall be in arrear and unpaid for more than Forty Days after the fame (hall become due, it (hall be lawful for fuch Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his of their Executors, Adminiftrators, Suc-ceffors or Afligns, to recover the fame or fo much thereof as (hall be then due, and the Cofts and Charges attending the Recovery thereof, by Diftrefs and Sale, in fuch manner as Rents may by JLaw be recovered by Landlords from their Tenants.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Money fo to be-.borrowed (hall be paid into the Hands of fuch Perfon or Perfons as (hall be nominated or appointed to receive and apply the fame for the purpofes aforefaid, by the Lord' Archbifhop of 'Canterbury for the time being, and the Lord Bi(hop of London for the time being,

Writing , under their Hands, on fuch Nominee or Nominees giving a Bond to the Archbifhop and Bifhop fo nominating or appointing as aforefaid, with fufficient Surety hi Double the Sum fo to be borrowed or raifed, with Condition for his duly applying and

accounting

Bishop of London may borrow on Mortgage of Premises belonging fo lus See, lOpCOch

Covenant to pay and keep down Principal and Irv-tcrest.

Mortgagee empowered to distrain, in case of Nonpayment, for Forty Days.

Hie Money to be paid to a Person to be nominated by the Archbishop of Canterbury and Bishop of

Pr. C. 45.

.59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Proviso for the Bishop’s Power of leasing.

The Bishop for the time being to pay the Interest, and One- twentieth Part of the Principal, every Year.

accounting for the fame, according to the Directions of this Ad; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Perfon or Perfons fo to be nominated (hall be a fufficient Difcharge to the Perfon or Perfons who (hall advance and pay the Money; and the Perfon or Perfons fo to-be nominated (hall or may from time to time enter into Contracts with proper Perfons for fuch rebuilding, wholly or in part, and repairing the faid Man/ion Houfe in Saint James9 s Square and its Offices, as (hall be approved by the faid Archbifhop and Bifhop for the time being, and (hall be lpecified in an Inftrument or Inftruments upon Parchment, and figned by them, and alfo (hall or may, with the like Approbation from time to time refeind or vary any fuch Contra&s, and (hall infpeft’ and have the Care of the Execution of fuch Contracts, and (hall pay the Money for fuch rebuilding and Repairs, according to the Terms of fuch Contracts, or otherwife (hall (uper-intend and infpeCt fuch rebuilding and repairing, and pay the Money for the fame, as the faid Archbifhop and Bifhop (hall in manner aforefaid approve and direCt, and (hall take proper Receipts for the Money fo paid or applied ; and as foon as the Works and things by this ACt directed to be done (hall be completed, and the Money paid, (hall make out an Account of his Receipts and Payments, and enter them in a Book fairly written, which (hall be figned by fuch Perfon or Perfons, and laid before the faid Archbifhop and Biihop for the time being, together with the Vouchers for fuch Payments, and examined by them, and when allowed by Writing under their Hands, fuch Allowance (hall be a full Difcharge to the Perfon or Perfons fo nominated, in refpeCt to the faid Account; and if any Balance (hall remain in the Hands of fuch Nominee or Nominees after the Payments aforefaid, and alfo after making to him or them fuch Compenfation for his or their Trouble as the faid Archbi(hop and Biihop (hall think reafonable, the fame (hall be paid in difcharge of fo much of the "principal Debt fecured by fuch Mortgage or Mortgages as fuch Balance will extend to pay ; all which Accounts, when made out, completed and allowed, (hall be depofited, together . with the Vouchers, in the Hands of the Regiftrar of the Diocefe of London for the time being, for the Ufe and Benefit of the Lord Bifhop of London for .the time being, who (hall have a Right to infpeft the fame, and take Copies thereof, whenever Occaiion (hall require.

V.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further ena&ed. That not-withftanding any fuch Mortgage or Mortgages as aforefaid, it ihaD be lawful for the faid William Lord Bifhop of London, and his Suc-ceffors in the faid See, from time to time to make fuch Leafes, except fo far as he and they are reftrained by this A&, as he or they might have made in cafe this A& and the faid Mortgage or Mortgages had not been paffed or made ; and that fuch Mortgage or Mortgages (hall alfo be fubje& to the E(Fe& of all fuch Lcales as have been already made of any of the Pofleffions of the faid See, and are now fubfifting.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the Lord Biihop making fuch Mortgage or Mortgages as aforefaid, and every nicceediag Bifhop in the faid See for the time being, (hall and he and they is and are hereby required to pay and difcharge yearly and every Year, One Twentieth Part of the Principal Money thereby fecured, until the whole of fuch Money (hall be difeharged; and alio from time to I

time

A. D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

red

Pr.C.48.	#

time to pay the Intereft due on fuch Principal Money ; and that	•

every fuch Bifhop (hall annually at his own Expence, from the time when fuch Manfion Poufe (hall be completed, according to this A61, infure at one of the Public Offices in London or Wejlminjler for Inference of Houfes and Buildings, the faid Manfion Houle, and the Offices belonging thereto, again ft Accidents by Fire, at the Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds at the lead.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no Leafe No Least to or Leafes (hall at any time or times hereafter be made of the faid ** ***&* °f Manfion Houfe and Premifes in Saint Janus's Square, or its Offices, London Hott#e-or any Part thereof, by the faid William Lord Bifhop of London, or

his Succeffors in the faid See.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That upon On every every fuch Vacancy as (hall happen of the faid See before fttch Vacancy of the Mortgage or Mortgages (hall be difeharged, the Lord Bifhop for Byhop rathe time being avoiding the fame, his Heirs, Executors or Adminif- a p°^rt^n tretors,' (hall pay fo much of the Half Yearly Payment of Intereft, Interest and and of fuch Inftalment of the Principal Money fecured by fuch Instalment of Mortgage or Mortgages, accruing and not adually accrued due at Pr*nciP*1 ‘he*1 the time of his ceafing to be Biffiop of the faid See, as will be in accniin** proportion to the time which (hah have elapfed between the Payment

due or made in the preceding Half Year, and the Payment to grow due or to be made in the next foceeeding Half Year;

* IX. And Whereas there is (banding in the- Name of the Ac* Reciting that 4 countant General of the High Court of Chancery, in the Books ‘ of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, ex parte Jo to ^

4 the Wardens and Commonalty of the Myftery of Mercers of the See, is sund-4 City of London, the Account of William Lord Bifhop of London, ing in the Ac-

*	the Sum of Five thoufand and forty Pounds Twelve Shillings and countent Ge-€ Sixpence Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Annuities, which neraA s

*	was purchafed with the Sum of Three thoufand four hundred and 4 twenty feven Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence Cafh, paid 4 into the Bank in the Name of the faid Accountant General, by

*	the faid Wardens and Commonalty, as or for the Confideretion for 4 the Purchafe (for the purpofes of the A6b hereinafter mentioned)

4 of certain Tenements in or near Saint Pouts Church Tard in the ‘ faid City, belonging to the faid Lord Bifhop, in right of his See;

*	and which faid Sum of Five thoufand and forty Pounds Twelve

*	Shillings and Sixpence Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated

4 Annuities, is, under or by virtue of an A6b paffed in the laft 58 G.3. c.ai-4 Seffion of Parliament, intituled An A3 to enable the Trujlees of Saint fr.

4 Paul's Schooly in the City of London, to purchafe Buildings and 4 Land adjoining or near to the faid School\ for the better Accommoda-4 tion of the Scholars, and for other purpofes, febjeft to a Trufb to be 4 invefted under the Dire&ion of tne faid Court, in the Purchafe of

*	other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be fettled to the 4 Ufe of the faid William Lord' Bifhop of London, and his Succeffoas 4 in the faid See, who are entitled to the Dividends or Intereft thereof 4 in the meantime until Inveftment of the fame in fuch Purchafe of 4 Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as afbrefaidBe it therefore

further enafbed, That it (hall be lawful for the faid Court of Chan- Court of Chan* eery, upon Petition to be preferred to the faid Court in a fummary m7 “*• Way by or on the behalf of the faid William Lord Bifhop of London^	^

his Executors or Adminiftrators, to make fuch Order or Orders as taudna and 59 Geo. III.	3D	to	^

770*

Pv. Cm 45—49*

3$® OEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

taxing the Expences of the Act.

Governors of Queen Anne’s Bounty authorised to advance the Money.

Act printed by the King's Printer to fie Evidence.

to the fame Court lhall feem meet, for taxing and ascertaining the Cods, Charges and Expences of applying for and obtaining and palling this Aft, and the Coils and Expences of or attending fuch Application to the faid Court, and for railing and paying all fuch Coils, Charges and Expences as aforefaid, by Sale of a competent Part of the faid Sum of Five thoufand and forty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence Three Pounds per Centum Confolidated Annuities.

X.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Governors authorised or appointed to regulate and Superintend the Bounty given by Her late Majedy Queen Anney for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, to advance and lend any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the faid Sum of Ten thoufand Pounds, out of the Money which has arifen or lhall from time to time arife from that Bounty tor promoting and afiifting the Several purpofes of this Aft ; and fuch Mortgage and Security as aforefaid lhall be made for Repayment in manner aforefaid, by Inflalments, of the principal Sum or Sums So to be advanced, witn lawful Intereft for toe fame, by fuch Half Yearly Payments as aforefaid.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That this Aft lhall be printed by the Several Printers to The King’s Mod Excellent Majelly, duly authorised to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof, So printed by any of them, lhall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Jullices and others.

Cop* ^6.

An Aft for veiling certain Edates, deviled by the Will of Jofifh Fayrerf and now held in undivided Shares, in a Trudee, to be fold; and for inveding the Purchafe Monies of the Shares of fuch of the Parties intereded as are Infants, in the Purchafe of other Edates, to be conveyed to them, according to their refpeftife Rights and Intereds, in lieu of fuch Shares. [6th July 1819.]

Cap. 47.

An Aft to empower the Trudees of the Will of the late Pekr Bernard, Surgeon, to grant Building Leafes of Land devifed by his faid Will, fituated in the Town and County of Southampton.

[12th July 1819.]

Cap. 48.

An Aft for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Aft of H» prefent Majedy, for better regulating the Charity of John Shafioe of Nether Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

[12th July 1819.]

Cap. 49.

An Aft for inclodng Lands in the Parilh of Alvtngham, in the County of Lincoln.	[12th July 1819.]

“ Allotments for Tithes, § 24. Commiifioners to deduft for Mo-“ dufes, § 25. Perfons not having open Lands to pay in Monej il for Tithes, § 26. Power for Reftor and Vicar to grant Leads, “ £3°’ Tithes payable till Allotments made, § 33. Glebe md u Tithe Allotments fenced, § 39.

INDEX

TO THE

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS, 59° GEO. III.

* Signifies that the A3 relates exclufively to Ireland.

ACCOUNTS of Receipts and Expenditure of Colonial Revenues in Ceylon, &c. continuing 54 G. 3. for Examination of - Cap. 67 Accounts, repealing Part of certain A As, and amending 26 G. 3. relative to laying Accounts before Parliament

I03

Africa, for extending 46 G. 3. to the Trial of Offences committed in, againft the Laws for aboli filing the Slave Trade -	97

Aliens, continuing 58 G. 3. for preventing the Naturalization of, or their becoming Denizens, except in certain Cafes -	-	-	8

Alkali (Mineral), repealing former Duties and granting new Duties on, and on Articles containing it 29 America (North), continuing 46 G. 3. for permitting the Exportation of Wool from the Britifh Plantations in	-	14

enabling His Majefty to make

Regulations with refpeA to the tak ing and curing of Fiffi in certain Parts of the Coaffs of Newfoundland, Labrador, and His Majefty’s other Poffeffions in North America, according to a Convention between His Majefty and the United States of America -	-	38

—— carrying into effeA a Convention of Commerce with -	54

• Exportation to, of Britiih Plant-

ation Sugar from Bermuda, and Importation of certain Articles of American Produce, allowed 55 Annuities, for raffing £12,000,000 by 42 Appeals of Murder, Treafon, Felony or other Offences, aboliffied -	46

Apprentices, Matters ill-ufing, finable by Juftices of the Peace -	*92

Appropriation of Supplies Cap. 133 Archbifhops of Canterbury and York for the time being, authorifing, to admit Perfons into Holy Orders for the Colonies -	-	-	60

Army, annual Mutiny AA for -	9

—■ Rates to Innkeepers, on quartering	-	-	-	26

Affeffed Taxes, relieving Perfons compounding for, from an annual AiTeffinent, for a Term of Three Years -	-	51

■	—......—	for	giving	Relief	in	cer-

tain Cafes of AfleUment of Taxes in Great Britain, and to Perfons compounding for them in Ireland, from a like annual Afleffment 119

Bahama Iflands, making perpetual 44 G. 3. for permitting the Exportation or Salt from certain Ports in, in American Ships coming in Bal-laft	-	-	-	18

Bangor Ferrv, altering and veiling in Commffnoners, the Line of Road . from Shrewibuiy to	-	30	*

-------------- to	Holyhead, additional

Powers given to Commiflioners for making a new Road from -	48

Bank of England, reftrained from making Ca(h Payments in Gold Coin, under certain Notices given by them

23

■	.....-....... for continuing the Re-

ftriAions of feveral A As on Cafh Payments by, until May ift, 1823, and to provide for the gradual Re-fumption of fuch Payments 49 —	'■ -for eftablifhing further

Regulations refpeAing Advances by, for the Public Service, and the Pur-chafe of Government Securities by the faid Bank	-	-	76

3 D 2

77*

INDEX to the Public General A£U, 59° GEO. III.

Bank of Ireland, retrained from making Ca(h Payments in Gold Coin, under certain Notices given by them

Cap. *24

■ ■	■■■■■■	■	for continuing till

June i ft, 1823, the Reftri&ions on Cafti Payments by, and to provide for the gradual Refumption of fuch Payments	-	-	*99

Banks for Savings, for protecting 62 Barnftaple, for indemnifying Perfons giving Evidence in Parliament on the Bill for preventing Bribery and Corruption at the Election of Members at -	-	-	47

Battel, Wager of, and Trial by, abolifhed

46

Benefices, for fecuring Spiritual Perfons in the Poffeffion of, m certain Cafes

4°

Bermuda Iflands, extending the Pro-vifions of feveral Ads, for allowing Britifh Plantation Sugar, &c. imported into, to be exported to America in Foreign Veffela, and to permit Articles the Produce of Ame< rica to be imported into Bermuda

55

Bounties on Pilchards exported -	77

--------on certain Silk Manufaduces

exported -	•	112

Bread, repealing certain Ads regulating the making of, out of London and beyond its Liberties, &c. and efta-bhfhing other Provifions and Regulations relative thereto -	36

Bridges, maintaining and repairing 135 Britain Spirits, additional Excife Duties

Cted on, and confolidated with er Duties -	53

Britifh Subjeds, enabling Commiffioners to carry into effed the Conventions for liquidating the Claims of, againft France -	-	31

Calicoes, for requiring the more fpeedy Payment of the Excife Duties on

Camden (Marquis), for authorifing the Receipt and Appropriation of certain sums voluntarily contributed by, in Aid of the Public Service

43

Cafh Payments, Bank of England ffr» {trained from making, in Gold Coin, under certain Notices given by them Cap. 23

......Reftridions on, by the

Bank of England, under feveral Ads, continued until May iff, 1823, and to provide for the Re-fumption of fuch Payments	49

■ - -... the like Reftridions

continued, as to the Bank of Ireland, until June ift, 1823, and to provide for the Refumption of fuch Payments	*99

• the Bank of Ireland, re-

{trained from making, in Gold *2* Certificate Goods, for repealing feveral Ads requiring Mafters of Veflels carrying them to take Duplicates of the Contents -	-	73

Charities, Public, for the Education of the Poor, amending, extending, and continuing 58 G. 3. for appointing Commiffioners to enquire concerning

81

for facilitating Applications

to Courts of Equity, refpeding the Management of Funds belonging to

91

Churches, amending 58 G. j. for building and promoting the building of additional, in populous Parifhes

*34

Claims of Britifh Subjeds and others againft France, enabling Commiffioners fully to carry into effed feveral Conventions for liquidating

31

Clerk of the Pleas, in the Court of Exchequer, continuing c6 G. 3. for fecuring the Profits of the Office of

•3

Coals, Culm and Cinders, allowing to be brought to London and Weftminfter by Inland Navigation	-	79

■ ■ ■ ufed in (melting Tin, Copper or Lead Ores, in Devon and Cornwall, regulating the Drawback of Duty on	126

f additional Excife Duties Cocoa Nuts, ) on, granted, and confo-Coffee, j lidated with former Du-( ties .	-	.53

INDEX to the Public General Ads, 59° GEO. III.

773

Colonial Revenues, in Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and the Settlements at the Cape of Good Hope, for continuing 54 G. 3. for the effedual Examination of the Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of	Cap. 67

Colonial Slaves, for eftablifhing a Regif-4 try of, in Great Britain, and for making further Provifion relative to the Removal of Slaves from Britifh Colonies -	-	-	120

Colonies, for permitting the Archbifhops of Canterbury and York, for the time being, to admit Perfons into Holy Orders fpecially for -	60

Commiffioners, Appointment of, for executing the Ad granting a Duty on Penfions and Offices in England, and alfo for the Land Tax -	138

Comptroller General of the Cuftoms, for transferring the Duty of the Supervisor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments to	-	78

Consolidated Fund, arifing in Great Britain, rendering available for the Public Service	-	19

Con Rabies negle&ing their Duty, finable by Juftices of the Peace -	*92

Contagious Difeafes, eftablifhing Regulations for preventing	-	*41

Cotton Mills and Fadories, for the further Regulation of, and for the better Prelervation of the Health of young Perfons employed therein 66 Courts of Equity, for facilitating Applications to, refpeding the Management of Eftates or Funds belonging to Charities -	*91

Cuftoms, for the more frequent Payment of the Duties of, into the Exchequer	-	-	30

—------repealing the Several Duties of,

and granting others in lieu thereof

—	for transferring the Duty of the Supervisor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments to the Comptroller General of the Cuftoms

78

—	empowering Officers of, to allow

Reports of Veffels’ Cargoes to be amended -	123

—	for granting Duties, and for

allowing Drawbacks, on certain Articles, and for making further Regulations for Securing them

Cap. *83

Cutlery Trade, regulating	7

Dawlifii, Manor of, exonerated from the Claims of the Crown, againft the Eftate of John Inglett Fortefcue ESq. -	-	-	-	68

Dean, Foreft of, for the better Collection and Recovery of the Gale Rents in -	-	-	- . 86

Difeafes (Contagious), for eftablifhing Regulations for preventing *41 Diftillation (Unlawful) of Spirits, for limiting the Continuation of the Operation of Several A61s impofing Fines on Townlands and Places for, and for preventing Such Offences

*98

Dublin, amending 55 G. 3. enabling die Commiffioners of Cuftoms in Ireland to purchafe PremiSes for ereding Docks, Warehouses, and other Offices in -	-	-	*82

Duelling, certain Ads againft, repealed

70

Duties, for granting and allowing Drawbacks, and making further Regulations for Securing them -	*84

------- on Horfes, Ads for reducing,

continued	-	-13

- on Licences, Securing the Payment of, and regulating the iffuing of	-	-	*106

—	on Made Wines, continuing 57 G. 3. for fuSpending Part of 89

—	on Merchandise imported into Ireland from the Eaft Indies, continuing 54 G. 3. for granting *15

—	on Merchandise imported into Great Britain from the Eaft Indies, continuing Several Ads for granting

arifing from Cuftoms,

Eicig

Stamps and Poftage, for the more frequent Payment of, into the Exchequer -	-	"39

---- on Mineral Alkali, and Articles

containing it, repealing former and granting new ones -	-	29

— on Plate Glafs, repealing former and granting others thereon 115

774 INDEX to the Public General Arts, 59° GEO. III.

Duties granted on Spirits made in New South Wales - Cap. 114 —------granting additional countervail-

ing, on Spirits extra6ted in England or Ireland, and imported into Scotland ; and for repealing the additional Duty on Licences taken out by Retailers of Sweets in Great Britain ; and for exempting from all Countervailing Duties the Leather and Glafs of Carriages brought by Perfona for private Ufe from Ireland into Great Britain, or vice verfa

io5

Eaft Indies, continuing feveral Ads for granting Duties of Cuftoms on Mer-chandife imported into Great Britain from -	-	33

------------ continuing	54	Geo.	3.	for

granting like Duties on Merchandife imported from, into Ireland *15 ——	regulating Poftage of Letters

to	-	-	-	III

—----------admitting certain Goods im-

ported from, to Entry and Payment of Duty without being warehoufed ; and to permit the Exportation of certain Eaft India Goods to Guem-fey and Jerfey, and the Removal of certain Eaft India Goods to Liverpool, Lancafter, Briftol and Glaf-gow, for Exportation -	125

Education of the Poor, for amending, extending, and continuing 58 G. 3. for appointing Commiflioners to enquire concerning Charities for 81 Ele&ions, reviving and continuing 51 G. 3. extending 18 G. 2. to explain and amend the Laws touching the Ele&ions of Knights of the Shire to ferve in Parliament for England, refpe&ing the Expences of Huttings and Poll Clerks, fo far as re-fpe&s the City of Weftminfter 2 Enliftment of His Majefty’s Subjects in Foreign Service, for preventing, and alfo the fitting out Veffels for Warlike Purpofes without His Majefty’s Licence -	-	-	69

Exchequer Bills, iffuing, flee. 20,000,000/

16,500,000/.

*3*

Exchequer Bills, iffuing, flee. 2,000,0001 Britifh Currency - Cap. *132

— ------------enabling the Commif-

fioners of the Treasury to iffue, on Credit of the Supplies granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year 1819	-	-	-	20

Excife, for enabling His Majefty to direct the Diftribution of any Reward, awarded by the Commifiionen of, to Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines,	for apprehending Smugglers -	6

-------- continuing	certain	Excife Laws,

relating to Crown Glafs and Flint and Phial Glafs, and to alter certain Laws concerning Flint Glafs •	104

—	----- Duties,	for	the	more	frequent

Payment of, into the Exchequer 39

—	-	on	Plate	Glafs, repeal-

ing former and granting new ones

US

-------- ■■■=--- for preventing Frauds

in the Duties on Soap; for pre-ferving the Books or Papers called Specimens left by. Excife Officers on the Premifes of Traders; and for requiring more fpeedy Payment of the Excife Duties on Calicoes 90

—	------- additional, granted on

Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff, Pepper, Malt and Britifh Spirits, and confolidating the fame with former Duties thereon, and for amending -	-	53

1	■	■	---- on Tobacco, Snuff and

Excife Licences, continuing and amending 55 G. 3. for granting 32

■	------ additional, granted on

Tobacco -	-	-	*72

Exportation of Britifh Plantation Sugar, flee, from Bermuda in Foreign Vef. feis, allowed	-	-	55

—- ■	of certain Eaft India	Goods

permitted to Guernfey and Jerfey

.I25

—— ■ Gold and Silver, permitted

■■»■■■ Gunpowder, for repealing feveral A&s prohibiting, when the Price fhall exceed a certain Sum 73 —— Salt, from certain Ports in the Bahama Iflands, making per-

INDEX to the Public General A&s, 59° GEO. III.

775

petual 44 G. 3. permitting in American Ships coming in Ballaft

Cap. 18

Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain to Ireland, confining to Veffels of 70 Tons Burthen and upwards . .	75

- —--------Wool, continuing 46 G. 3.

for permitting from the Britifh Plantations in America -	14

Felonies committed on board Veffels employed on Canals, &c. for facilitating the Trial of	-	27

-------for facilitating the Trials of, committed on Stage Waggons and Stage Coaches, and of Felonies committed on the Boundaries of Counties -	-	-	96

Ferries, Regulation of -	-	135

Fifti, enabling His Majefty to make Regulations for the taking and curing of, on certain Parts of the Coafts of Newfoundland, Labrador and His Majefty’s other Poffeffions in North America -	-38

Fifheries, for the Encouragement and Improvement of - .	-	*109

Fleet (Warden of), for facilitating Proceedings againft, in "Vacation 64 Fortefcue (John Inglett Efquire), the Manor of Dawfifh exonerated from the Claims of the Crown againft the Eftate of -	-	-	68

Freight Money, fixing the Rate and directing the Difpofal of, for conveying Specie and Jewels on board His Majefty’s Ships and Veffels 25 Friendly Societies, for the further Protection and Encouragement of 128

Gamekeepers, regulating the Appointment of ...	102

Gaols, for rebuilding in Scotland 61 Glafs, altering certain Laws relating to

104

Gold and Silver, Exportation of, permitted -	-	-	-	49

Grand Juries, for the Inveftigation of Prefentments -	-	*84

Gunpowder, repealing feveral A&s prohibiting the Exportation of -	73

Holyhead, for amending 55 G. 3. grant-

ing Money for repairing Roads between London and Holyhead, and making a new Road from Bangor Ferry to Holyhead - Cap. 48 Holy Orders, the Archbifhops of Canterbury and York, and the Bifhop of London, for the time being, authorised to admit Perfons to, Specially for the Colonies -	60

Honduras, amending 57 G. 3. relating to Trials of Murders, Man (laughters. Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries Committed in	-	-	44

Horfes, for reducing the Duties on 13 Huftings in Weftminfter, Expence of 2

Importation, continuing granting Duties on imported into

Eaft Indies ...	*15

--------of	certain Articles of Ame-

Produce into Bermuda, al-

44 G. 3. for Merchandife Ireland from the

-	-	*T

ncan

lowed

------— continuing feveral Ads (or

granting Duties on Merchandife imported from the Eaft Indies into Great Britain -	33

---------of	certain	Goods from the

Eaft Indies, without being ware-houfed	-	-	125

of certain wrought Goods

from Ireland, feveral A6ts repealed, prohibiting	-	73

---------of	Tobacco,	from	the	Eaft

Indies and other Places allowed; and Importation thereof from Great Britain to Ireland confined to Veffels of 70 Tons Burthen and upwards

Indemnity A&, annual, for Offices 11

■ ■■ ■ ---of Perfons giving Evidence on

the Bill for preventing Bribery at the Barnftaple Election -	47

Innkeepers, Rates to, on quartering the Army -	-	-	26

Infolvent Debtors, continuing feveral A6U for the Relief of 129. *130

Jewels, fixing the Rate and dire&ing the Difpofal of Freight Money for the Conveyance of, on board His Ma-jefty’s Ships and Veffels -	25

Juries, amending 55 G. 3. for extending * Trial by, to Civil Caufes -	3"

776	INDEX	to	the	Public	General	Afts,	59*	GEO.	IIL

Juftices of Peace in Ireland enabled to aft out of the Limits of the Counties in which they aftually are

Cap. *92

King, Aft to provide for the Care of the Royal Perfon of, during the Continuance of His Majefty’s filnefs

1

—	■ ■ for the further Regulation of the

Houfehold of, and the Care of the Perfon of, during the Continuance of His Illnefs -	-	-	22

-	— - for explaining and amending 40

and 47 G. 3. concerning the Dif-

?ofition of certain Real Property of lis Majefty, His Heirs and Suc-ceffors -	-	94

Land Tax, appointing Commiffioners of

138

Letters, amending feveral Afts relating to the Conveyance of -	*108

■ ■ Poftage of, fent to and from the Cape of Good Hope, Ceylon, the Mauritius, and the Eaft Indies 111 Levant Company, for removing Doubts refpefting the Duties payable by

no

Licences, repealing additional Duty on, taken out by Retailers of Sweets

105

——- amending Afts for fecuring' Payment of Excife Duties on, and regulating the ifluing of fuch Licences	-	-	*106

Loan of 12,000,000/., for railing, from the Commiffioners of the National Debt -	-	-	71

London, Bifhop of, for the time being, authorifed to admit Perfons into Holy Orders, fpecially for the Colonies	-	-	60

Lotteries -	-	-	6$

Lunatics (Pauper) for providing for the better Care of -	-	127

f— ■ — Eftates, for explaining an Aft relative to the Sale or Mortgage of

80

Made Wines, continuing 57 G. 3. for fufpending Part of the Duties on 89 Magiftrates empowered to divide the Quarter Seifions -	-	28	•

Malt, annual Duties on - Cap. 3 [repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof] -	-	88

- — additional Excife Duties on, granted and incorporated with former Duties -	53.	*87

Marine Forces, annual Aft for regulating, while on Shore -	10

Marines, tor extending 55 G. 3. for Payment of Wages due to deceafed, to Wages due to inteftate Baftards 59 Mailers iU-ufing their Apprentices, fine-able by Juftices of the Peace *92

of Veffels carrying Certificate Goods to Ireland, for repealing feveral Afts requiring them to take Duplicates of Contents -	73

Members of Parliament, for the regulating the Qualifications of -	37

Menai Straits, building Bridge over 48 Merchant Service, for facilitating the Recovery of Seamen’s Wages in 58 Millbank Penitentiary, for the better Regulation of	-	-	136

Militia Adjutants, Allowances to 116

—	difembodied, Pay and Clothing

of	-	116. *117

—	Officers and Quarter Matters, Allowances to, during Peace *117

—	Serjeant Majors, Allowances to

116

—	Subaltern Officers, Allowances

to	-	-	-	116

—	Surgeons and Surgeons’ Mates,

Allowances to -	-116

Mineral Alkali, and Articles containing it, repealing former Duties on, and granting new ones on	-	29

Mutiny Aft, Annual -	8

National Debt, Commiffioners for Reduction of, amending feveral Afts for enabling them to grant Life' Annuities, and empowering them to grant Annuities, for promoting the beneficial purpofes of the Waterloo Subfcription Fund	-	34

.	    ■	■	for	railing	a	Loan	of

12,000,000L from	-	-	71

Naturalization of Aliens, continuing

58 G. 3. for preventing, in Cafes -	-	-	8

Navy Agents, amending 31 G. 2* concerning the Allowances to -	119

785

INDEX to the Public General Adis, 59* GEO. III.

Navy Prize Orders, regulating the Payment of - *	-	Cap.	56

Netherlands, for carrying into effedl the Treaty with, relative to the Slave Trade	-	-	-	16

New Foreft, for regulating the Exercife of the Right of Common of Pafture in	-	-	86

New South Wales, for Haying Proceedings again!! any Governor or other Perfons concerned in impofmg or levying Duties in; and to empower the Governor to levy a Duty on Spirits made there -	114

■ — ■ -------------Permitting VelTels un-

der a certain Tonnage to trade to

122

Offenders, (Trairfportationof,)enlarging and continuing the Powers of 56 G. 3. concerning -	101

Officers of Army, Navy or Marines, enabling His Majelty to direct the Diftribution to, ot any Reward offered by the Commiffioners of Cuftoms or Excife, for apprehending Smugglers -	-	6

Offices, annual Duties on	-	3

—....■ ■ Indemnity	-	-	11

Pariffi Veftries, amending 58 G. 3. for regulating	-	-85

Paffengers to the Plantations, &c. amending 43 G. 3. with refpedl to the Number of«	-	-124

Pauper Lunatics, for making Provifion for /he better Care of -	127

* Penitentiary at Millbank, for the better ■ Regulation of -	-	136

Penfiona and Perfonal Eliates, annual Duties on *	-	3

Pepper, additional Excife Duties on, granted, and confolidated with former Duties -	-	-	53

Permits, confolidating and amending fe-veral Adis regulating the granting of	...	#107

Pilchards exported, for continuing an Adi amending the Laws relating to the Allowance of Bounties on	77

Plate Glafs, repealing former Duties, and granting new ones on -	115

Poll Clerks, reviving and continuing 51 G. 3. for extending 18 G. 2. re-59 Gao. III.

foe&in? the Expences of Poll Clerks for ele&ing Members, fo far as re-fpedls the City of Weftminfter

Cap* 2

Poor, amending Laws for the Relief of the Poor	-	-	12

—- amending the Laws refpe&ing the Settlement of, fo far as regards the renting of Tenements -	50

— confirming ancient Separations of Towns Corporate from Parifhes, in regard to the Maintenance of 95 Portugal, amending 58 G. 3. for carrying into effedl a Convention between His Majefty and the King of Portugal, for preventing the Traffic in Slaves -	-	-	17

........for carrying into effedl a Treaty

with the Prince Regent of	54

Poft Office, amending Adis relating to

*108

Poftage, for the more frequent Payment of the Duties arifing from, into the Exchequer	-	-39

—■	of Letters to and from the Cape

of Good Hope, Ceylon, the Mau-• ritius, and the Eaff Indies 111 Prefentments for Roads by Grand Juries	-	-	-	*84

Prifons, amending 50 G. 3. concerning

♦too

Prize Orders, (Navy,) regulating the Payment ot	-	-	56

Qualifications of Members of Parliament, further regulating -	-	37

Quarter Seffions, Magiilrates empowered to divide	-	-	28

Recoveries (Common), Adi concerning, to be fuffered by Attorney in Courts of ancient Demefne 80 Regiflry of Colonial Slaves, for eilabli(h~ ing in Great Britain -	130

Relief of the Poor, amending the Law.

for	-	12

Roads, for amending the Laws for making, repairing and improving, by Grand Jury Prefentments *84 —— and Bridges, repealing 54 5c 55 G. 3. and providing more effectually for the Repairs of -	135

Rock Salt, altering and amending the Excise Laws concerning -	57

SE

INDEX to the Public General AGts, 59° GEO. III.

Salt, making perpetual 44 G. 3. for permitting the Exportation of, from certain Ports in the Bahama I (lands, in American Ships coming in Bal-laft -	-	Cap. 18

- ■■■ and Rock Salt, altering and amending the Excife Laws concerning 57 Savings Banks, for prote&ing -	62

Scotland, amending 55 G. 3. for facilitating the Adminiftration of Juftice in, by extending Trial by Jury to Civil Caufes -	-	-	35

Scotland, for prote&ing Banks for Savings	-	-	-	62

Seamen’8 Wages, for facilitating the Recovery. of, in the Merchants’ Service	-	-	-	58

---------------   for	extending	55 G. 3.

for the Payment of, due to de-ceafed Seamen and Marines, to Wages due to inteftate Baftards 59 Seflion (Court of),explaining and amending certain A&s relating to 45 Settlement of the Poor, amending the Laws refpe&ing, fo far as reipe&s the renting of Tenements -	50

Shrewfbury, altering and veiling in Com-miffioners the Line of Road from, to Bangor Ferry -	-	30

Silk Manufa&ures, granting additional Bounties on the Exportation of

112

Silver, Exportation of, permitted 49 Slate and Stone, carried coallwife, Cocquet and Bond to be required for -	-	-	123

Slaves (Colonial), for ellablilhing a Re-giilry of, and for making further Provifion relative to the Removal of, from Britilh Colonies -	120

Slave Trade, for carrying into effe& a Treaty with the Netherlands for preventing -	-	-16

--------------amending	58	G.	3.	for carrying into execution a Treaty between His Majelly and the

King

of Portugal for preventing >7

■....... ■—	extending	46	G.	3.	to	the

, Trial of Offences committed in Africa againfl the Laws for abo-lifhing	-	97

Smugglers, enabling His Majelly to order Rewards for apprehending, to be 7

diflributed in certain Proportions to Officers of Army, Navy or Marines -	-	Cap. 6

Smuggling, Prevention of	- 121

Snuff, Annual Duties on	-	3

--------------—	repealed,	and	other	Duties

granted in lieu thereof -	88

— continuing and amending 55 G. 3. for granting additional Excife Duties on	-	.	53

Soap, for preventing Frauds in the Duties on	-	90

Southern Whale Filhery, continuing Premiums allowed to Ships employed in -	-	- ' 113

Specie, fixing the Rate and dire&ing the Difpofal of Freight Money for Conveyance of, in His Majefty’s Ships and Veffels * •	25

Spirits, for continuing feveral A6ls regulating the Trade in, between Great Britain and Ireland, reciprocally -	-	-	'75

Spirits, (Britilh,) additional Excife Duties on, granted, and consolidated with former Duties -	53

for granting an additional counter-

vailing Duty on Englifh or Irifh, imported into Scotland -	105

--------Diftilled by licenfed DiMlers,

fecuring the Duties on	#iod

—— — made in New South Wales, for granting a Duty on -	114 .

Spiritual Perfons, for fecuring in the Poffeffion of Benefices in certain Cafes -	-	40

Stamp Duties, for the more frequent Payment of, into the Exchequer 39 Steam, ascertaining the Tonnage of Veffels propelled by -	-	5

Subfiftence, fixing the Rates of, to be paid for quartering Soldiers -	26

Sugar, Annual Duties on -	-	3

Supervifor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments, for tranf-ferring the Duty of, to the Comptroller General of the Cuffcoms 78 Supplies, Appropriation of	133

Sweets or Made Wines, for continuing 57 G. 3. for fufpending Part of the Duties on -

additional Duties

granted on Licences taken out by Retailers of -	105

787

INDEX to the Public General A£U, 59° GEp. III.

Tea, additional Excife Duties on, granted, and confolidated with former Duties .	Cap.	53

Tobacco, Annual Duties on -	3

[repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof]	-	88

—	>	—	continuing	and	amending	55	G.	3.

for granting additional Excite Duties on -	-	32.	53.	*72

Importation of, allowed from the

Eaft Indies and other Places ; and the Importation thereof into Ireland confined to VefTds of Seventy Tons Burthen and upwards - 74 Tranfportation of Offenders* enlarging and continuing the Powers of 56 G. 3. concerning -	101

Trial by Battel, in Writs of Right, abolifhed -	-	-	46

Veftries (Parifh), amending 58 G. 3. for regmating	-	.85

Wager of Battel in Writs of Right, abolifhed	-	-	46

Wages of Seamen in the Merchants’ Service, for facilitating the Recovery of	-	58

Wages, extending 55 G. 3. for Payment of Wages due to deceafed Seamen and Marines, to Wages due to inteftate Baftards - Cap. 59 Warden of the Fleet, for facilitating Proceedings againft, in Vacation 64 Waterloo Sublcription Fund, enabling CommifIioner8 for the Redu&ion of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities in Aid of -	34

Wellington (Duke of,), amending feveral A&s for purchasing an Eftate for

21

-----explaining 55 G.3. for pur-

chafing an Eftate for -	63

Weftminfter, Expences of Huftings and Poll Clerks	2

Whale Fifhery (Southern), continuing premiums to VeiTels employed in

”3

Wool, continuing 46 G. 3. for permitting the Exportation of, from the Bntifh Plantations in North America -	-	-	18

Worcefter, enabling the Sale of certain lands there, difcharged of Claims of the Crown	-	-	*37

